CARTERS, Ace.

-
ST. MARYLEBONE, FEBRUARY 2S, 1828.
THE Vestrymen of the said Parish give Notice, that
they will meet in the Vestry.rnom at the Court-House,
Oxford.otteet, on SATURDAY, the 18th day of March next, at
Eleven of the clock in the Forenoon, to receive Pmposals in writ.
ing, sealed un, from persona willing to contract with them for col.
-ling and carting away the Breeze and Ashes within the Three
D visions of the said Pariah, for the term of One Year, Imm the
7th day of April next, inclusive. The Contractor to have the
Brest and Ashes within the Division he may contract for.
The same Vestrymen will also at the same time and place, re-
ceive Proposals in writing, sealed up, from persons willing to
ovum* with them for filling and carting away the Dirt, Slop,
Filth, do. of the Streets within the Three Divisions of the said
Parish, for the term of One Years from the 7th day of April newt,
iBOIRSi7A, The Dirt, 'Filth, dec. to he swept together by men
to be provided at the expense of the said Vestrymen.
Further particulars may he known on application to Mr. T. H.
I ook, the Sorcerer, at his Office at the Court-House.
By order of the Vestry.
J. 11. OREENWELL, Vestry Clerk.

aro. 6s. 64. ■ Second Edition. with s Postscript. of

("ONSIDERATIONS on the STATE of the CUR-
``i I4ENCY. With a Postscript on the Measures in progress
and to notemplation with reference to the Curran,:

ii THOMAS TOOKE, Esq. F.ILS.
Also, • New Edition of

THOUGHTS and-liiiYAILS on the HIGH and LOW
PitlC ES of the last TH IRTV YEARS. By the same Author.
two. 154. Printed for John Murray, Albeusorle-street.

LAW OP AUCTIONS.
This day Ls published, in hen. price les. lid. in board.,
it TREATISE on the LAW of AUCTIONS, with
an Appendix of Precedents
By RICHARD BABINOTON,
Of the Middle Temple, Special Pleader.
London Printed for Henry Butterworth, Law Bookseller and
Publisher. 7, Fleet-street, near Temple.bar.

bI:ENES IN NEW SOUTH WA i.ES AND VAN
DIEMEN'S LAND.
'Weir published, J. "touter, 73, St. Paul's,
USTRALIAN SCENERY, comprised in Fifty
/a. Views, from Copperplates engraved by out best Artists.
train very superior Drawings, each of which being finished on the
spot, maybe depended upon for its faithfel delineation. The whole
accompanied by Descriptive better Prim and two large Maps;
together with an Account of the Fint Settlement, me., Progress,
and Present State of these Colonies.

By J. INCETT,
Print. Artist to the hue Governor Macquarie.
Printed in imperial quarto, on surertine drawing paper, price
71. lit. 6d , beautifully coloured, and hondsomely bW bound in
routs; or 6/. 161. 6d. with the plates plain.

Now reedy, in 2 vols. 12ino. 12v. eves boards,
►rill: HEROINE of the PENINSULA; or, Clara
Matilda of Seville.

By the Author of the " Hermit in London."
With a view to awaken an interest fur the desponding exiles of
Spain, and make his readers acquainted with their regretted coun-
try, the Author has drawn up the►e volume+, throwing over truths
and actual events a slight tinge of its romantic and earliest history."
—yule Preface.

London : Sherwood, Gilbert, and Piper, Paternoster-row; C.
Chsppie. ;A. K. Newman and . Leadenhall-street.
Also. the PROGRIAS of FASHION, from our First Parents,
%laugh succeeding ages, to our Present Tinos. 12mo. 7s. 6d. in
mat WM. In tht: Press,
The tit PSF.Y. a Tale of Itoninneearom the Oerrnan of Laun.
By the Translator of " Popular Take of the Northern Nations,"

PA BI N ET-11 AK E RS. ROC IET Y.—CiiEAP
(AIIINET and UPHOLSTERY, at the LONDON
REPOSITORY for the CABINETMAKERS' SOCIETY.
being the only teal one now existing in London, No. 71, corner of
LEADEN/IA LL-STREET, opponite Aldgate Pump, and which
has been establi.bed upwards of Six years. For Ready Money,
and no .16atentent.
The Trustees and Committee respectfully infoim the Nobility
and Gentry, that they still conduct the above Establishment for
the Benefit of induntnous and ingenious Mechanics (wlse have large
!gnats), by offering their blanufactitred Articles st the Cabinet
line of the best workmanship, and cheaper than by any House in
London, no other profit being required than to satisfy the warehouse
rent and incidental expenses ; being satisfied with constant employ-
ment to enable them to support their families, the number of whom
&spear by the Books of the last Quarterly Meeting to be 148.
From the great patronage the Committee have received, they are
in hopes of Increasing that rutno.
The following is a Specimety of the Low Prices asked ; all Goods
warranted:— .E. a. d.
Fire feet Mahogany Bedstead, four-post 4 10 0
Tent ditto . 1 6 0
Bordered Mattress to fit - 1 1 0
Mahogany Drawers with solid ends - 3 ft U
Right Mabo_garty Chs.:.ra - 10 0
rArt
13h^_y
_Pembroke Table . . 2 0 0
Bed
Feat:ter , free from dust and smell.
from X 2 12 0 to 8 8 0
Drawing.roorn Sofa, from 13 50to 7 7 0
sofa iledstend 3 8 0
Mahogany Horse-Hair Sofa 6 10 °upwards
A quat,tity of Paper Hingilgs for Bed, Dinirg, and Dm sing-
"'lns. at nearly Half-price. Tiede will find it worth Omit.
attenti.m.

Ihriscs Furnished at a few days' notice, and Apartments In a
few m.ups....Aloode packed ftoe cf expentel except the matting.
r,ld Furniture taken in Exchange, Apprailententa in Town and
ountry : and Estates val!ed.
agrrizz.
T.Corder 4Vti'llsoo
I J. C.aner
T. Hasler J. Untie Wagban
T1111:11NELL, iktent. J. BALER, begritary.

ITALIAN TUBEROSE ROOTS, Five Shilling++ per
Doren, ORANGE, LEMON, and CITRON TREES.
JESSAMINE PLANTS, ITALIAN VEGETABI.6 SEEDS,
&c. just arrived at C. BARRON'S, IS, Nte permer
with Mr. Berm Vall6. The Trees from its. to 161. each, the Jesse-
mines 3s. W. a plant to 4s. per bundle of four plants. A few choice
Anetnonies and Ranunculus Roots 2s. 64. tolls. per dozen ; Turkey
Cucumber Seeds (white and green) and Cypress Seeds. Is. per
packet; Roman Brocoli and Malta Cauliflower (early and late),
Italian Endive, and Arabian Cahhage-seed Is. per packet. In-
structions for the arrangement and Lirta of the Prices may be had.
Moitt Honeycomb, Parmesan and New Gruyere Cheese, Sailed
Oil, &c.

COFFEE and COCOA MADE in ONE MINUTE
from the ESSENCE of COFFEE and CQCOA PASTE,
sold by F. GRAHAM, at his Tea and Foreign Fruit Warehouses,
corner of the Belle Sausage Inn, 37, LODGATE.HILL, and 16,
PICkETT.STREET. Temple bar.
COFFEE in bottles 3a., 3s. 6d., and 4s. 6d., and Cocoa in pots
Is. and 2a. each ,• Essence of Ginger and all other Spices Is. W.
per bottle; Pulverised Jamaica Uhler, prepared from slif interior
of the root, In elutes, h. 2d. each ; Prepared Chocolate in pots,
2e. 6d. each; Hickson's Anchovy Paste, Is. 6d. a pot; and Orange
Marmalade. Is. fid. per lb.; Robinson's Patent Barley and Groats
gd. each ; Hard's Farinaceous Food, Is. per packet; also F. Gra.
ham's Patent Cocoa. 3•. per lb., and Sundae Cocoa, Ls. per lb.;
Broma, 4s. per lb.; India Arrow Root, Ur& per lb. ; West India
Preserved Ginger, 71. per lb ; Tamarinds, 2s. per lb. ; Portugal
Grapes, Is. per lb. ; and all Foreign Fruits at reduced prices.
(linger-flavoured Barley Sugar and real Pontefract Licorice Cakes.
The Trade supplied.

fr CLARK'S GENERAL OUTFITTING WARE-
o HOUSE, for the EAST and WEST INDIES and
SOUTH AMERICA, EXETER CHANGE. STRAND.
officers, Cadets, and Writers going to India, and Gentlemen
proceeding to South America, or any other part of the Globe, will
ind in this Establishment the whole of their Appointments,
Swords, Caps, Sashes, Belts, and Pistols, &c. together with a
large and well-manufactured stock of Sea Cots. Couches, and Bed-
ling ; Cabin Wash-hand 'fables, Chairs, and Lamps; Sea Cheets.
Uulr and Bullock Trunks, and every other description of Travel-
rug Equipage.
An assortment of Canteens, rely!), fitted with the necessary re-
visite. fur India, and other tropical climates: likewise a great
variety of Silver and Plated Articles, Knives and Forks. suitable
for families going abroad, Military and Hiudostanee Books
' Blapa, ttc.
A fashionable Stock of Carriage, Curricle, Tandem. Phaeton,
Stanhope, and Chaise !farness, with every description of Saddlery,
&c. &c. for home use, East and West Indies, and South America,
which merit inspection from their quality, first stile of workman.
sidp, and moderate prices.
All the Articles in this Establishment are warranted. and of
=client plan of fifty years standing is strictly attended to the
inking but one Ready Money Price, from which no abatement will
be made.

Mr. CANNING Bald that he had not considered the subject
mentioned by the Right Honourable and Learned thntleman.
Mr. BROUGHAM hoped that the Right Honourable Gentle-
man and his colleagues would take into their most serious consider-
ation the propriety of calling the legislative assemblies together for
the purpose of receiving the proposed bills.
ASSESSED TAXES.
Sir T. LETHBRIDGE prevented a petition from Axtridge,
praying tot the repeal of the Assessed Taxes.—Ordered to be
printed.
MEXICAN MINING COMPANY. . .

Mr. 11. SUM:*lElf;aid he had to present a petition signed by
the Directors of the Mexican Mining Company, praying the Hasse
to direct an_inouritpillto their eendlielp M.smeegwaace of a Petift°D
which lad beer presented to the House vilifying their characters by
a person of the name of Bernard Ross. The petitioners stated that
so far from the statement of the petitioner being true as to the Di.
rectors having parted with their shares, that they had increased their
numbers. The fact was, that the Directors bad appropriated to
themselves 2.600 shares out of 10,000. Some of the Directors had
parted with 600 of those shares, but had bought 1100 others, so that
in fact they had increased' their number of shares by 200 more than
the original allotment. The Honourable Gentleman said that
while toe House was unfortunately open to the reception of petitions
from persons making charges so serious as those in the
petition of Bernard Ross, it was also open to the acute d
to pray for an inquiry into their conduct. The Honourable
Gentleman said that letters had appeared in The Timer news.
paper, highly derogatory to the character of the individual.; who
signed the petition which he had the honour to present, in cruise.
quence of the petition of which they complained, and the allega.
urns& of which were untrue. He therefore hoped the House would
comply with, the prayer of the petitioners, and order an inquiry into
their conduct.
On the motion that the petition should be brought up,
Mr. T. WILSON said that the petitioners were persons of the
highest character and respectability, and he regretted very much
that the Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Hohhoure) had not inquired into
the character of the individual who had brought forward such
charges; against them, before he had thought it advisable to present
his petition. As the Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Ilobhouse) was not
then in the House, he should abstain from offering any further ob-
servations on the subject.—Ordered to be printed.
CHANCERY REPORT.
•

.....
Mr Secretary PEEL moved that an humble address be prevented
to big Majesty, praying the: he would be pleased to order a copy
of the Report of the Commissioners of Inquiry into the practice 01
the Court of Chancery to be laid before the Howie.—Agreed to.
SAVINGS BANKS.

Sir W. INGILBY moved that there be laid before the House
a return of the amount of monies in the hands of thj Commission-
ers for the Reduction of the National Debt, belonging to Savings

Banks, to October, IRS, and from that period as tar as the same
could be made up.--Ordered.
COLONIAL COURTS OF JUSTICE.

..... .
Lord NUGENT said that nothing had given him greater plea.
sure than the eloquent speech of the Right lion. Gentleman, the
Secretary of State for Foreign Affair:, last night.' The detertnina-
tkin expressed of forwarding the proposed measures regarding the
Colonies was of a most cheering nature. Whether or not those
treasures would be carried into effect the House would soon have
an opportunity of judging. Those measures, he understood, took
the Orders in Council for their trains ; and the reason of his rising
was, to ask the Right Hon. Gentleman whether any alteration in
the Courts of Justice in the Colonies was contemplated by his Ma-
, jesty's Government.
Mr. CANNING said that he bad stated last night that the Bills
were confined to the Orders in Council. A Commission had been
sent out to the Colonies, for the purpose of inquiring into the sub-
ject mentioned by the Noble Lord, and therefore nothing would be
done in reference to it until their Report was received. The Order
in Council would be embodied in the Act.
BANKING SYSTEM.

Mr. HUME preseritea - petition from Montrose against any
alteration in the Banking System in Scotland ; also a petition from
Arbroath to the same effect.—Ordered to be printed.
CORN LAWS. •
Mr. GOOCII presented • petition from certain owners and oc-
cupiers of land in the county of Suffolk, against any alteration in
the Corn Laws.--Ordered to be printed.
Mr. R. GURNEY presented a petition from the manufacturers
and operatives of the city of Norwich, praying fur a revision of the
Corn 1.11,11.
.Mr. BROUGHAM also presented a petition to the same effect
from the operatives and the householders of the Staffordshire Pot-
teries, which was read.
Upon the motion that the Petition be laid upon the table.
Mr. ROBERTSON rose. He could not allow the facts stated
in that petition to pass without an observation. Ma opinion was in
direct opposition to the theory that was abroad in regard to cheap
corn. Ile thought that high profits, good well paid rents, and a
fair remuneration for labour, was what IMO really desirable.
Mr. HUME contended that the facts of the petition were true.
lie believed that profits were low, and that the people were in dis-
tress. Whilst the country continued to be burdened with such a
weight of taxes, profits must be low ; and the deficiency of profits
niu.t necessarily produce distress.
Mr. CA LCRAFT could not suppose that the Hon. Member for
Aberdten intended to state that all the sllegations of the petition
ter re true. One of those allegations was that sixpence nut of every
shilling was paid for rent. When the Corn Laws were under con.
%locution in 1315, he (Mr. Calera') uniformly endeavoured to get
the lowest import price put upon corn. He persevered in the opi.
Mons he [hen entertained, anti when the subject was again brought
forward, he should be as &Dahlias as any gentleman In that House
to consider the interests el the people. But he conceived that
those who targeted prejudices only. calculated to mislead did not take •
the best means of advocating the interest of the people. Ile thought,
it was quite impossible to have low prices and yet pay sixty mil.
limos of taxes. Let it not be said then that the landlords of Eng.
gland stood in the way of cheap bread ; fax from it • give the land-
' lords Emir play, and they could afford to sell the protium of the earth
as cheap as a manufacture sold the produce of his laboun and
I skill. The landlords should not be held up to obloquy, but Hon.
Members should wait for a lull and fair discussion apon this moat

PRO3IISSORY NOTE BILL.
Mr. CALCRA VT, seeing the Chancellor of the Exchequer in
his place, begged to inquire what were the views of his Majesty's
Ministers as regarded the application of the Promissory Note Bill
to Scotland. The third reading of that Bill stood for this evening,
and he therefore did not conceive the question inappropriate.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he had
already stated that in the course of the Session he would submit to
the House the views entertained by his Majesty's Government on
the subject of the lion. Gent.'e inquiries. At present he really
could not give any more precise reply.
BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION AT ELECTIONS.
Lord JOHN RUSSELL rose to submit his Bill for the pre-
vention of bribery and corruption at elections. He said every one
was aware that in former days the decisions of the House upon
elections was saipaided ley patty pelitise.sinst, Mete to the credit of
the House, it was found necessary to impose an oath upon the
members of &committee selected from the House. to do justice well
and truly between the parties. It was admitted that thin remedy
was generally successful, as between party and party, but it was not
successful as regarded the public. There may be corruptions in
particular places to which it would not apply. It may be that the
expenses should be found too great. It may be that the petitioner
was himself engaged in car. opt practices, and therefore afraid to
stand the test; or that he wished upon another occasion to take ad-
vantage of the same COOTSe which a rival had then found success-
ful. siit,C sere instances in which the public were leftwitbout
any protection. The public lost security from the uncertainty of
t-e former .ribunal, and at present from the want of an adequate
remedy. What he now proposed as a remedy was, that when any
party complained of corruption occurring within six years before
the preset.tation of a petition. a petition should be presented ; and
it the House thought the contents of that petition necessary to be
inquired into, a committee should be appointed, as under the Oren.
elite Act, only that lie proposed the committee should consist of
fourteen persons and the Member who presented the petition. He
proposed that this committee should investigate -the charge,
and report their opinions thereupon to the House. The House
would see that he proposed this to he done on petition It
might be done on a resolution of the House, but he
thought a petition more convenient for the attainment of the
object. The House, it would be perceived, was to inquire into
the contents of the petition, and to ascertain whether it con-
tained matter to justify an investigation. This was nothing new;
it was always the practice to inquire whether what the petition con-
tained was sufficient to induce the House to enter upon an invea.
ligation. It could not be alleged that the practices at elections
were of a character which did not call for a remedy. Probably
during the present year practices would prevail in boroughs, dis-
graceful to those boroughs, and highly detrimental to the purity of
dis-
graceful In support of this observation he might quote the autho-
rity of an Hon. Fri•nd whom he could never induce to vote with
him upon the question of Reform. Ile alluded to the Honourable
Member for Penryn (Mr. Orenfell); that Hon. Gentlemen found it
necessary to address a letter to his constituents a short time since,
which he (Lord J. Russell) would take leave to read to the House.
The lion. Member -was a distinguished benefactor to Penryn; a
distinguished Member of the Howie, and would do honour to any
place for which he was returned. (Hear, hear.) In his letter that
Hon. Gentleman suited that he meant to withdraw from the repre-
sentetion of that borough in, consequence of very specific informa-
tion which lie had received that lie could not expect to be re-
turned at the next general election unless he had recourse to that
to which lie had never submitted, nor never would submit, which
two years ago had endangered the existence of the franchise of that
borough, and six years ago had subjected the then Member to the
infliction of heavy penalties. If the voters of Penryn thought pro-
per to convey such an intimation to his Honourable Friend, it was
high time to put down those disgraceful practices. lie applied
now not to the minority who had before gone with him on the ques-
tions of reform, but to the majority, whose answer to his former
propositions was--we acknowledge the abuses, but we will not pull
the house about our ears. The answer of the majority on former
occasions was—show us a specific grievance, and we will support
you in the best remedy you can suggest. What he now meant to
propose was, that when a committee should bring up a report, giv-
ing it aetheir opinion that general corruption prevailed in a borough,
' the House should proceed, as in the cases es' Shoreham anti Gram-
pound. to transfer the right of elation from die borough to a richer
place in another part of the county. In the case of Grampound
he thought the right ought to have been transferred to Leeds or
some other populous town ; this lie believed was the opinion of the
11-louse, but it had been transferred to Yorkshire, in consequence of
a suggestion elsewhere, and lie thought this arrangement was not
the best. He had now concluded what lie had to say on this parties-
, lap subject. He meant to bring forward the general question are-
' form after Easter, and as he had now quoted his Hon. Friend (Mr.
Grenfell) as an authority upon the existence of corrupt practices in
boroughs, he should then have the pleasure of quoting a new autho-
rity upon thequestiou of reform, that of the Right Hon. Gent. (Mr.
Canning), who said, •• If we shrink back front iinprovement because
it is ientovation, we may live to rue it: and a time may come when
we may have resisted it a little too long, and may be obliged to
submit to innovation although it may not be improvement.' The
Noble Lord concluded by moving for leave to bring in a Bill for
the further prevention of bribery and corruption in the election of
Members to serve in Parliament.
Mr. GRENFELL thought himself called upon, in consequence
of what had fallen from die Noble Lord, to say a few words. He felt
there was nothing ineetsietent in the centime its be addressed to the
electors of Penryn, and the opposition he had given to the Noble
Lord's ;notion on reform. He had always said that he could never
support reform in the undefined sense in which it was brought for-
ward by the Noble Lord.
Mr. W. IP YiNN felt that the proposition of the Noble Lord was ,
entitled to %MOOS attention, ,nos to say to thvourable consideration.
Tne Noble Lord had 'beetled so slightly upon the details of his
plan. that it mess scarcely proper for him tale. Wynn) to enter on
it. If he understood tile Noble Lord, he proposed that the Mem-
bers of lie Committee should he all chosen ,ny lot. with the excep-
tion of the Individual a tau presented the petition. In his (Mr.
Wynn's) opinion, this wan not the heat moue of forming a cored-
named Committee. lie thought, too, that the Noble Lard would
find great difficulties as to the neteasary expenses. lie did not say
this with a hostile view, but rather to point out to the Noble Lord
the difficulties which lay in the way of the measure. If the ex-
penses fell upon the presenters of the petition, the Act would be
seldom brought into effect; and if the expenses were to fall upon

he had no other means at present by which to come at any poet
on the subject, and because he thought the facts contained in thole-
papers furnished ground amply sufficient to call for censure, rot
rely on the Courts of Justice, but on the Government itself of ti:'
Island of Jamaica. With regard to the fires transaction stated to
the papers, it regarded the alleged insurrection in the parish of St.
Mary, in the Island of Jamaica, and commenced on the 16th re
December tan in this way. On the 16th of that month of De-
cember it appeared that a person of the name of Roberts resithe
in Kingston, who carried on the business, he believed (for he had ins
precise infomiation on the subject), of a butcher. It appeared the.
this man had occasion to find Wine fault with a negro bey of his.
about 14 years old, about some frocks that he had not got mender,
and asked him how he thought he would appear to follow hint az
Christmas. This man was called on on the trials. and stated what
passed in the course of the cooversation between him and the bey,
and which was, in fact, the substance of the whsle evidence upon
which eight individuate were convicted and sentenced to be hanged,
which sentence win; carried into execution within eight days of tee
alleged conspiracy, and within four days after the trial. Every one
of the slaves died, solemnly denying the fact of which they wc.e
charge I. and they relused to purchase their own safety by charging
others with the crime. In page 42 of the report, Roberts was made
to say, that on Monday night last (his examination took place on
the Friday), about eight o'clock, he scolded hi% negro boy Wilearu
for not getting his limts, and asked him •' How he would appose
to fellow hint about at Christmas ?" William said, "Mavis. you
will have bad Christman.." Without waiting for any ix '
31r. Roberts proceeded to put this question to t • boy—
" For what, rare the negroes going to rise ?" The boy, glad
of an oppotunity to evade a scolding, immediately en.
awered " Yes," and inasmuch as his father was the only person
of whom he could think of, he added, " his father had told bun
so." The witness then proceeded to ask him if he had seen the
negroes meeting, and the boy said, " Yee, two times, but that 11,3
father had told him more than he knew at the meeting." Wltnees
asked if any of his negroes were among them ? The boy said,
" George was." W tines% asked if any more boy negroes e He toed,
" Yes, 3lr. Walker's Ned and Douglas." Witness asked if he
thought they were going to kill all the beams (white meet; the
boy said his father told him so. Witness then asked hint what he
must do ' • should he go to Kingston or Spanish Town; the boy
answered, "No, negroes would walk all about the country." Wit.
ness asked if he should pack up his books and go to the fort, or to
Mr. Beard's, would he be safe ? " No, negroes would walk all
about, and Wentworth negroes would rise same as Frontier." Wit-
ness asked if they would kill everybody? He answered, " Yes, every
body • you and Captain Barton go on board of ship and take hen
whit ;hem, nod would not be safe anywhere else." These were the
answers given, touched in the moat ambiguous terms, aed
bearing nothing at all on the subject. This was the nuclees
of every part of the evidence, -and there was notbiog
cited from any other persons who were afterwards !Kann :led
which did not relate and refer to the evidence given by des
boy ; the whole of which was in the first place euggested by the
interrogations of the master. It appeared that the buy was Mime-
dintely taken before a magistrate and made to depose to this store.
Certainly the measures of precaution which were thereupon taken
by the Magistrates were wise, prudent, and judicious ; for if :my
rising had been intended on the part of the negroes, the display i.:
military force would be the beet way to prevent anything of tt.e
kind taking place; it would indeed have been a neglect tilde v
not to have had a sufficient power collected where it was requirea.
It was also proper to send, as was done, for the six pereous otiose
names the boy mentioned as having seen at some of the meetings.
The boy, after stating this fact, added what seemed to be a very trio.
probable story, and like a tale made up by a person who had in.
volved himself by telling a falsehood in the first instance : he siva
that lie had seen persons twice assembled in large bodies near
bridge, between Frontier estate and Port .Maria, where he heard
them speak of an intended rising, and at the same time they were
flourishing their cutleries, declariog they would destroy all the
white people. This was a very improbable atm)+, and one that
could not gain any degree of credit, Of the six persons *hose
names he mentioned, the first was the boy's own father. The ap-
prehension of these individuals was a measure as wise anti judicious
as the preparation of the military force. But he could not conceibe
the: it was proper to arrest them for the purpose of putting theta
immediately on their trial. Ile thought it would have been the pro-
per course to have taken them before a magistrate, and to base
confronted them with their accuser, and see whether their accuse
of themselves would have faltered or been inconsistent in 'tiro,
or have been contradictory to the accounts given by other pereoes.
This was a mode of proceeding which was inevitable in the dile°.
very of the truth or falsehood of a statement ; and if so, it was pre.
bable that had it been pursued in this case the falsehood of the
the charge would have been at one detected, and Jamaica would
have been saved the disgrace of these promedinge. (Hear, hear)
But this was not the course taken by the magistrates with there
men ; on the contrary, they were no sooner apprehended than they
were put upon their trial (only four days being suffired to elapse
between the cbarge and the conviction). One person of the name of
Whittles, said to be in the employ of this party, was stated to Nee
overheard the conversation of these men, but not to have seen the
persons. Then a slave named Ned, belonging to Mr. Janet
Walker, was called, and deposed that he was present at a meetitee
about ten days prevoius, held at the bridge near Frontier estate, a. .1
heard a consultation respecting which way they were to set. nee
that they intended to hove it at Christmas fall ; but in consequee,:e
of the appointment of the guard they changed the day for the ti ./
after the full of the moon—Thursday nignt, the 18th Decennhee
when they thought it would be full. That their intention was to
burn the trash-house and works at Frontier estate, and whore tee
white people came to quench it, they would then destroy thee. ;
after which they were to begin at the top of the Bay anti e.:
fire to the buildings, when a general massacre was iant:,-
diately to take place ; that it was to be g' Eeral throughout vie
whole of the parish at the same time ; and that the negme,
before mentioned, belonging to the Frontier estate, were the kids:
prominent persons that he knew of at the meetings. Beth these
witnesses stated all this to have taken place in the open road, in a
public highway near a bridge, where they represented a great co::.
course of persons assembled to consult upon the most humble
crimes, and to determine upon accomplishing the most hightail
mischief ! He conceived thew tales to be of the most improbutee
description ; and yet it was through this story, told by these two
boys, that no less than six individuals had lost their lire& 'these
two perannii, Ned and Doughui, were disposed of in a Ali relive St-
able manner, for in the letter addressed by the Magietretes to W.
Bullock, Eerie secretary to the Duke of Manchester, trerismotteig
the depositions: they stated that, fur the purpose of disposing cif
Ned and Douglas they had sent them on board ship, and at day.
light in the morning they hoped to secure the principal actors, whe
were slaves belonging to Frontier. So that instead of taking this
boy Douglas before the men that were apprehended, to ascertain
whether he knew any thing on the subject, the Magistrate* thoer
proper to dispose of him In this very siegular manner. Ileviny
interrogated him, and hurting that he poesemed ne terhee
knowledge on the subject than was deposed to by Ned And Wit
they, instead of confronting bins with the accused, which was till
proper and only means of :radint; to a detection of •he truth, tie.,
and which he (AD. Deeoien) insisted they ought to hive done to
the feet instance, sent hint on bleed ship, Upon this evidenee filee
individuals apprehended .sere brought to trial, and on tier first illy
14tH December) all of them sere tried. The ti-st that War; put to
the bar wet Charles Brawn, a W-on, vinyl slave : it eneeered
he was partial
ignnwrier eastpeaters.oanndwwhaos
verytad severe nn
el7d-driser tan the
in his punishment, and some he punished severely. So that de,
was the very sort of individual whom the ill-tempered imaging.
tions of the boys would have selected as an object of acettatule.
The next prisoner was Charles Watson. Ile was not one of the
six who bed been named by the boy William, Dui another kiLd of

•
evidence was proditeed against him ; it was that of Mary, belong.
ling to George Merrilice. lem. but there and scarcely the slightest
evidence to affect this man. The next that were put on their trial
were William Montgomery and four others. When the evidence
. Sti that cue was gale through the House would perceive that it
almost amounted to nothing. The next case wan one which he
thought it would be difficult for any person to read without &gond
deltic/eternities; it was the case of the hoes father upon whose unti-
e. matey the whole of these proceedings had rested—the father of
ellt boy whose scolding for not having kept his frock in
e repair was the foundation of this sanitize of human lives.
'rile tint witness called was Ned the prieoner. and be then
Atsome improbable s:ory about seeing the prisoner with
e others near the bridge. and hearing them soy that they were
going to rise at Globe one ; but he was never sworn to his evidence;
hoe was the other boy William who was next called to speak against
tee lather. This boy stated that he went to hip father's house, who
told bon that the negroes were going to rise, anti that he moat take
can of himself and keep out of the way. His master, Mr./lobate,
'eked him if he thought the negroes would rise; he told him yes.
• He then asked him (witnesa) if he though; the negroes would kill !
Illext (the master); the boy said he did not think so, but advised
hen to go on hoard the ship. There was, hooey, r, a very material
evetrailictinn between this boy's evidence and that of Nat. for they
were ("needy opposed tench other. On the fact of the prisond'a
being present at the meetings. Ned described that the prisoner was
present at the night of the conspiracy ; but the boy evi.
deed, stated that he did not see his father 'mime the negroes. The
privoner in his defence said he thought his eon William was • run.
away, and scolded him ; he (the primmer) always attended his
week. 0111 his master supplied him with clothes and victuals, as he
WWI an old man, but upon the evidence of the boy Ned. and of the
son, unicorn, unsuprurted, and unsafe as it was. the Jury did not
entertain a doubt of the guilt of this prisoner; he was found
meaty, which was approved by the Government. and the old man
was sentenced to be hanged by his neck till he was dead. (Hear,
hear, hear.) It appeared that in the progress of these inquiries
some other evidence come forward which principally affected the
prisoner ilemy Nibbs. The fint witne's c.iltea against him was
Ares Nabbs ; he (Mr. Denman) took her to he either the daughter
cr the sister of the prisoner, but that tin did not appear. lid
evidence did not go to ti o merits of the David %Valle was
dam examined, but his evidence did not implicate the prisoner.
But in order to Fitton that this party was guilty of conspiracy, they
then called up Mary, the slave of George Merrilles. Eel. who said
that she was a native of St. Domingo. that she knew the prisoner,
and that she wee his wife. (Hear, bear, hear.) Sr that first the
son was milted to convict the father, and then the wife was called to
convict the husband! (Hear. hear, hear.) She then stated name
facts of a very improbable nature, but even if they were taste they
*twee no use at all against her husband ; and yet he was sentenced
to be hanged. From the tint te the last there was nothing In an
ore of these cases, supposing all that was sworn to was tree, which
made out in the slightest degree a case of conspiracy. All the
pigeons who might have confirmed the whatever', it they spoke
truth, were kept back, and there were direct contradictions in the
evidence that was received. He would not go threitgh the whole of it
to support this assertion, bat would mention or.e instance as a proof.
Thereweas this sort cf contradiction between the boy Ned and the
wommi' Senhy estimated on Nibbs's trial : Neil said that the
repots had intended in rise on the day before Christmas-day, but
that they altered the day in consequence of his saying to them on
Saturday that there would be a guard out on Christ =neve. Sophy
and that the alteration had been already announced to her on the
Friday. ',venom the alteration could not have been the result of
tee fact stated by the boy. There were vedette other contradita
:tons such as that with regard to the num'eer of outliners seen in
tee possession of the men. There Was not one tact indeed
of tiny degree of importance in which some considerable contradic-
tion was not introduced. There nu a very great departure from
tee story told by the boy on the lint cranium and that which he
afterwards told at the trial. Upon these trials eight imlivitluals
• were executed in coneteptence of the letter of Colonel Cox to Mr.
Delloce:, the Secretary to the Governor. ('olonel Cox was the
commander of a militia regiment in that quarter of the island, and
was called upon to put down the conspiraciee. Ile stated that he
thought it abrolutely remoter! for the Palely of the parish that
tee prisoners should be immediately put upon their trial, not for
the purpose of coming at the truth, and to satisfy justice, but for
the purpose of example. In his letter, which was dated the 20th of
Deeernbrr. he said, Everything is at present perfectly quiet, and
trust will remain so. I thought it my duty 141 insist on die 'melee
trates trying the negroes that had been taken immediately, and to
send their etch anal %entente express, as it will in my opinion be
highly important for the safety of the parish, and probably the
• • blind, that they should he executed before the holidays, as an ex-
ample to the other emporia, and to prevent the danger of an escape
or an attempt to release them." In that spirit it was the:B.CM°.
-owl of the militia he wrote, and in that spirit it was that he after-
wards sat as Judge. Upon that letter the Governor ought to hare
pained, and be ought to have said, "This is not a report upon which
I will direct the execution of any men whatever." In every quar-
ter there was perfect quiet; nothing was discovered in the houses of
tidy of the negroes to justify a suspicion of any conspiracy being
about to break forth; no blow had been struck : however. notwith.
standing this, the Governor of Jamaica, to whom Mr. Cox thought
fit to send this letter. thought proper to carry the sentences into effect,
. and signed the warrant for the execution of these eight humor
twinge, and which, in a subsequent letter by ( olonel Cox to Mr.
Bullock,wai stated to have been immediately acted upon. This
letter was by no means en unimportant one. It was doted " In.
dainty, Dee. 25, 1a23," anti shoal that " the eight negrees
were executed yesterday with all due solemnity sin.) decorum."
(A laugh.) It then proceeded to say." Only one of the wretches
theme hear, hear) confessed to the Rev. 3lr. fiend that it was
their intention to have burnt Frontier works and Pon Maria, and
• killed the whites; but none would mention any other negroes
cno-
cerned with them, or show any symptoms of religion or repentance.
They all declared they would die like men • they met their fate with
perfect indifference, and one laughed at the clergyman, Mr. Cook,
when he attempted to exhort him under the gallows." He (Mr.
Denman) should like to have had Mr. Girod's account of this
affair; he should be glad to have possessed Mr. Cook's statement
of it when this inflamed and exaggerated report was made. (Hen,
hear, hear.) This was the sequel of the history of the trials at St.
Mary's, originating first with a son, who thntttht proper, in order to
save himself from correction, to tell a story about a conspiracy ; he
• then connected it with his father. and although there wax nothing to
confirm his statement, eight persons were put upon trial without
Counsel, without preparation, and were convicted, sentenced, and
exteitted, all within the short space of eight days. (Hear, hear,
(tears This was one of the instance% of the sad condition of the
West India Colonies, of the perversion of power, and of the ig-
norance rind passion with which justice was there administered :
and a pregnant proof of the mode in ellen) the guilty might hope
to escape the punishment they &served. The next case to which
he would call the attention of the House was the trials of the con-
spirator.% at St. James's. The head eonspinuor and leader of tha
insurrection was a poor lame boy, named Trelewney, who hovered
about the workhouse. and who was suspected, because he talked in
ems or two instance.: about KingWilbeeforee, and of his being free;
that buy and some other were sentenced to transportation, but
their punishment was commuted by die Governor to imprisonment,
Trelawney being confined for three menthe, and the rest for one
month, to hard {about. The Duke of Manchester was perfectly
right in stating that there was nothing in this can at all like a con-
eiptrecy, but only a talking about being free. The third case was
the trials of the conspirators at sir. George's. The principal en.
dance in this case was a negro man slave of the name of Corberand,
belonging to Mullet Hall plantation, who had been compared to
Titus Oases with regard to the history of his life. In his first ex-
amination be knew nothing at all ; lie stated a few facts which
anybody might hare known; and he dined his deposition—
" Further this deponent saith not." But the conspiracy of Unity
Hall got up by this man was quite equal to the inventions of Titus
Oates. One person was, however, executed upon the evidence
of this witness alone. tint in the last instance or careeeene
there was a great difference between hint and Time laces. It ap-
peared ill the papers that came from the Howe of Assembly at Ja-
n/4101, that the witnesses, Mat and Corberand, had been directed
to be removed front the inland. This was a sort of imputation not
greatly to their credit and respectability, hut still it might not af-
ect their evidence; that, however, was effected in another manner,
and it was finally ordered that they should be removed from the
island—s son of rentaling not proper to be adopted senora con-
duct so ;noes as they had been guilty of. These two personae
thought proper to use the name of Mr.lnceene; a name which had
. bent much discussed in this House, and which had resulted greatly
to his hotemir. Ile was charged by thee' men under circum-
stances which it was impossible coold be true, because he had on
end of the occasions proved an aliei off the island, and at the other
time be was in prison with the exception of a taw days. 1S ith re-
gard to their knowledge of him, their intercourse with him, and the
encouragement he was supposed to have given them, there was
the most gross, palpable, and constantly contradictory evidence.
There waanne ease more, which was the rising of certain negroes in
the parish of Hanover, in the month of July 11124, and in which it
was not denied that something real, something in the shape of in-
surrection, and some appearance of disturbance, had existed. And
he must say that it these poor persons hail been Informed, as
this House was now, of the manner in which their fel-
. lows had been sent out of the world, it would have been
contrary to human nature if they had not felt strongly agairst
the Government that hail been guiliy of such violence. But
in point of fact the whole of what happened at Hanover was trace-
able to some misconduct on the part of the managers of the estate,
in abridging the tnen of the enjoyment of their usual. holiday. All
• tips trials of then men at Hanover estate referred to One disputes,
and not to discontent, to a general disposition to rise, or to any re-
bellious intention. These were the four cases which he had thought
proper to bring under the consideration of the House. All the
charges in all of them were supported, without exception, by the
evidence of slaves ; no fact was depcsed to by a freeman e nothing
WSJ received from a person capable of judging of what an oath was,
of of the oh herein. which Justice inland. He would now allude to
what had been done in the Moose of Assembly at Jamaica. with re.
terrine to this question of evidence. It had bent objected last night
that a great deal of improper opposition had been shown in thatAe.
tenthly to the Dill that was proposed. No Dill was ever brought
into the House of Parliament with greater strength than that
offered to the I:onside/aeon of the House of Assembly. It was
introduced by the Father of the Ilouse, Mr. Stewart, Custos of
Mialownee. Ile was not going back 10 years in the history of
the Colonies, but they bail the evidence of this restmetable gentle-
man of facts passing every dim under the observation of the
A.sernbly, and who still had the nerve to reject the Dill. Mr.
*tour( related the case M a woman who had Ind her neck
twisted oft', but the mum who did it could not be brought to
trial ; not because there was no proof, for the fact was whinnied
by several negroes, but because that evhlenee was not legal (Hear.)
Stewart then asked, bed they nut another fact within their
sin knowledge? That in this tuwn (liingetun) a white map, a

monster of cruelty, had shut up and eeneratio.or unfortunate I
.female slave from the light of heaven, on w practised the i
most unheard-of tortures, marking her with a Ault iron, such
as was used for branding cattle. and burning and mutilating her
in the most shocking manner. Us trusted In die defective sate of
the law fur safety (hear, hear); for he knew that the evidence of
the poor unfortunate being could net he received against him.
Dot it happened, providentially for the ends of iustice. that
a young man who was tree was passing the hoes., and observed a
smoke issuing from the window. lie accordinglywent towards it,
and there became is eye-witness ,'f the barbarous cruelty
inflicted on this pour creature. The off:rider. whose name was lice,
was inconsequence of this accident convicted and punished. (Hear,
hear.) Mr. 'Mils, the custos of St. Andrew's. also mentiunrsi an in.
stance where a female slave happened to pass a person who had
been out shooting. and the dog having offended him he was about
to shoot at ...int. The poor woman begged he would not do so :
" What !" 61111 he. " I will shoot you if you are not quiet," and
with vete little ceremony levelled the min at her and lodged its
contents in her side. This w:s done in the face of day. and known
to many persons; but, as they were all shires, their evidencecould
not be received. ( Hear, hest.) The Hight llottourable Gentle-
man oppos:te OIL Canning) lied observed that he was surprised at
the opposition given by the Assembly to the Bill. enfoeced by such
appeals as these to their humanity t but he ( Mr. Denman) felt
4101 t there was great strength in the arguments used on the other
aide of the House of Assembly. A Member hail referred to a fact
of a nature calculated to arrest attention. e peaking of the want of
veracity no the pelt of the negroes, it was answered that many per-
sons in the mother.coentry were ignorant of the obligation an oath
imposed: to which this Gentleman replied that that might be su,
but still in Englard every man was. trained up to the principles of
Christianity. and had the Influence of example daily bafore them,
and the beauty of veracity and the solemnity of an oath were there-
fore strongly impressed upon their minds; the detection of false-
hood was easy. the workings of the mind being discernible even
in their countenances. It was not so with tnt slave, who was

unaccustomed to feel the influence of a good ex ample, and whether
from his colour or other causes. the workings of his mind were not

..... _.......
,hscemible in his features. Ile (Mr. Denrnant dirt not mcan to
- - • • -

assent to this last proposition. but undou'oedly he felt the force of
the argument. that much danger might arise from an indiscreet ad-
mission of the evidence of slaves. It was argued by another Mem-
ber of the Assembly, diet when the slave should hate been in-
structyd in the truths of Christianity, and when he should have
aeouhld alow-feeling for the human race. then they might
begin:to %mental that monition. And accordingly the Order in
Council issued by Government approached it under such modifies.
dons as to iodate many to think it almost a neutral measure: but
lie (Mr. Denman) thought the regulations that Order embraced
want as far as the Govertunent in prudence could have gone. It
seemed to him that the whole secret of the question was let out in
the speech made by Mr. llislop, in the discussion of the Bill In
the Assembly. That Gentleman said tt be was a friend to the
slaves, and would not yield to any man., be he who he might, in
humane feelings towards the slave ; but he would fancy a slave
under the sanction of the measure now proposed, giving evidence
in the adjoining room, and immediately afterwards that very slave
thus examined might be sent to the workhouse at the caprice of his
master, and receive a flogging;" he (Mr. Penman) would ask the
House which of these two cases "multi bernost tangible to the negro
mind ? He thought nobody could fail to feel that the influence of
the cart whip must be predominant, and that all the influence
of metaphysical and moral principles must give way to the au-
thority of the .nester. But if this be so, what were they to
think of all the Courts of Justice in which (even contrary to
their own principles) slaves were called upon to depose against
slaves? Unaccustomed, uninstructed. and unqualified—subject to
the authority of the muter in every thing, literally not daring to
say their soul was their own—bending their consciences, and yield-
ing up their very faculties to such an authority, alto could venture
to entrust beings like thole with an unqualified tower to depose to
facts touching the lite or limb of a single fellow-creature ? Vet it
was upon the evidence of such men as these that no less than
persons were executed. Was this a state of things that ought to be
prolonged? If any Gentlemen agreed in the rejection of that
Bill, if any were present who thought now that it ought not to be
agreed to, it was for them above all others to renounce the conduct
of the Courts of Justice who had been guilty on their own prin.
clples of an enormity so insufferable as this. If he were asked what
I was the remedy fur all this, he would say that the remedy was: but
one simple in its operation and simple in its nature; it was the entire
extinction of shivery. (Hear.) There could be no other. Look at
the slave under every other condition, 'tad see whether the Winer-
:Mon did not apply. Ile came before a jury who were not his peers
but his masters. If he appealed it was in ruin, and he was carried
to execution, denying to the last moment of hie life that he had
been guilty of those acts of which he had been convicted, upon mi.
dence which by the authority of the Court and upon their own
principles was inadmissible. Then, what was their last resource?
Religion. But how little did they know of this ! Had not the
House been told that the slaves who were cam:cicala St. Mary's
rejected all religious coaolation, and that one of them laughed at
the clergyman under the gallows? Good Cod! was this to be
wondered at? il'hen the Ministers of the Gospel taught these
poor ignorant men that God was no respecter of persons, and still
they were held in bondage, might they not say, " you tell us
the basis of the anal system should be that man should
do as he would be done by, and yet you call us slaves ?"
Under such circumstances, what progress could Christianity make
in the minds of the negroes ? lie was told that the slaves In the
Colonies were not ignorant of the principles of the Christian reli-
gion, and that those who were executed had died repentant; but
yet they must either reject that religion on account of the source
from whence they acquired their knowledge of its principles, or
else they must hold their masters in detestation, who profess to
believe while they violate every doctrine which it inculcates.
These were the circumstances which compelled him to wish for
the abolition of slavery : but God forbid that he should advocate
any precipitate or hasty measures towards attaining that object.
(In the contrary, it was his wish that the white man should be se-
cured by every precautionary protection which could be afforded,
confident as he was that the security of the planter, so far from
diverting the prospect of ftecdom, would only render its enjoy-
ment more perfect to the slave. It was of the highest importance
that that House should be informed of what was going on in
the Colonies, in order that if any atrocity was perpetrated under
the colour of the law, it might exercise a wholesome and judicious
interference. (Cheers.) The Hon. and Learned Gentleman then
moved a resolution to the following effect :
" That this House having token into their consideration
the accounts laid before them of the judicial proceeding,. in Ja-
maica on the trials of slaves for rebellious conspiracy and other of-
fences in die years 18%i and 11t24. deem it their duty to express in the
strongest terms the sorrow and indignation with which they con.
template the perversion of law anti violations of justice displayed
in those trials; they deeply lament the precipitation with which
sentence of death, wholly nnwarranted by proof, was in several
instances carried into execution : and they cannot refrain from de-
claring their conviction of the -necessity of an immediate and
effectual reform in the administration of criminal justice Minting
slaves in that island."
Mr. W. HORTON then rose, but from the noise In the gallery
we lost his first sentence. Ile said that the Honourable and
Learned Gentleman who bad just sat down could not express a
sentiment in which he could more warmly join him, than in that
of wishing that the West India slaves might be emancipated at the
earliest possible period compatible with a du: caution for the safety
of the planters ; for however ameliorated might be the condition of
the slave, there still roust exist evils inseparable from a state of
slavery, which could only be cured by its total abolition. It was
not his intention to waste the time of the Haute by going Into un-
necessary details, but if they would indulge him with their
tion fur a short time, he hoped he should be enabled to satisfy them
I that it would not be right to concur in the modem which was sub-
mitted for their consideration. These was one observation made
I by the Honourable and Learned Gentleman td which he should
first apply himself—lie had stated that in these proceedings the
law had been violated. In reply to this he would commence by
stating a series of facts, which would, he thought, prove sufficiently
that such had not been the case. It was evident that the Duke of
Manchester and the Government of Jamaica were convinced that
rebellious intentions were prevalent throughout the whole of the
northern coast of the Island, fur under that impression it was that a
reinforcement of troops had been demanded from this country. He
-sessauer that the House would give full consideration to the awful
altllAtiOW in which that Nobleman was placed,' with forces totally
inadequate to the expected emergency, and the minds of the slave
population irritated by the supposed fact that the benevolent in-
tentions of the Government of this conatry towards them had been
frustrated by the weal authorities of the island. The fact was that
in St. George's and in St. Mary's a rebellious conspiracy haul ac-
tually been detected. (Hear, hear.) He would ask the lion. and
Learned Gentleman so refer to the confession of Jack prior to his
execution, and he would then wish to be inlimued what motive he
could have, under such circumstances and in such a Situation, upon
the very eve of eternity, to tell a falsehood. ‘Vould the House be-
lieve
that lie had done so? The Honourable and Learned Gentle.
man had referred to the evidence of rebellion in the case of Mr.
alalculm's n ; but he (Mr. W. Horton) would ask him it
lie was awareettrililes
there was nothing irregular in the manner in
which those trials were conducted ? Ile would ask him if he was
aware of the law under which those trials were carried on ? and if
so he would ask him why that House was to pass a vole of censure
against the adminiatrators of the in+, because the law itself was ex-
cessively severe and required alteration. (hear, hear.) The law
which authorised those proceedings was passed in the year 1317,
and although the goodand buinene feeling which prevailed ties coun-
try might revolt at its severity, yet those who acted according to
Its dictates should be held excused for acting up to the harshness of
that law which they were compelled to administer. By the 45th
section of that law, all negrues concerned in rebellion, murder,
felony, housebreaking, and other offences of magnitude, were
punishable with death. All negroes in whose possession were
found fire-arms, swords, powder, or ball, were also liable
to the penalty of death. The Hurt. and Learned Gentleman had
said that those penults had not been condemned to death according
to the law, but in this he was mistaken, for according to the evi.
dence of the woman Sophy their crime came under die cognizance
of the section of the law which he heal quoted. Site spoke to the
feet of their being in possession of gunpowder and ball. He did
not mean to concur in the justness of that law ; he did not conceive
it to be good or proper, but he would contend that it would not be
altogether just to condemn those who acted upon it in a time of
cr,ergency mid alarm. By the same law all secret and unlawful
meetings were punishable with death, as were also unlawful oaths,
learning military exercises and drinking blood mixed with ruin and
gunpowder, though in some instances a discretionary power was
left with the executive to mitigate that punishment to transportation
tor life. As a commentary upon the evils attendant upon a state of
slavery, he begged to inform the Hen. and Learned Gentleman
that this Act, apparently so excel/duly severe, was yet passed fur

THE BRITISH PRESS

the purpose of amending an Act passed in the year 1750. He
mentioned this circumstance in order to show, the feeling of danger
which prevails at all times amongst the planters in the slave colo-
nies. The Act of 11117, which he had jnst minted in part, had re-
ceived die sanction of his Majesty for very sufficient reasons. An
individual who held a situation in the office to which he (Mr. W.
Horton) had the honour to belong, and whose illness he had
to regret, because he felt• himself thereby deprived of assist-
ance truly valuable—he (51r. Wilmot Horton) alluded to Mr.
Stephen, son to the Master in Chancery of that name—this
gentleman, in his commentary upon that Act, said that it
containzel many clauses beneficial to 'the stave popalat:on,
and it the Royal sanction were to be withbefdt•tbe slaves, would lose
essential benefits by *recurrence to tile former law. The Hon. and
Learned Gentleman bad stated that all of those who had 'been
mewed for rebellions transactions in Jamaica had died without
confessing, but the reverse of this had been stated by Mr. Cox, for
he said that one of them had confeseed. The lion. and Learned Gen-

denten had held un Mr. Cox to the Hour, ns a pers,todestittite of all
feeling, whereas Mr. C. was the very person who had brought in the
Act depriving the Slave Court of the power of inflicting the pu-
nishment of death without the sanction of the Executive. There
was one expression In Mr. Cox's letter which he could wish had
been avoided. In alluding to the negroes, he designated them as
wretches. lie (31r. W. Horton) had notwithstanding high aJtilo.
rity for stating that be was a worthy man, and that a more humane
master to his slaves was not to be met with in Jainaiea—he thought
ton some apology could be found for the expression in the state of
excited feeling incident to an apptihcnaloa that the negroes had an
intention of riving himself and his family to death. The Hon.
and Learned Gentleman bad attributed the St. Mary'a conspiracy

„ -
to the invention of a boy who had been beaten, and who had in
consequence got up a story. He would leave all commentary upon
that evidence to those who were more capable to discus.; the subject

than himself, but yet he could not suffer the observation to pass
without declaring at once that it was morally impossible that such
an hypothesis could he maintained. All that he meant to contend
foe was, that those trials.had been carried on according to the law
of the Island, and with
.perhaps more than the usual Natty of evi-
dence. An unfortunate prejudice existed in the minds of the plan.
errs that danger mustoecerwarily accrue upon any alteration of the
law,and therefore it was that they were opposed to the removal from
the statute book of an act applicable to a direrent race of beings,
he might say, from the present negroes—applicable, in short, to
those negrnes who were first dragged to those colonies from the
coast of Africa. He hoped. however, that ere long p!actice and
custom must give way to a MOM btunsne code of legislation. ( !lean
hear.) The Hon. and teamed Ikatleman had stated also that
manumission and money was the rite ard of the required informa-
tion. To this he should only reply, that the Duke of Manchester
had directly denied the alleged fact. With regard to the restriction
under which negro evidence was admissible in courts of jus-
tice, he could only say that that restriction was made ex.
pressly with the view of getting the slaves to attend re.
,ligious worship, and to receive religious Instruction. It
was supposed that the hope of a certificate of qualification to give
evidence would operate as a stimulus to the attainment of Christian
principles and knowledge. With respect to the effect to be produced
by the motion of the Hon. and Learned Gentleman, he must be
aware that a legit Commission had been appointed by the House
for the purpose of inquiring into that very subject. The distinction
which he wished to impress upon the House was that which existed
between an objectionable law, which might perhaps have been
I suited to former times, anti the moms who had acted under that
law—who had lived under it, and had reused to view it as execrable
from custom and habit, sad who therefore were not deserving of
I the censure which was contained in the motion before the House.
He trusted the House would believe that the Duke of Manchester
and the assembly believed in the existence of the plot, and ;eking
into consideration his deep responsibility, they would feel convinced
that he could hare no other motive than the preservation of the
colony. (Hear. hear.) I; any lion. Member had ever been pre-
sent during a trial in .Jamaica, and had witnessed the manner in -
which they were conducted, he would know that there was as much
in the manner in which evidence was given as in the evidence
itself—independent of this circumstance the Duke of Manchester
had stated that the trials were scandalouily reported. And he (M r.
Horton) should therefore say that upon such evidence the House
ought not to proceed. Ile admitted that there might be a degree of
laxity or looseness about the evidence; hot that was to be attri-
buted to the law and not to the Judge ofthe;Tury. Thr.t there was
a conspiracy at St. Georgen was placed beyond a doubt, for Jack
had declared upon his trial that hlanhemy had 36 guns—at least
that he had six mole, each of which carried six guns; and this one
feet justified the infliction of the punishmept of death according to
the provisions of the Slave Act. It was not because a rebellious
conspiracy existed in July, that heshould contend that another ex.
imed in December; but he would contend that the first conspiracy
displayed a feeling according to which an estimate might be formed
of the nature of subsequent overt acts. The Honourable and
Learned Gentleman NU —nttributed the rebellion amongst Mr.
Malcolm's negroes to Mintage, to teleg calleffupon to work upon
a day set apart fur recreation; but the fact was, that it was no un-
common thing to do that upon every estate throughout the Island ;
but if such was really the caused that conspiracy, how was it that
the negroes of Alexandria and of Golden Grove made common
cause with the slaves of Mr. Malcolm ? In his opinion, however,
he believed that that conspiracy was the result of an unfortunate
impression upon the minds of themegmes that injustice had been
exercised towards them He felt convinced that such impressions
I must continue in the minds of the slaves, sinless steps were taken
for the improvement of their condition ; but, in proportion as that
improvement took place, that House would Sear less anti lessof
negro plots and conspiracies, all CALM of dissension recedit:g as their
present ignorance gave place to the influence of Christianity. Under
these circumstances he could not consent to the resolution before the
House, the consequences of which, if agreed to, might be more fatal
11 I than was at present possible to foresee. 110CIICT to be deplored were
the transactions which were then the subject of debate, it appeared
thdt the law (such as it was) had not teen violated; it appeared
that a rebellion did exist. and that the Duke of Manchester had
felt it necessary to make an example, in order to prevent the inter-
ference of the military, which might be followed by scenes of pil-
lage and murder to an incalculable extent. lie trusted that the
House would pause before it consented to a measure which could
not fail to stir up the feelings of the white population of Jamaica.
and render them unfit to receive, as could be wished, the measures
which his Right Honourable Filetid (Mr. Canning) was about to
send out for their adoption. The House was not to consider whe-
ther substantial justice had been done (hear, hear. from the Oppo-
sition Benches), but whether an example was necessary. In this
country men were frequently. put to death for crimes which had
nothing extraordinary in their character, and which generally were
visited with trivial punishments: but at times it was found requl.
site (whether on account of their frequent recurrence or other causes)
to make an example of the offenders. The rebellion at Hanover
bore-a strong analogy to that at St. George's, and he must observe
that the circumstance of a witness giving different testimony suhse.
quest to the trials was no proof that his original testimony was
false. In those instances it was clear that rebellion had existed,
and the offenders had been punished according to the law existing
in Jamaica ; and he therefore hoped that the House would not visit
upon the Executive the faults of the law under which they acted.
The lion. Gentleman here quoted from a paper which he held in
his hand a vivid description of an enraged horde of negroes; it dc.
=flied them as bloodthirsty savage., capable of every crime—mad
and ferocious, 'tattering destruction everywhere within their range
—torurirg, or. at interval; of mercy, .changing torture into mar-
der--Marching in bodies, whit an infant held transfixed upon a
bayonet in their front, and imbruing their hands indiscriminately
in the blood of all whom they supposed to be their enemies. This
picture might be correct, said the NOM Gentleman, as to former
periods of history, but could not be spoiled to the present, and he
only quoted the passage to display the state of feeling on the part
of the planters as to what might occur if the slaves were released
,from the rigid state of control in whirls they are at present held.
In conclusion, he expressed a hope that the House would not take
that opportunity of patoing a censure upon the Authorities at Ja.
maim ; and, in that hope, lie proposed us an amendment :
" To leave out all the words nner the word ` that,' and nth%
this House sees, In the proccedinset which have been brought
under its consideration with respect to the hoe trials of Mayes in
Jamaica; further proofs of the evils inseparably attendant upon
a state of Flattery, and derives therefrom increased conviction of the
propriety of the resolutions pressed by this House on the 1601 of
ay, I= :—llut that however desirable it is that the law under
eakialaahaJate idols took place should be amended, it does not ap-
pear to this House to he expedient or warm impeach sentences
passed by a competent tribunal upon persons brought to trial ac-
cording to law, and convicted by a Jury impanelled anti sworn to
give a verdict according to the evidence laid before them."
' The Honourable Member then sat down amidst general cheers.
Mr. F. BUXTON said that the lion. Gentleman who had just
sat down had deprecated any language which could keep alive an
excited feeling, whereas he (hlr. -)Buxton) rejoiced in such discus.
sloe. The Hon. Gentleman would not assent that all was as it
should be in Jamaica, but he said that to the people of this country,
whet* justice is equally and -wisely administered, the proceedings
of the Courts in that part of the world must frequently appear to
be atrocious, but that great allowances were to he made for the
situation in which the planters were placed. The tact, however,
was, that where slavery existed justice could not exist. In proof
of this position he would first cite the murder of the missionary
Smith. Next came the massacre of the negroes at Demerara, who
viere guilty of nothing but a desire to know what this country had
done towards their emancipation. Then followed the deportation of
the mulattoes; and tartly came the Berhice papers, which of them.'
selves dere a sufficient proof of the position he had adopted. Ile was
however prepared to show that no plot at all existed, either at St.
George's or St. Mary's. He would first call the attention of the House ,
to the conspiracy, as it was called, at St. George's, which conspiracy
was supported by three witnesses—Mat. Corberaial, and Hypolite.
The latter of these had the character of being a great liar from his
master, and front his master's son ; and lie had previously been
robbing the very person against whom he appeared to give teed-
mon,. As, however, his evidence was not very important, he would '
pass it over, and apply himself to Corberand. He would undertake
to show that Corberand had given false testimony, and this by re.
ference only to his owe testimony. In the 111th page of the vises,
mirlollells, he says that he went accidentally to the meeting of the
ctinenirators. His words ate," hearing a noise, I went." Bet in',
the efith page, he declares that he went on purpose `• to take the
swear." Ile also said that he was appointed clerk, while he declares
that he did nut know the duties of hts Mutation. In page 133 he
says that upon his sprroach the conspirators said. " here mires
our clerk;" and yet he declares that that was tha first time of his
going there, and the night following the last. In page 101, however.
he asserts that they met every week for a year preceding. In ifeo:her
fr instance,
tn teem tohe 'l4l
ys that he saw a negro cut his finger ; and afterwards
he saw him cut his arm, and mix the blood with rum and gunpowder
Milt. Ile also spoke ors magician, who was to render
them int uhterable by rnbbing theta with a brush, and who was to

catch the musket-halls that might be discharged at them by the mi-
litary. The inconsistency of Curberand was also manifest in many
instances. For this witness stated that James Thompson was the
matt who first drank the blood and rum, and in page 119 of the Re.
port he contradicted this statement, by the asse.sion that Henry
Oliver was the person who gave the first example in drinking the
blood and rum. It was alleged in one part of the evidence, that
the conspirators were anxious to pr: vent any person not concerned
front seeing what was going forward ; and in another place this
same witness represents them as totally regardless of caution in
their movements, that they were proceeding without any apprehen-
sion, beating time to the sound of the drum, &c. Ile also said
there were not six persons present. Such Was the inconsistency of
Corberand's evidence. Of the same nature was the testimony of
Mat. This witness stated that thete were several persons present.
in contradiction to the other evidence. Mat had also mentioned
that he was, at Christmas, at Balearras; and in the course of his
statement he denied that he was there at that time. The Hon.

Member here expressed • desire to iht:w the ahstracts of evidence
which he hod been quoting to any Gentleman In the House .who
felt desirous to satisfy himself of the correctness of the extracts
which he had adduced. The lion. Mentber then asked what con.

tradictions might not be expected bone those witnesses, if they
were erman.examined by professional persons, instead of being sub-
ject merely to the interrogatories of ignorant fellow-staves. As a
specimen of the style of this mode of eteminatimi, the Hon. Gen-
tleman read from the evidence the following:—" Prince, no busi-
ness in matters; wood, furnish, fear; I. B. C. brought word;
never mustered ; Jack !SW him at lialearras, mode hoops. 31. Pl.
gave Ct. to negroes to do work though in the wood. B. P., 31u1.
H., Leo, gun ; knows I. B. Corberand put bit in mouth to get
free; broke he neck; never let master's property; when at lime
worked ; at woad made baskets for salt." Now, asked the Hon.
Member, who could expect from persons who knew not how to
conduct an examination in any better way than the mode he had
eeemplifical, that they should be able to detect the inconsistencies of
a mewed evidence, or even the most flagennt violations of tenth ?
There was indeed one part 6f the quotation which he had made,
which, if it had been attended to, would have been sufficient to
save the accused from the effects of the testimony. Ile meant that
expression of the " bit in mouth I" for it was a matter of su-
perstitious belief among those poor creatures that a slave who gave
evidence with a bit of silver in his mouth wns exempt (horn all the
penalty and guilt of perjury. The existence of thin credulity was
proved afterwards in the case of this same witness Corberanti, who
was discovered in the act of giving his evidence with a bit of silver
in his mouth. The consequence of this discovery was, Wit no
credit was given to any evidence which that man subeetvintly
proffered. Fhe Hon. Member then refereed to the Duke of Man.
cheeter's opinion on (as we underetnort) the conviction of thlitteen
prisoners belonging to the parish of St. James. This opinion was,
to substance. for be (Mr. Buxton) had not a memorandum—that
it had appeared to give particular %%helm-don. The Duke of
Manchester afterwards, at Montego Bay, said that he had not dis-
covered any cause to bring them in guilty of any offence. As to
the witnesses, a boy had stated that a certain individual was not
at a particular place, and afterwards retracted, and alleged that lie
was. Ile thought it was extremely objectionable that a boy not
sworn should be allowed to give evidence against his tether's life.
The strongest objection was, that the witness was not sworn.
The ATTORNEYAIENERAL said, across the table, that
the strongest objection in his mind was, that the witness had not
been sworn; for that the evidence given under such circumstances
was against the principles of the English law.
Mr. BUXTON continued, and said that though be ceneurred
in thinking that to he the strongest objection, yet it was not the
only one; for the second objection consisted in the fact that the
witness was a thief; the third objection against him was that lie
had been an accomplice; and the fourth objection was, that the
evidence was altogether incredible. in this latter point lie had
stated. as a fact, that he, though a stranger, had gowe into the
meeting of the crenepiraters, and that he persuaded them to
change their resolutions. That was, on the very face of it a
glaring falsehood. The boy swore that there were considerable
numbers present at the meeting; and tha man's evidence was, that
there were not more than six. Another variance was, that the
one said there were plenty of women, and the other asserted there
were none. The only evidence in corroboration was that of Mr.
Gore, who stated that he got up one night; that he saw two
negros in white, and that he heard them say " It would not do ;"
but what it was that would not do he could nut ascertain. But
after he had slept over the business he thought it requisite to send
information of the circumstance in a few days. Now this evidence
regarded an offence committed on the 17th, and the next morning
the parties had been tried. Another part of the evidence went to
prove, not that there were guns found, but that there was a place
where the guns might have been cuncettled. It was also stated in
the evidence that there was no ammunition. but that there was a
basket in which powder and balls might have been kept. If, in.
stead of balls. he had said ball, he might have been right. His
Hun. Friend the Under Secretary Mr the Colonies had meted that
most important confessions were made by the parties convicted ; yet
the account which was given of them said that t• of all the wretches
who had been executed yesterday only one showed any signs of re-
pentance." Much stress was laid on their want of repentance. Perhaps
it was expected that as the slaves were usually imprisoned for their
masters, they might also perform acts of repentance under tne sane
idea. But now they were charged with a want of Clitistiati feeling
and of Christian faith ; but if they did expire in the hardened man.
ner alleged, who were to be blamed but the masters that deprived
the slaves of the power of deriving benefit from the influence of reli-
gion? Something was said about other evidence, but the man did
not give any evidence, for if lie did, it would have appeared after
Mr. Gore 11. The want of proper evidence was a glaring defect on
the trials of the unfortunate slaves. There was only one in the an-
minis of English conspiracies which could be compared to the prin.
ciple of the present. That instance had been already alluded to by
his Hon. and Learned Friend (Mr. Denman). It was the ease of
the Popish Plot. At first Titus Clete* knew nothing of the matter,
but on the following day he became suddenly enlightened
with intelligence on the subject. A similar process affected the
hiforreation of Beeline. It would not be difficult to form a parity
between those Informers and Corberand. But the rewards which
Hume, in his history of the Popish plot, stated to be so efficacious
in openitig the mouths of Oates and Bedlee, were not without their
due result In the present instance. That the impression of remu.
neretion was prevalent on the occasion might be deduced from the
evidence of witeessee.. The testimony of Betty Bond stated that
the idea entertained of giving evide tee was, that those who deliver.
ed any evidence in the case were to be made free, anal to be pro-
vided for during the remainder of their lives. What was not to be
expected from such temptation? The greatest reward, his liberty,
was proposed to the person whose degraded situation, while it ten.
dared the recompense most desirable, prevented him front appre-
ciating the moral and religious sacrifice for which it was bartered.
From every view of the subject, it appeared to him necessary that
the House should proceed to an as owal of its detestation of the pro.
ceedings which had occurred on the occasion in question at Ja-
maica. An expression of its feelings to that effect was absolutely
indispensable, even for the sake of preserving the lives of the En-
glishmen who ore resident among those slaves. It was necessary
to allay that animosity which had been excited by such exasperat-
ing circumstances as had occurred.
The A'PTORNEV-GENERAL did not mean to justify the
proceedings which had had taken place in respect to the principles
of jurisprudence which they nianifeted. Ile by no means approved
of the system, but lie wished to state his opinion of the case, and
on the distinctions which were made on the subject. On point of
feeling he wan strongly opposed to the difference of the system which
prevailed in the {)-eat Indies with respect to the treatment of the
persons who might be the subjects of the law. lie could not con-
ceive why it was deemed proper to extend a distinct kind of treat.
ment to blacks and whiten in the colonies. Ile could net see any
cause for making a difference in time, form or circumstances of
legal proceedings, which did not apply to the evidence of a black in
the case of a fellow-black, as well as to the case of a white. But
the system would ultimately come to such an issue as that a slave
put on this trial should have the same benefit on a white. At the
present period the eistinctien was excessively grievous. For if a
white man was to be tried for any crime he would be informed of
the natureef the chnrge preferred agairst him. But that was a
benefit not possessed by the black. An Act of the Legislature had
indeed been passed at Jamaica to remedy this matter, and it was
thereby required that a J Age's order should be given for the pur-
pose, but it was known that this did not produce the deeired effect.
De did not mean to say that the proceedings were illegal, but the
parties accused were charged with rebellious conspiracies anti other
undetermined offences. 'Now it WWI stated by the Act that the
conspirators should be infeirined of the persona, of die,iime,.and of
the place of the alieged conspiracy. But when the question of
slaves' evidence was introduced. it was stated in the Legislative
Assembly ofJetnaica that the evidence of a slave was inadmissible
on account of the low moral character of slaves, who were con-
sidered incapable of forming any idea of the obligation widen such
a state imposed on them. But mark the inconsistency. When
a slave is to be tried, the same witness whose oath was refused in the
case of a white man is now accepted on his bare word. lie did not
mean to impute blame to those who acted according to the system
which preveiled, but he objected to the system itself as bad. In
the case of Cheeks Ware who was the witness ?—the *Lel William,
who was not sworn, because he was Incompetent to know the nature
of an oath, yet lie wan admitted to take away the life of his fellow-
slave. {Van it not unfair that the black and the white should thus
have a different measure of justice when the law of Jamaica
was founded on the same principles as the English code ?
It was said by the boy that was examined, that his tither had told
him different matters which. he detailed. This was allowed to be
the hew with respect' to white., but different in regard to blacks.
In what he had said he intended only to condemn the system, and
he felt satisfied that those persons who acted according to its prac-
tice, supposed they could not be doing wrong when they followed
an example, sanctioned by a amine of CM years custom in the
colony. As to the point of inconsistency, one witness had said
that there were few, and the other had stated there were many pre-
rent on the occasion of the conspiracy. It was however difficult
to judge from the report of the correctness of the proceeding'.
Those who were present must naturally see things in a letter light,
anti the consideration might reconcile the decision which was given
in die evidence. As to the evidence of the son against the fattier,
though he reprobatett the principle, yet he was aware that the sys.
tern was acted on in this country. lie knew a case where not only
a sett but a daughter also gage evidence alpinist the father. It
was also stated, that in another instarce which occurred at the'
Jamaica trial., the evidence of a wife was admitted against the
I ushand. He ;Trutt that en the occasion adverted to a foals
haul been examined. but nut the wife; for his Illonoitrahle Friend
opposite must be well aware that the practice of the place was, that
parties cohabiting lived together as man and wi.e. If she was Et
wife, he condemned the principle of admitting her evidence ; but if
she merely cohabited, her evidence would be taken even in Erg.
land. He did not state those matters in apemen' of the system,
Lot he thought that the House had not sufficient grounds to charge

those persons who had acted under it, that they did not believe the
existence of the conspiracy. From the letter written to Coined
Cox. and his answer, it was clear that he and his eorrespendents
were of an ()Onion in the affirmative. Some imputation* had been
madeht ot to
he p a
nyr chee ofTlo %
oCrothneel C l
ouosit,
e;buthe
e thath
idbeennffiee
eed :az
eiini
England, and yet, with all the prejudices that such an edoemi,,,,
might be supposed to convey, he believed the conspiracy to hart
existed. In the debate which occurred on the Queation is the
Legislative Assembly of Jamaica, Mr. Reynolds. whose feelinpand
sentiments were known to be in favour of the slave pnpulatlen, yet
admitted that misfortune compelled them to inetitute Poo. t
proceedings. In the trials of those at St. Mary, St. George, and
St. James, out of the 54 tried only 23 were convicted and the tot
were transported. No person could doubt that they were faith.
tried. Dubious witnesses were not allowed until corroborated. ThS
persons who acted in cunforinity with the prevalent system, how_
ever bad, should not be condemned to make an excuse for they
who slept at their pmt4 in that house. lle shuuld therefore agrn
in the amendment of his Hon. Friend.

Mr. W. HORTON explained.
Dr. LUSH INGTON said that if the points state] by
.he Hee
and Learned Gentleman (the Attorney-General) were true; if the
laws were fairly administered, then the House of Common!' had he
case to try. The argument of ths Hon. and Learned Gentlemen
went to state, that because the House could not know the cue,
ceps kg the information contained in erroneous reports: nee t,
should not proceed in concerning the proceedings ; but if this heft;
good, they could never take notice of distant effencea Here, if en
apprentice was treated unjustly, numbers were easily found nee,
to assist his cause; but if injustice should occur remottle,
should be allowed to sink into oblivion. It had been saidi
that the Duke of Manchester approved of the proceee
hip, which he thought correct (hear), but the Under Secretary of
:Stare did not state that the Duke of Mancheeter had the °ppm.
tunity of being told by the Chief Justice that the proceeding was
against the principle of British Law. He did not torso to accuse
the Duke of Manchester of any wilful error. but he certainly
thought him guilty of negligence in not taking the opinion of the
Chief Justice. Now as a specimen or the eridince it would be
suffieiecent to mine that one of the witne‘s gave evidence which,
was to this purport that he was Informed by Mr.tollmuptisnuitah:e
the proprietor of an estate had metitiened to him thee tha
driver had acquainted him with some particular fact which thee
ran the round of hearsay statement. also appeared tat the
expectation of liberty was entertained as a recemperem for giving
evidence. Eliza a Sugger heard a man say that he did not like
the spree, for several negroes would be Idle, and who wet to
give them the loaves and fishes. Them two instances* seemed
to him sufficiently indicative of the character of the evidence.
The Honoureble and Learned Gentleman (the Attorney-Generate,
after disapproving of the system, appears willing
practice which have grown oat of it. lint he thought that custom
was no sanction for a bad prudes. It was, indeed, denied by the
Under Secretary of State for the Colonies, that any appeaninceee
latberyeexisted in the circumstances of these transactions. Bet was
there not a discussion in the House of Assembly to teimboese ele
parish of St. Mary with 3761. for slaves belonging to that parish, wiz
centerreit great benefit on the colony. Now, if there wee my thing
more likely than another to prevent the useof Juries, it was be de.
duced from holding out this ham of freedom, the greivert for which
they could hope. Could any man living say that the conduct of the
Duke of Manchester, andoi theColonlal Gorernment. was not hidily
reprehineiblein these proceedings ? Men were convicted on theq gle
and contradictory testimony of one witness. Here one would at
least expect to sec some extension of mercy, yet instead of that
execution followed. Ilia Hon. and Learned Friend (the Atterney.
General) had said that the white population of the Colonies meth
not to be curtailed of their rights and liberties ; but these they still
possessed. They enjoyed the greatest liberty—they had the liberty
of confining to themselves every right and privilege, and of tree.
ing the remainder of the population with eeverili and injustice
But in the course of those proceedings, did any of the Magistrates
in the examination of the witnesses, even ask them—pray have yea
been promised your freedom as the price of your testimony ?—c,
why did you not reveal all this before? No, these questions wet
never asked, although they must have suggested themselves to pet.
sons willing to hearken to the suggestions of justice and humanity,
It appeared to him that in the admission, as well as the mambo.
tion of the witnesses, the principles of the English Constitatica
had been completely trampled under foot ; nor could he remember
to have heard any satisfactory reason advanced why the Holm
should set aside toe opinions expressed in the motion, and subetireg
the amendment. He would ask his lion. and Learned Trimd
whether it were not true that graves were dug beneath the gallows
at the execution, and whether the clergyman who attended d d art
offer to spare the lives of' any who would consent to make sem.
fession ; but this offer they all refuseti ? Thies he knew to be tree;
lie had learned it from an eye-witness. Again it was urged by
some gentlemen who were unwilling to place the black popels.
than on the same footinspas the whites with respect to evidence, that
owing to their ignorance and ill habits there was little reliance to
be placed on them. Why, then, was it said to them, if you tarn
King's evidence your lives shall be spared ? This was a most un-
merciful departure from principle ; it was allowing the negro his
rights only when they could prove prejudicial to him, He ens
aware how difficult it was to legislate between slaves and mutes.
The latter, too, were liable, in dealing with their negro dependent!.
to lose sight of what was deemed humanity towards the white,. Al.
lusion had been made to something which had been written by his
Honourable Friend behind him twenty year* ago, with a different
object. Ile would grant that nothing could be more deplorable
than the violence of an ignorant and enraged slave population ; but
however vividly his Honourable Friend had painted the (lamed
negro insurrection, he had never attempted to excite abborreotw of ,
the negro character. But what could be said of white men who
had been educated in the principles of the Christian religion, and
who, under the pretence of making salutary example, should sett
to wreak their vengeance on their weary and irritated dependems.
Nothing worse could be found in the history of St. Domingo, fell
as it was of horrors. Brian Edwards related that hem, two vic-
tims who were convicted and sentenced to be starred to death;
before the sentence was put in execution, these wreteles
were fed with a full meal; yet all this cruelty wts pry•
tised for the sake of setting an example. (Hest, hear, heed
If it was desirable to keep our colonies in tranquillity, or, to retain
them at all, they ought to be treated with justice and mercy. 1:
was not the nature of the negro to be restless and blood-thirsty.
For the proof of this it would be sufficient to look at Sierra lame.
We saw there a population of MOW blacks, collected from ?IfiNl
parts of Africa, irritated by the bad treatment they have received
on board of the ships, and yet, among this promiscuous multitude,
there were 250 soldiers to maintain order, and these were Wye
called upon to interfere. This he had from Mr. Hamilton. The
priociplss which regulated that settlement ought to be estended to
all. We ought to give the negroes good reason to be contented.
W e ought to give them the knowledge of God; to let them feel
present comforts and the absence of oppression. By these melee,
and by these alone, we might preserve our colonies and gain the
affections of our negro subjects. He would not trouble the House
much farther. He would only observe, that the considereeien of
this subject, however the question might he decided, would lead to
the most beneficial results. It would produce at once the most sa-
lutary effects in the colonies. It ought to be knowo, through all
our settlements front east to west, that tile doom of diet !bust
were always open to hear complaints, to afford redress, and to
punish tyranny and oppression.
The SOLICITOR-GENERAL Paid that if his Hon. and
Loaroed Friend who introduced this motion had merely wished Ir
procure the negroes a better nude of trial, he would have met with
no opposition ; this was sufficiently evinced by the amendment of
his lion. Friend, which had the same tendency; but the propose
tion of his HMI. and Learned asserted two things—first, the need
city of a reform in the judicial proceedings of the colonies; and re•
condly, perversion of justice and malversation in the judicial Are
in ail who carried on the late trials. He would call thew...enticed
the House to some of the prominent parts of the motion; it raid.
" The House contemplating the perversions of law and eiolatirr‘
of justice," whet was all this but to charge all the judicisliog!rrn
concerned in those trials with gross delinquency. It had bre'
mild that those trials were not conducted with the regularity orF.I
is deemed here essential to the administration of justice; but tat
was a fallacious argument. It was not required that they shield
be according to the laws of England, it was sufficient if they se's
according to the laws and usages of Jamaica: the real quelee:'
then was, whether there was any alegatioa of illegality lumber;
to those trials according to the laws of Jamaica. He esti re
objection to the alteration of the laws regarding the trial of neree9;
be did nut object to giving thetn the names of the witness... to le
examined spinet them ; he did not object to putting then '^
equal grounds as the white population : but he objected to an es:
part of his Honourable land Learned Friend's mutton which co'
demned the conduct of the Judge and of the Jurors in those trials!
the amendnient asserted just as unequivocally the principle of teed_
trial. The opinion was the seine tot both miles of the House IT
respect to the necessity of amending judicial proceedings in et
colonies, and that the Colonial Government ought to listen to tar
suggestions which had been made, and to set about the dole,'
reformation ; if they did tiro, the task would devolve en PE.
Hamm, which was able, as well as willing, to perform f.
Gentlemen on the opposite tilde of the House say that they condemn
the autleitlties because they deserted the principles of the Heir
constitution, but tho e authorities might complain in turn 01!
,
violation of the constitution if they should be condemned. not c
violating the existing law, bat because those laws are bed.
differed little in 'sentiments front his lion, and Learned Friend q"
polite, whose feelings he knew were as sincere as they were wars
and indignant. Ile fully adopted his conclusion, that the tfiq!:
blacks ought to be putt on the same footing as that of whites; re.
yet there was no example of imputing errors to officers
ministering the laws because those laws were bad. and of swill:
.
to the individual the faults of the system. With respect t°!.
VAC in which a son had been examined against his father, he re.,
lieved that if this bad testimony were blotted out, enough we.T.
yet remain to justify the conclusion at which the Jury bath elTirii
lint it had been sent that the Jury had not judged moo Enf
Jury would have done; but it was not expected that they le tier
An English Jury was moro curious, better educated, end
skilled in evidence. It was also made a matter of dune I,cat'i,:e
the Duke of Manchester that he had allowed the execution c' t
sentence ; but here he would notice the dcserepan of the charges
mole by the Honourable Member for li'eymouthe cy
who blamteltt,_
Duke of Manchester at one time because he suffered the seatenr'.
of the law to take its course, and at another time because he niter
freed to Prevent is. An Honourable Member had eaid that!!
evidence of slaves ought not to be refused on the scare that (tr,
wt.nted religious sentiments. Now, it wen onl within the kV `.71
rears that the evidence of persons called infidels was admittf!!,et
f'i'lets a Justice. He would ask the Iltriourable Member!! "`,_
slid not recollect that at the present time a Quaker could not 901
examieed as a witness in a criminal case. , Ile did not sperrieror.
stud bad no objection to alter the law in that respect. "

, IC

• 1
; 4

:
,ii

• ''
.
•
r
O.* . - . .
•
. THE BRITISH .1311
, ESS.• •
. • _..._:_______--. .
.
....41-..____.
•
• Act pawed in the year MO. lie catch the musket-balls that might be discharged at them by the mi- those persons who had acted under it, that they did not belie s ,k. 0
evideoce wee proditeed spinet him ; it Ives that of Mary, belong- monster of cruelty, h .
ad shut up nnd eenteallii.or unfortunate the purpose of amending an
Sied the mentioned this circummence in order to thow.the feeling of danger limy. The inconsistency of Curbersnd was also manifest in many existence ot the conspiracy. From the letter written to ct - .." leee
on. w pram
ling to George liCTiniCA, Esq. but there was scarcely the slightest .fernale slave from the light of heaven, ulneet wit
diet motto' in part, had re- mato who first drank the blood and Turn, and in page lIS of the Re. were of an °Onion in the affirmative. Some imputation* h • j,e,een-
evidence to affect this man. The next that were put on their trim moet unheard-of tortures, marking her with a -hot iron. such which Prevail' at all times amongst the planters in the slave Colo- instances. For this witneen stated that James Thompson was the Cox. and his anewer, It was clear that he and his mimeo) 'ie • the
sell
wen William Montgomery and four others. When the evidence as was used for branding cattle. and heroin and mutilatine her Mee. The Act of 1817, which he had
U mead ingflie defective state or ceived thnsanction of his 3lajesty for very sufficient reasons. An port he cootradicted this imminent, by the amedion that Henry made to the prOudice of Colonel Cox, but that officer erals-", ii
the most shockin manner. •tr
office to which he (Mr. W. Oliver Was the person who gave the first example in drinking the known to many Members of the House ;he had been ed - "d•'" ,-a
.Si that case was goce through the House would perceive that it in g
' &mon amounted to nothing. Tbe next case watt one which he the law for sa.fety hear, hest); for he knew that the evidence of individual who held a !situation in the
- (
..• Id he united in
,- I •t hi Horton) had the honour to belong, arel whose illness he had blood and rum. It was alleged in one part ef the evidence, that England, and yet, with all the prejudices that such an educe,.
deprived of assist- the conspirators were anxious to I PRII
RI
thought it would be difficult for any premn to read without &good. thue,tpoor untertunate being cou not recen et agatns m.
prevent any person not concerned might be supposed to convey, he believed the conspireey te IP
n it longterm', peon enu y m• t Ca o 'us ice. . Ilml
doge, earodoes; it was the case of the boy s father upon whose testi. i .
1. 'all f he ds' f • r that to regret, because he felt•himeelf thereby
th h nd observed a sore truly valuable-he (Mr. Wilmot Horton) alluded to Mr. front seeing what was going forward ; aod in another place this I existed. In the debate which occurred on the Queetion in "
ceedin had rested-the father of a young man wto watt tree was paletrig e mow, • , mal
m many the whole of thcoe pro gs . the
Stephen, son to the Master in Chancery of that name-this Ratite %Omelet represents them as totally regardless of caution in Legislative Assembly ofJamaica, Mr. Reynolds. whosefeeliement
k In f kin smoke issuing from the window. Ile accordintslywent toward.' it.
'llaet boy whose scolding for not having es is roc .
'mow et the barbarous cruelty gentleman, in lais commentary upon that Act, .14 that it their movements. that they were proceeding without any apprehen- sentiments were known to be in favour of the slave pnpulati see 111
' teaser' • was the foundation of this sacrilize of human lives. and there became in eye-wi
ir d
t. . J
.
i 1• el n I be 6el to 'the leave popelet:on, sion, beating time to the sound of the drum, Mc. He also Raid admitted that misfortune compelled them to inetituteu "1
Yet • ' 111
•f
, Tbe tint witness called was Ned the
.pr . .
Miner. and be then inflicted on this poor creature. The oen et. weow name was me, con ain_ ma y c antes ne cm maw".
with was tn conse uence of this accident convicted and punished. (Hear, and if the Royal sanction were to be eitlittelds•the slaves, would lose there were not six pereons present. Such Was the inconsistency of proceedings. In the trials of tittle at St. Mary, St. George e
some imprebeble story about seeing the prisoner tol
essential benefits by &recurrence to tne former laeo The Hon. and Corberend's evidence. Of the same nature was the testimony of St. James, out of the 54 tried only 23 were convicted and th'e trin'
ht il ' f - A I ' al • - esi •
he were hear.) ...r. elate, the custos o ht. n• rew ii. so mentien an in- 10
Jit e others near the bridge. and hearing them say that t
.y r,
f• I I h io % i wile had Learned Gentleman bad stated that all of thou who had 'been Mat. This 'knees stated that them were several persons present. were transported. No person. could doubt that they were 11 t
'to his evidence; stance where a ema e s eve appenet to pa s a pees+ n IMy .
' going to nee at Client tem; but he one never sworn .
sh • dllh'if d 1 h• ll was about enecd'ed for rebellious transactions in Jamaica hod died without in contradiction to the other evidence. Mitt had also mentioned tried. Dubious witnesses were not allowed until corroborated. Thn 'Mt
Men who was nest called to speak agat nod been out ooting. an tlet og sming o en et Int e
IP bor " ttle °Ill"
WYWill- 1' 1 h t hoot t' • •I'lm poor women he.gged Ile would not dn en : confeesing, but the remote of this bad been stated 7 Mr. Cox, for thnt lie wee, et Chrietmas, at Bakeries ; and in the comae of his persons who acted in cunformity with the prevalent aystem, hem 1
he went to hip fat ler s touse, w o cm a eine .. ~ .
4 " tather.
This
bar
°Wed
"14%
' i 1 the must take " What !" rod he. " I will shoot you if you are not quiet," and he said that one of them had confeseed. Mellon. an Learned Gen. statement he denied that he 444 there at that time. The lion. ever bad, should not be condemned to make an exceee ter them
told bun that the wrote were going to nee, ant t oa i el
ben, with very little ceectronv levelled the gen at her and lodged its datum d . 3 .
ha he'd up le Cox to the House ns a permo destitate of all Member here expressed a desire to show the abstracts of evidence who slept at their pests in that house. Ile shuuld nerd'
cam of himself and keep out of the way. Ills master, Mello , . ere Agee
h • tie This wes Orme in the face of day and known feeling, whereas Mr. C. was the very person who had brought in the whieh he had been rooting to any Gentleman in the Ilouse .who in the amendment of his Hon. Friend. •••
le
'eked him if he thought the negroes would rise: he told, I'm ykeet .1 coontenta in er est
bit as the; 4: all elaves. their e;idencecould Act depriving the Slave Court of the power of inflicting the pu- felt desirous to Rattan himself of the correctness of the extract% Mr. W. HORTON explained.
w • lie then asked him (wltnesa) if hc thought the negroes would . ...1d 1 t many person ;
." ,
h . Th 11. ell bl G ntle Mennen' of death without the sanction of the Executive. There which he had adduced. The [lnn. Meniber then asked what con. Dr. LUSH INGTON said that if the points state! by th H
' h 'd he did not think so, but advise not be received. ( Hear, ear.) eig o memos e e . . a eve. b
ben (the master); t e boy sat I that he was surprised at was one expression In Mr. Cox's letter which he could wish had tradictions might not he expected trona those witnesses', if they and Learned Gentleman (the Attorney-General) were true; if les
hen ta go on material man opposite (Mr. Canning) had obeervet
hoard the snip. There was, Roemer, I !sty . . . . Ifi
Nal for they the oppoettion it 1 bl hBM I teed b h been avoided. In allnding to the negroes, he designated them as were cumenetatoined by previsional persists, instead of being Nub- laws were fairly administered, then tbe Home of Common!' leo -
g •en by the , mem yto t e i .en os y sue
tretradictinn between this boy's evidence and that of 1 . .
-Is s tin- to their bunion. but he ( Mr. Denman) felt wretches. Ile (Mr. W. Horton) had notwithstanding high aodio- ject merely to the interrogatories of ignorant fellow-slaved As a case to try. The argument of ths Hon. and hemmed mma h'a'
were 'tiredly opposed tench other. On. the feet of t le.prtsonet.'a appea • . se .
he meetings Ned described Met the prutmer was AIM t was great streng. in t e arguments .
h ' hrl toed on the other rity for stating that be was a worthy men, and that a more humane epecimen of the style of this morn of eteminatimo, the Hon. Oen- went to state, that because the House could not know the "•11:
east, es, , i
bant4 prt""t at
t . • b t the ho William's evi. aide of the House of Assembly. A 3lember had referred to a fact master to Isis slaves was not to be met with in Jatnaica-lie thought denten rend from the evidence the following :-" Prince, no busi. cept bo the information contained in erroneous reports,. that e
present at the night of the conspiracy ; u y
Th f I 1 ted i ttention s eakin of the want of 400 110tre apology could be found for the expels/note in the state of new in matters; wood, furnish, fesr ;1.8. C. brought word ; should not proceed in concerning the proceedinge ; but if this leiti
deem stated that he did not see his father amine the negroes. eo a nature Ca at a to Beres a . .. p g .
E
i• defence said he thought his eon William was • run. veracity cso the part of the next oett, it was answered that. y per. excited feehng ineident to an apprelee nelostehat the negroge ha_ _ ,
dan never mustered • Jack SRW hini at Bananas, 'mule hoopoe 31. Pl. mond, they could never take nonce of distant (offences. If •
ere, den
presenter in its intention of nittnng houself and hos family to death. dhe Hon. geve eet. to negroes to do work though in the wood. B. P., Mel. apprentice was treated unjustly. numbers were maim mono re.,
Med hint • he (the primmer) always attended hi% t rams in the mothermotintry were ignorant of the obligation an oath at
away' lad gaa . • ' h -d
i al h i posed ;to which this Gentleman repli Ith t that might be su, and beamed Gentleman bad attributed the St. Mary's conspiracy H., Leo, gun ; knows I. B. Corberand put bit in mouth to get to moist his cause ; but if injuetlce *Mould oceur remadml,l
CI 1 . Id
week. that his muter supplied him with clot eel an v etu s, as e in
b t pon the evidence of the boy Ned. and of the 1 hut still in Enelard every man was trained up tn the principles of tO the invention of a boy who had been beaten, and who had In free; broke he neck ; never let master's property ; when at home should be allowed to sink into oblivion. It had been &lei 44
win an old man, u u .
d I Ch '' • dI ad the Intl of xnm le daily before them, consequence got up a Story. He would leave all commentary upon worked ;at wood made baskets for•stelt." Now, asked the Hon. that the Duke of 31anchester approved or the retied
, unsvrorn, unsuprurted, and unsafe as it was. the Jury li not nsuanity, an . t . uence e. p . . • g
doubt ef the guilt of this prisoner ; he was found and the beauty of veracity and the solemnity of an oath were there- that evidence to those who were more capable to discuss the ',abject Member, who entild.expect from persons
twhlro ktn,,,ewmttlxt
ot how to Mr, which he thought correct (hear). but the Under Sec •
retary of
entertain a e he hell Mare did not state that the Duke of Manch ter h .
ed by the Oovernment, and the old man fore suongly impressed upon their nii nth ; the detection of false. than himself, but yet he could not suffer the observatton to pass conduct an exammatton in any better way . h . w
'" • ' fbe Ilb h to' f J • mi." ad she ePlern
ratty, which was approv scernible even without &clan, at once that it was morally impossible thet such ememplified, thie they should be able tn detect the ineonsistenc.m of tuna) 0 mg to i yt e , tie melee a. the preeeedion n 'llk
was sentenced to be hanged by his neck till he wee deatl. (Ilene, hood was easy. the workings cf the mine. heing di
hese, hear.) It appeared that in the progress of thew inquiries in their countenance,. It WAS not so olio tne a , '• g eel All that be mt to contend api dn 1 -, h fl t nol ion ftth ? against the principle of British Law. He did not tneau t" '4
lave who was an bypotoests could he maintain . epare mit ence, o. cc, nt e most amon vt at s o rn o accuse -
. , all
f 1t h 'ale bad been tried os accohlin to the law There wag nuked one 6f 1 d if h I htel made, the Duke of nlanchester of any wilful error. holt h
part tle quota ion wte le .
tonne other evidence come forward which mompallo affected the unaccustomed to feel the influence of a good ex ample, and whether or wad tla t ose ma , .CR _
_. g _ .
was
...i
1, e certainly : 1111
Owner Henry Nibbs. e
Th first Witness C.,l:f‘t against him was from his colour or other causes, the workings of his mind were not of the Island, and with .perheps more than ttie usual laxity of evi- wi, it t aid been attended to, w Id I. h
ou.- .lar- men sufficient to thought him guilty of negligence in not taking the opinion of th'e : a
.
ds of the lan- save the accused from the effects of the teannion • lle meant that Chief Justice. Now as a specimen oionthe eriddoce it wield be
No4' bb •h (M Denman) took her to be either the daughter discernible in his features. lle (31e. Denrnane did not mean to dence. An unfortunate prejudice existed in the min p . • "t 1
Ann . s, e r. , ' y.' f sufficiecent to state that one of the wit:melee e ••
• -
cr the sister of the prisoner, but that fact did ten appear. Her assent to this last proposition, but undenOtedly he felt the foree of tees that danger raustowerusarily accrue upon any alteration of the expression of the " bit in mouth d for it wee a
imatterh o am 1 zave evidence which el
comience did not go to tOe merits of the cue. Dsvid Wade was the argument. that much danger might ali.e front an indiscreet ad. Isw,and therefore it was that they were oppoe.ed to the removalnrom pentitious nelief among. those poor creatmres that a s ave w olgave was to this • • hat he was infer , i
1 toe pro rietoPruort ratn testate Ind no!toitioem oi yt 31
t. Hut °tit 1
sem examined, but his evidence did not implicate the prisoner. mission of the evidence of slaves. It was argued by another 31er.n. the rat toe booa of an act applicable to a dement ram or betngs, emidenee with e tott of silver in hhis monih wne exempt florma I,ttrite e
driver tract acqtaninted him win runic !nee 14 Pim t. -
Bat in order to "mow that thie pen, wee guilty of conspiracy, they ber of the Aesetubly. that when the vlave should barn been in- he might say, trom the present negroes-spplacable, en short, to penalty and guilt of perjury. T e
.einstence. of thie eb Mom in
ip
..cu ar act which then •
then celled up Mary, the slave of George Merrilles. Eq. I have thou negroes who were tint dragged to
w it) said situctyd in the truths of Christianity, and when he should . those colonies from the proved atterwards in the case of this same women r mend-, who ran e •
th roun I- of hearsay suit nt. • also appeared tat the il
that she yew a native of St. Domingo. that she knew the prsotter, sequieid a fidloe-feeling for the human race. then they might 1 i d d' ed ' I f••Pi • i •Ib• f •I expectation of liberty Wail entertained aa a recem r •
coast of Africa. He hoped. howevel, thet ere ong peace ce an WaS recover on tle act o givuog Is eve ence wit t a it oei ver Perm or gime
and that she his wife. (Hese. tun, hear.) SP that tirst the begin:to. maimed) that qurntion. And accordingly the Order in citron) roust give way Imogene litunsne code . .
of legielation (Hear In his mouth. The consequence of this discovery was, thin no evidence. Eliza e Sugger heard a man say that he did not like . s
sen was salted to convict the father, and then the wife was eillod to Council issued by Gevemment approeched it under en 1 the a ree, for several ne oes would be 1
eh modifies. hear.) The Hon. and T,earneti Odatlemen had stated aim that credit was given to any evidence which that man subeedleent•y P gr id.e, and who we, to •
le • m is • d h -rd of the re ulred Informs proffered. The Hort Member then refereed to the Duke of Mane give them the loaves and Intim. Thole two insta "en,. ~,
convict the husband! (Hear. hear, hear.) She then stated some dons as to induce many to think it almost a neutral measure; ut r anum mon on money was t elms a . t
h I D keqof 3lan ', " cher ' i • * • nderetnon) the conviction of thleteen •to him sufficiently indicative of the character f --d-
-iem% of a very im ro
' p bable nature, but even if they were tree they he (Mr. Denman) thought the regulations that Order embraced t on.
.To this he ellould only rep y, tot. tle u h c :ester .er a opinion on (ashite u. o tbe evidence. I
tensile .t. ammo i s opinion wae, The Honoureble and Learned Gentleman (the Attorney-Geese li
fS • ..1 TI i •
monde no cam at all against her husband ; and yet he was sentenced went art foir as the Government in prudence could have gone. It had directly denied the alleged fact. 1 :th regard to t e restuction petsonere be onging to te 1 h . . , 1
~ i
to be hanged. From the first to the last there was nothing in any seemed to him that th•e whole were! of the
.question was let ont i . g
HI .
'n under which ne ro evidence Was admissible in courts ot jug- ret substance, for he (31r. Buxton) ad not a memorandu n la. after disapproving of the system, appears •Il •Ta
'
in ing to .uppon the . I
ore of these cases, supposing all that was sworn to was true. which the speech re by . .. p, . ,
..
ade Mr HUM In die thecuseion of the Bill in dee, he could only say at that TCStrICt on wss m e ex. tt a appeare to gore parucu ar a
i ad • h d d • • 1 s tisfainton• The Doke of practice which have grown oat of it. lint he thought that eit otn o
d . 1 i' I vie of i h 1 ttt nd M I f rd 11 tB y 'mid •hat he had not Ms- was no sanction for a bad prectice. It wad indeol, denied by" he
re- anc tester a terwa e at , on ego a , .
ar.ads out in the slightest ocgree a CaSC of eonspitacy. All the the Assembly. That Gentleman said •• he wits a trim to the press ywto t te str gett ng te s Ina! 0a e , •.. . s
h • Mit of an offene A I: d S t I S f hC 1 • h . •t -
e. sto •n er . ecre ary o . tate or t e o notes, tat any appearence of
persons w n mi
h •ght have confirmed the witnevres, if they spoke slaves. and would not 'idol to eity man. be he who he might. in eigious worship, and to receive religious Instruction. It covered any cause to bring temin g i yr' . .
• ydivid •
trutb, were kept back. and there were direct contradictions in the humane feelings towards the %lave ; but he would fancy a slave was suppowd that the hope of ual was not ' briberylexisted in the circumetances of t Moe transaction,' B
a certificated qualification to give the witnessm, a boy had stated that a certatn in 1 . . . . . .It
da,
i t
evidence that was received. He would not go threigh the whole of it under the sanction of the mmoute now proposed, giving evidence evidence would operate as a stimulus to the attainment of Christiatn at a part 1 ,
icular dace and afterwards retracted, und alleged that lie there not a diecueston in the House ot Assembly to teimbone t, s 1
I b. 1. bl hat b n t arish of int. liar with 3761. for al vee blo e. t h :e
to sopeort this assertion, bot would mentnto one instance as a proof. in the adjoining room. anal immediately afterwards that very slave principles and knowledge. With respect to the edict to be produced was. /le thotight it was extreme y 0 jet iona ee . a ey . 9 P.
rt y . a e. nein/ 0t et parish. mid : 4
Th ease this sort of contradiction between die boy Ned and the thus examined might be sent to the workhouse at the caprice of his by the motion of the Hon. and Learned Gentleman, ha must be sw. orn Ithollitl be . . g . ,
allowed to ive evidence against his tether s lite. conferred meat beneht on the colony. Now, i, there w•s tny ti I E g
Mr Slellh 'ed N•bbs" 1• N 1 said that the Taste?, anal receive a flogging ;" he (51r. Denman) would ash the aware that • legal Commission had been appointed by the House Ihe stroogeet obtection was, that the witness wan not sworn.
wom - y egattlill on 1 it tria .. es , mo l•k I 1 h h fJ •'• • - ie: n-
ee i ey t tan anot er to prevent t euseo mien, it waste., de. o e
had intended to rise on the day before Christmas-day, but Howe which of these two cases 'multi ',most tangible to the negro for the purpose of inquiring into that very subject. The distinction The ATTOB. . . .
a; IS VAIL N EItAL said, •cross the table. that duced from holding out this boon of freedom the grea•est for whkh t 11
nerves h h • d 1 e id h Cld l• • *II Aer e '
that they altered the day in comet:puce of his saying to them ou tnind ? He thought nobody could fail to feel that the influence of w . .
hich lie wished to im fess upon the House 144$ that which existed the strongest objection in hos mind was, mat t e witness ha not t ley cou ope. ou any man lying say tat the common e. tee : I
P • to • 1 1 h b been sworn •f r that the evidence 'yen under such circumstances Duke of Manchester. andoftheColonlal Gorerninent Wag not eimi, I n
Saturday that there would be a guard out on Chrietmas.eve. Sophy the tart whip must be predominant, and that alt the influence between an objectionable •law, w ich met it per laps aye een ~o . . .
i i
d F gnli h 1 1 • liel • I • n M • • • ••"
repre tenet etn t tese pr ings. . en were conmeteri on thest gle
said that the alt tion had been already announced to her on the of metaphysicist and moral principles must give way to the au. suited to former times, and the peewits who had acted under that Was against the principles ot le ,ng o aw.
Imlay. thereeree the alteration could not have been the result of thority of the nattter. But if this be so, what were they to law-who had lived under Mend had emoted to Mew it as execrable . . . . ,
3lr. BUXTON continued and said that though be cnneurred and contradictory testimeny of one witness. Here one would et t I
4.‘• fact stated by the boy. There were venom other contradict- think of all the Courts of Justice in which (even contrary to from custom and habit, esid who therefore were not deeerving ot in thinking that to be the strongest ti jectton, yet It was not tle x
m • • I least ex ect to sec some exten • r • '
. p f
li i
H. H sionio mercy. yet instead of that ,i t
:ions such as that with rd to the num'ser of cutiesees seen in their own 'principles) slaves were called upon to
.depose against the censure which was contained an the motion before the House. oely one; for the necond objention mmisted irt the. fact that the edeenceurtatolo
ood et ishe
wortitaend urroed Frtnetnd,
thhie Itternq.
ecl
vision of the !nen. There was not one tact indeed slaves ? Unaccustomed, uninstructed. and unqualified-subject to He trusted the Holm would believe that the Duke of Mancluater witness was a thtef ; tho thud objection agetnst. him was that Ite G ) h onwaid nat t
tee pops not to be curtailed of t • ' Mu!' ton'
° tl.
't)
on
es
tal,
t
aims, d of importance in which sonie conriderable contradic. the authority of the muter in every thing. literally not daring to' and the amemnly believed In the ealootence of the plot, and Inking
ehail been an arimontphlice ; and
ttilioe tocorththesbj
.i. le:tttleorn wns,ttlret the heir rights and liberties ; but these they still . I
don mot not introduced. There was a very great departure from nay their soul was their own-bending their consciences, and yield- into ofmmeleration his deep responsibility, they would feel convinced idence was. a toget er incred bh. I i _ pom t i h
had possessed. They enjoyed the greateat liberty-they had the liberty • I
' Id b ti Ity on the lint common, and thit which he ing up their very faculties to such an authority, alio could venture that he could have no other motive than the preservation of the stated. as a tact, that lie, thoug a stranger, isd gone nter t e .
of confining to themselves v • h d •••' •1 d •
e ery rig. t an. poet nom, an .of trot. 1
tie story to y le Si the n' ri •
afterwards told at the triad. Upon them trials eight Imlividuals to entrust beings like them with an unqualified power to depose to colony. . (Hear, beer.) I early Hon. Member had ever been pre. meeting of the compimtem, and that he persuaded them to Mgon..ttreortrot, er of the population with emend. and muscle
. were executed in mq ce of the letter of Colenel COX to 3lr. facts touching the lite OT limb of a single tellow-creature ? Yet it sent durtng a mud in Jamaica, and had whom/wed the mantle? in chan.ge their resolutions. 1 hat was, on the very face on it, aHu f tho di I'd fh %4 ... .'"
te . u ..e o _
hse
,procee ngs, t i any ot e -agistrain ' 1
in th .
Helloes:. the tary to the Governor. Colonel Cox was the was upon the evidence of such men as these that no less than •.2 which they were conducted, he would know that there was as much glartng talsehood. 'f he boy swore that there were considerable . e exanit i,,notton of tire nitnesses, eie.n ask thetn-pray have', •
commander of a militia yegiment in that quarter of the island, anti persons were executed. Was this a state of things that ought to be in the manner in which evidence was given as in the evidence numbers present at the meeting ; and the man's evidence was, that , neon Mom i. ed your t_ aella
lotmi as the pr,ice of your testimony se'er, . I
agreed in the rejection of that itself-inderdent of this circumstance the Duke of Manchester there were not more than six. Another variance was. that the i why did youanoit reveal ti, bef e . No, these quemions were
IMO called upon to put down the conspiracied Ile stated that he ptolonged ?If any Gentlerneu , kd 1 , 1
h I 1 re far the palely of the parish that Bill, if any were present who thought now that it ought not to be had stated t at the trials were seandalouily reperted. And he (SI r. one said them were plenty of women, and the other asserted there
thought it a Fit ute y necessa . li the must have su ested therm
I never ns e , tto g y gg . Ives to per. t i
Mr prism:en Amid be immediately put upon their 44i4is ROI for agreed to, it was for them above all others to renounce the coodutt Horton) should therefore say that upon such evidence the House were non . y
~
e The onl • evidence in cneroboradon was that of Mr. sons willing to hearken to the suggestions of juetice and humani•y 1
trie purpnse of c .ing at the truth, and to satisfy justice, but for of the GAMS of Justice who had been genie S. I h It aeeelth•ht • th 1 • • 11 eh • '''
on their own min- ought not to Proceed. Ile admitted that there might be a degree of Gore, who stated that he got up one niget . t tat e saw two . pp re ti im ta in eat mission, as we as me exarrans. •
the purpose o • tton of the witnesses the rinci les of the En lieh Constita
f example. In his letter, which was dated the 20th of ctplet of an enormity so insufferable as this. If lie were asked what laxity or tomato% about the evidence; but that was to be attri- negros in white, and that he heard them say "It would not do,' . . , p p ~ g . too . s
Deeembor. he said, " Eventhing is et present perfectly quiet, and Wail the remedy fur all this, he would say that the mmedy vtaa but buted to the law and not to the Judge orethe;Tury. Thr.t there WaS bet what it was that would n.ot do he could not aseertsin. But had been completely trampled under foot • nor could he remember • 1
I trust will remain so. I throught it my duty to insist on die magie. one simple in its operation and simple in its nature; it was the enthe a conspiracy at St. Georgee was placed beetehtl a doubt, for Jack atter he had slept over the busin.eas ~,,t, motgo t i.re,:mtinteettror:tozne
h h h • • ' ite have heard any satiefactory ton .ti d hy . 1
shoulti set aside tile opinions ex-ore:el inittherrnct7tionwandttolitrts:
I . .1 . i
been taken immediately. and to extinction of slavery. (Heard There could be no other. Look at had dechred upon his trial that 3lanheetxy had 36 guns-at least information of the circumstance in af. d y i i . i
trews trying the negroes that had . . tu
he 17th and the next morning
send neir stud and %entente express', as it will in my opinion be the slave under eveiy other condition, aad see whether the observe that he had eix nutted each of which carried six guns; and this one regarded an offence committed on t , . . the amendment. He would ask lais lion. and Leaneel Trine 1
n wh ti• 't w t h d '
highly irepeflani for the safety of the .'. h, and probably the notion did not apply. lie came before a jury who were not his peers fatt justified the infliction of the punishmept of death according to the parties had been tried. Another part ot the evalence went to edr I ere no true tat graves were ug beneath the mum .
. . blind, that they should be mooned before else holidays, as an ex- but his masters. If he appealed it was in vuin, tvid he was carried the provisions of the Slave Act. It was not because a rebellious prove, not that there were guns found, but that there was a place St the executton, att4 whether the clergyman who attended did nit 1
ample to the other tie , and to prevent die danger of an escape to execution, denyino to the last moment of his life that he had conspiracy existed In July, that fret to s are the lives of an who would content
neehould contend that another ex. whete the guns might have been contented. It Was alSo stated in i? , P y . to make seer,. > 4
of ars attempt to release them." In that spirit it was that s e Colo. been guilty of thow acts of which he had been convicted, upon cvi- bled in December; but he would contend that the first conspiracy the evidence that there was no ammunition. but that there was a tession ; but this offer they all refused ? This tie knew to be ins: . ,
essel of the militia he wrote, and in that spirit it was that he after- dente which be the authority of the COurt rid upon their own displayed a feeling according to which an estimate might be funned basket in which powder and balls might have been kept. If, in. he had learned it from an eye-witnees. Again it was timed di . ,
wards sat as Judge. Upon that letter the Governor ought to hare pminci.ples WAS inadmissible. Then, what was their last resource ?of the nature of subsequent overt acts. The Ilonourable and stead of balls, he lied said ball, he might have been right. His some gentlemen who were unwilling to place the black popets. e•
paused, an eou ht to have said, " This Is not are rtu WI which Relionon. Belt how little did the know of this ! Had not the Learned
.Gentlernan MR enteributed ,ffie reerflion amongst Mr. Hun.. Friend the [lnd.* Secretary fotir tte i
d b g Pee IP „ , .. , . . 1 , , „, . e, , , e, _ , e: • i• •
Colonies had stew! that tion on the same footinepas the whites with respect to evidmee, that ••
I wili direet the execution of any man whatever." in every quer- Gouse Peen tom that the staves who were executeunt St. marjes tualcoim s negroes to mime, tn mime eall upon to work upon most Important confeestons were ma e yt le parties convicted ; yet Owing to_ tomir
hsgnorane and ill habits there was little reliance to
ter there *as perfect quiet ; nothing was discovered in the houses of rejected all religious cepeolation, and that one of' theen laughed at a day set apart for TOCTeatiOn ; but the fact was, that it was no un- the account which was given of them said that •• of all the wretches he Ptaced. n t et •
.nn hy, then, was it said to thern, if you tarn ,
re. leing s evidence your lives shall be s met! s Tina was a most um •
• slyly of the ne, to justify a suspicion of any conspiracy being the clergyman under the gallows ? Good Coll ! was this to be common thing to do that upon every estate throeghout the Island ; who hail been executed yesterday only. one allowed any signs of
._ . . . p . . , • '
about to b k forth; no blow had been etruck : however. notwith. wondered at ? When the Ministers of the Gospel taught these but if such wee really the caused thee complicacy, how was it that pentance." Much stress was laid on their want ofrepentance. perhaps merciful departure front promple ;it was allowing the negro his • °
standing this, the Governor of Jamaica, to whom Mr. Cow thought Poor ignorant men that find was no teepecter of persons, and still the negroes of Alexandria and of Golden Grove made common it was expected that as the slaves were temally imprisoned for their rights only when they could prove prejudicial to him, He cm
fit to send this letter, thouglot proper to carry the sentences incorrect, they were held in bondage, might they not say, " you tell us cause with the slaves of Mr. Malcolm ? In his opinion, however, masters, they might also perform acts of repentatoce under tne online meare how difficult it was to legislate between slaves and mutts, .
. and signed the warrant for the execution ot them eight human the basis of the social systeni should be that man should he believed that that conspiracy was the result of an unfortunate idea. But now they were charged with a want of Cluistiati feeling 1 .it
~
nhe latter too were liable, in dealing with their negro dependent,. '
Minted and which, in a subsequent letter by f olonel Cox to Mr. do as he would be done by, and yet you call us slaves ?"- impression upon the minds of the.negmes that injustice had been and of Christian teeth ; but it* they did expire in the hardened man. to Mr sig tof what was deemed humanity toward% the whited Al.
Bultoettorm stated to have been immediately acted upon. This Under such circumstances', what progress could Christianity make exercised towards them He felt convinced that such impressions nee alleged, who were to be blamed but the masters that deprived lusion had been made to something which lied been written by his .
latter was by no means en unimponant one. it Was Mated " In- in the minds of the oegroes ? Ile was told dint the %levee in the must continue in the minds of the slaves, unless steps were taken the slaves of the power of deriving benefit Morn the influence of reli. Honourable Friend behind him twenty years ago, with a different
dimity, Dec. 25, 1a23," anti stated thin " the eight negroes Colonies WM not ignorant of the principles of the Christian reli. for the Improvement of their condition ; but, in proportion as that gion ? Something was said about other evidence, but the man did object. Ile would grant that nothing could be more deplorable -
were executed yesterday with all due solemnity and decorum." gion, and that those who were executed had died repentant ; but improvement took place, that House would line less and lamed not give any evidence, for if Ile did. it would have appeared after than the violence of an ignorant and enraged slave population ; but
(A laugh.) It then proceeded to say."' Only one of the wretches Yet they must either reject that religion on account of the source negro plots and conspiracies, all came et dissension recedieg as their 3lr. (Sore's. The want of proper evidence was a glariag defect on however vividly his Honourable Friend had painted the native .
.
there hear, hear) confessed to the Rev. 3lr. Mod that it was from whence they ecgoired tittle knowledge of its principles, or present ignorance gave plate to the influence of Christianity. Under the trials of the unfortunate slaves. There was only one in the an. negro insurrection, he had never attempted to excite abborrenee of .
their intention to have burnt Frontier weeks and Port Maria, and else they must hold their masters in detestation, who profess to these circumstances he could not consent to the resolution before the nnals of English conspiracies which could be compared to the prin. the negro charaeter. But what could be said of white msa who .
.
• killed the whites; but none would mention any other negroes con- believe while they violate every doctrine which it inculcates. House, the consequences of which, If weed to, might be more fatal ciple of the present. That instance had been already alluded to by had been educated in the principles of the Christian religion, and . .
cerned with them, or show any symptoms of religion or repentance. These were the circumstances which compelled him to wish for than was at present possible to foresee. HOWCII44 to be deplored were i his Hon. and Learned Friend (nil!. Denman). It was the ease of who, under the pretence of making salutary example, should elk -
They all declared they would die like men • they met their fate with the abolition of slavery : but God ferbid that he should advocate the transaction% which were then the subject of debate, it appeared 1 the Popish Plot. At first Titus Oates knew nothing of the matter, to wreak their vengeance on their weary and irritated dependent..
perfect indifference, and one laughed at the clergyman, Mr. Cook, any precipitate OT hasty measures towards attaining that object. that the law (such as it was) loul not Imen violated; it appeared but on the following day he became suddenly enlightened Nothing worse could be found in the history of St. Domingo, fell .
when lie attempted to exhort him untier the gullows." He (Mr. On the contrary, it was his wish that tht white man should be se- that a rebellion did exist, and that the 'nuke of Manchester had with intelligence on the subject. A similar process affected the as it was of horrors. Brian Edwards related that he saw two M. .
Denman) ehould like to have had 31r. Girod's account of this cured by every precautionary protection which could be afforded, felt it necessary to make an example, in order to prevent the inter- Inforroation of Beilloe. It would nnt be difficult to form a parity tints who were convicted and sentenced to be starved to death;
affair ; he ihould be glad to have posnessed 111 r. Cook', statement confident at hC Was that the security of the planter, so far from felines of the military, which might be followed by scenes of pil. between those Interment and Corberand. But the rewards which before the sentence was put in cement:on, these model .
of it when tbis inflamed and maggerated report was made. (Hew, diverting the prospect of heedom, would only render ite enjoy- lage and murder to an incalculable extent. Ile trusted that the Hume, in his !theory of the Popish plot. stated to be no efficacious were fed with a full meal ; yet all this touchy ens man
hear, hear.) This wae the sequel of the history of the trials at St. ment more perfect to the slave. It was of the highest importance House would pause before it consented to a measure which could in openieg the mouths of Oates and Bedlee, were not without their tised for the sake of setting an example. West, hear, Imrt •
Mary'e, originating first with a son, who thotteht proper, in onler to thee that House !Mould be Wormed of whet was going on in not rou to stir up the feehrem of the white population of Jamaica. due result In the present instance. That the impression of remu. If it was desirable to keep our colonies in tranquillity. of, to retain
ease himself from correction, to tell a story about • conspiracy ; he the Colonies, in order that if any atrocity Was perpetrated under and render them unfit to receive, as could be wished, the measures neretion was prevalent on the occasion might be deduced from the them at all, they ought to be treated with justice and merry. It
• then connected it with his tether. and although theie wax nothing to the colour of the law, it might exerciee R wholesome and judicious which hie Right Honourable Piked (Mr. Canning) was about to evidence ot witeessee. . The testimohy of Betty Bond stated that was not the nature of the negro to be redline and blood-thirsty.
°engem his statement, eight persons were put upon trial without interference. Wheern) The lion. and Learned Gentleman then send out for their adoption. 'The House was not to consider whe. the idea entertained of giving evide me was, that those who deliver. For the proof of this it would be sufficient to look at Sierra loom. -
Counsel. without preparation, arid were convicted, sentenced. and moved a emulation to the following eftect :- ther substantlui justice had been done (hear, hear. from the ()ppm ell any evidence in the cam were to be made free, and to be pro. We saw there a poptilatioe of MOW blacks, collected from SariS!l
' exeetwel. all within the short space of eight days. ( llear, hear, " That this House having taken into their consideration sltion Benches), but whether an example was necassary. In this violet! for during the remainder of their lives. What was not to be Parts of Africa, irritated by the bad treatment they have remiced
hear.l This was one of the instance% of the sad condition of the the accounts laid before them of the judicial proceedings in Jed comnry men were frequently put to death for crimes which had expected from such temptation ? The greatest reward, his liberty, on board of the ships, and yet, among this prornimuous multitude,
.
West India Colonies, of the perversion of power, and of the ig- maica on the trials or Mayes for rebellious compiracy and other of- nothing eramordinary in their character, and which generally were was proposed to the person whose degraded situation, while it ion. there were 250 soldiers to maintain order, and them were nrver ,
norance and passion with which justice woe there administered : reltart in the years 11125 and iti24. deem hatch duty to express' in the visited with trivial punishments; but at times it was found requi. tiered the recompense most desirable, prevented him front appre. called upon to interfere. This he had from Mr. Hamilton. The e
and a pregnant proof of the mode in which the guilty might home strongest terms the wirrow and indignation with which they con- site (whether on account of their frequent recurrence Or other causes) dating the moral and religious sacrifice for which it teas bartered. Principles which regulated that settlement ought to be extended to ,
to mere the puniehment they deserved. The next case to which template the perversion of law anti violations of junice displayed to make an example of the offenders. The rebellion at Hanova From every view of the subject, it appeared to him necessary dist all. We ought to give the negroes good reason to be contemn. F
be would call the attention of the House was the trials of the eon- in those trials ; they deeply lament the precipitation with which borem strong analogy to that at St. George's, and he must observe the House should proceed to aa se owal of its detestation of the pro. We ought to give them the knowledge of God ; to let them tnel
spiratore at St. James's. The head eonspinuor and leader of tha sentence of death, wholly nnwarranted by proof, wss in several that the Martamstance of a witness giving MlK:rent testimony suhse. eenlinge which had occurred on the occasion in question at Ja. present comforts and the absence of oppressien. By these mean.
insurrection was a poor lame boy, named Trelewney, who hovered instances carried into execution : and they cannot refrain from de. quent to the trials was no proof that his original testimony was , maim An expressiun of in feelings to that effect wes absolutely and by these alone, we might preserve our colonies and gain the .
about the workhouse. and who was suspected, because he talked in elating their conviction of the -necessity of an immediate and false. In those instances it Wan clear that rebellion had existed, I indispensable, even for the sake of preserving the lives of the En. affections of our negro subjects. He would not troobte the Wag' .
orn or two instance.: about KingWilbeeforce, and of his being free; effectual Worm in the administration ot criminal justice greeting and the offenders had been punished accordine to the law existing glishmen who vire reaident among those slaves. It was nreemary much farther. He would only observe, that the consideranot of ••
that boy and some other; were senteneett to tramportation, but slaves in that island." in JaMtlieti; and he therefore hoped that the House would not oleic to allay that antameity which had been excited by such exasperat. this subject. however the question might be decided, would Ind tO
their punishment was commuted by the Govenior to imprisonment, 31r. W. HORTON then row, but from the noixe In the gallery uponmhe Executive the Inuits of the law under which they acted. ing eircumetnneee as had occurred. the most beneficial results. It would eroduce at once the most a-
Trelawney bent confined for three months, and the rest for one we lost his first sentence. Ile said that the Honourable and The Hon. Gentleman here quoted from a paper which he held in The ATTOBNEY-GENERAL did not mean to justify die lutary effects in the colonies. It ought to be know:4 thrate all
month. to mud Mout. The Duke of Manchester was perfectly Learned Gentleman who bad just sat down could not express a his hand a vivid deticription of an enraged horde of negroes ; it de. proceedings which had had taken place in respect to the principles OUf 'settlements from east to west, that the doors of thst litme
right in stating that there wax nothing in this cam at all like a con. sentiment in which he could more warmly join itim, than in that sceibed them as bloodthirsty saver', capable of every crime-mad of jurisprudetme which they ntanifeted. He by no means approved were always open to hear comptaints, to Milord reduces, atd in ,
iipirscy, but only a talking about being free. The third cam was of wishing that die West India slaves might be emancipated at the and ferocious, 'tattering destruction everywhere within their range of the system, but lie wished to state his opinion of the case, and punish tyranny and oppression.
the trials of the conspirators at St. George's. The principal evi. earlier tensible period'compatible with a due caution for the safety -torturirg, or. at intervals of mercy, ohanging torture into mum on the distinctions which were ntade on the subject. On point of The hOIJICITOI.-GENEBAL paid tl:at if his Hon, ad
tierce in this cam was a negro man slave of the name of Corberand, of the planters ; for however 'ameliorated might be the condition of der--Marehing hi bodies, with an infant
I held transfixed upon a feeling he wan strongly opposed to the difference of the system which Loarned Friend who introduced this motion Lad merely wished to ,
' 4.
helonging to Mullet Hall plantation, who had been compared to the slave, there mill roust exist mink inseparable from a state of bayonet in their front, and imbruing their hands indiscriminately prevailed in the Wed Indies with respect to the treatment of the procure the negroes a better %nude of trial, he would hare met With
4',ltug matewwith regard to the hietory of hie life. Ito his first ex- slavery, •hich could only be cured by its total abolition. It was in the blood of all whom they supposed to be their enemies. This persons who might be the subjects of the law. Ile could not con. no opposition ; dais was sulriciently evinced by the amendment of
animation be knew nothing at all : lie stated a few facts which not his intention to waste the time of tbe Home by going into un- picture might be correct, sidd the Hon. Gentleman, as to forint r ecive why it was deemed proper to extend a distinct kind of treat. his Hon. Friend, which had the same tendency; but the promo!.
antibody might have known; and lt,e ensiled his depoeition- necessary details, but if they' would indulge him with their wen- periods of history, but could not be applied to the present, and he ment to blacks and white's in the colonies. Ile coedit net see any tiOn or his 1-1011. and Learned asserted two things-first, the fleet"'
•• Vurthee this deponent saith not." Blit the conspirncy of Unity don ter a short time, he hoped he should be enabled to satisfy them only quoted the passage to display the state of feeling on the part cause for making a difference in time, form or circuinstonces of sity of a reform in the judicial proceedings of die colonies; and 0.
Hail got up by this man wet quite equal to the inventions of Titus that it would not be right to etillCOC in the modem which was sub- of the plantere as to what might occur if the slaves were released legal paoceedings, which did not apply to the evidence of a black in condly, pefTelaiOn ofjustice and 'naivete...non in the judicial office
meet One person was, however. executed upon the evidence milted for their consideration. Thew was one observation made efrom the rigid state of control In whirl' they are at present held. the case of a fellow-black, as well as to the case of a white. But in ail who carried on the late trials. lle would call the attention of
of this witness alone. But in the last innanee of Curberand bY the Honourable and ',earned Gentleman td which he should In conclusion, he expressed a hope that the House would not take the system would ultimately come to sech an issue as that a slave the House to some of the prominent parts of the motion; it wid.
there wee a great difference between him and Time Oates. It ap. first apply himself-be had stated that in these proceedings the that opportunity of teaming a ceneure upon the Authorities at Ja- put on this trial should have the same benefit DS it white. At the " The House contemplsting the perversions of law aed vientiors
petared iii the papers that came from the Bowe of Assembly at Ja- law had bccn violated. In reply to shit. he wculti commence by maim ; and, in that hope, he proposed us an aneralment :- present period the Oistinctien watt excessively grievous. For if a ofjustice," wliat was all this but to charge all the judicielaons
°poem that the wittiesees, Mat and Corberand, Itad been directed stating a wines of facts, which would, he thought, prove sufficiently "To leave out all the words toner the Word ` that,' and nth!, white man Wag to be tried for arty crime he would be informed of concerned in those trials with gross delinquency. It had bdsn '
to be rernmed front the inland. This was a eon of imputation not that such had not bent die care. It was evident that the Duke of ' this House sees, In the proceeding,' which have been brought the naturepf the charge preferrea agaiest him. But that Waa a said that those trials WS not conducted with the regularity whiol
greatly to their credit and respectability, hut still it might not af- Manchester and the GOTernMenl of Jamaica were convinced that under its consideration with respect to the late trials of dams in benefit not possessed by the black. An Act of the Legislature had is deemed here minutia' to the odministration of justice; tau! l;',1 .
tees their evidence; that, however, was effected in another manner, rebellious intentions were prevalent throughout the whole of the Jamaint ; further proofs of the evils inseparably attendant upon indeed been passed at Jamaica to remedy this matter, and it was Was a fallacious argument. It was not required that theY shod°
ond it wir, finally ordered that they should be removed fro•ri the northern coast of the Icland, fur under that impression it was that a a state of slavery, and derives therefrom increased conviction of the thereby required that a J Age's miler should be given foe due mu. be according to the laws of England, it \VHS sufficient if they se°
island-a ear et prnewsling net proper to be adopted againat con- reinftweement of troops had been demanded from this country. He propriety of the reeolutions pawed by this Houee on the leth ot pose, but it was known that thn did not produce the desired effect. according to the laws and usages of Jamaica: the real Von.°
duet so gross as they had been guilty on These two persorme-sewessweehat the House would give full cousiderstion to the awful May, 1=1:-Ilut that however desirable it is that the law under Ile did ilot mean to say that the proceedings were illegal, but the then was, whether there was any alegatioa of illegally 'otter;
thinnest proper to use the name of MoLeceene; a name which had situotion in which that Nobleman was placed.' with forms totally leßiCaßibeiSle Welt took placelsbould be amended, it does not am parties acoused were charged with rebellious conspiracies and other to those trials according to the laws of Jamaica. tfc Imo fs
. bens much discussed in this House, and which had resulted greatly inadequate to the expected emergency, and the minds of the slave pear to this House to ne 'expedient or trafeeo impeach aeossmoas madeteernineel °Mentes. -Now it WAS mated by the Act that the objection to the alteration of the laws regarding the trial of negroe!:
to his heennu. lie was charemd by them men under circum. Population irritated by the stijined fact that the benevolent in- passed by a competent tribunal upon persOns brought to trial ac- conspirators should be infdrinrd of the persons, of thieeimerand of he did nut object to giviug thetn the names ache witnesses n't ie
stances whim it was impossible coold be true, because he had on tendons elite Government of this annum towards them had been cording to law, and convicted by a Jury impanelled and sworn to the place of the alieged compiracy. But when the question of examined &mann them ; he did not onject to aunine them ct
One of the occasions proved an olini off the ielnel. and at the other integrated by the local authorities of the island. The fact wits that give a verdict according to the evtdence laid before them." slaves' evidence was introduced. it was stated in the Legislative equal ground% as tlie white population ; but he objected to di 'l3:
time he was in prieon woh the exception of a few days. 1t ith re- in St. George's and in St. Mary's a TehelliOUS conspiracy heti at- The Honmirable Member then sat down amidst general cheers. Assembly Cof Jamaica that the evidence of a slave was inadmissible part of his Honourable land !maned Friend's mutton which ce''
geed to their knowledge of him. their intercourse with him. and the tually been detected. Wear, hear.) He would ask the lion. and Mr. F. BUXTON said that the lion. Gentleman who had just on account of the low moral character of dares, who were con- dunned the conduct of the Judge and of the Jurors in those MEM '
ricouragement he was supposed to have given them, there WAS Learned Gentleman so refer to the confession of Jack prior to his sat down had deprecated any language which could keep alive an sidered incapable of forming any idea of the obligation whicn such the amendment ;inserted just as unequivocally the principle of edaa
the mom grass, palpable, arid constantly contradictory evidence. execution, and ho would then wish to be intimued what motive he excited feeling, whereas he (Mr. 'Limon) rejoiced in such discus. a state ;in 0e 1
p s t on them. But mark the inconsistency. When trial. The opinion was the same toa both miles of the House tit,
There waactae cage more, which was the rising of certain negroes in could have. under such circumstances and in such a situation, upon Mond The Hon. Gentleman would not assent that all was as it a tame is to be tried, the name witness whose oath Wag refused in the reepect to the 'tenuity of amending judicial proceedings in :de
the parish of Hanover, in the month of July 11124, and in which it the very eve of eternity, to tell a fakehood. Would the House be. should be in Jamaica, but he mid that to the people of this country, case of a white lean is now accepted on his bare word. 11e did not colonies, and that the Colonial Government ought to listen is nd
was not denied that something HAL something in the shape of in- lieve that he had done NO? The Honourable and beamed Gentle. what justice is equally and -wisely administered, the proceedings meal '
Ito impute blame to nose who acted according to the system suggestions which had been made, and to set about the demol
surrection, and some appearance of disturbance, load existed. And man had
'referred to the evidence of rebellion in the cue of Polo of the Courts in that part of the world must frequently appear to which peewit led, hut he objected to the system itself as had. In reformation ; if they did nod the task would devolve on Pr
he must say that it these poor persons had been informed, as Malcolm , nerneS t but he (31r. W. Horton) would ask him it be reorients, but that great allowances were to he made for the the case ot Charles Ware who was the witness ?-the noy William liament, which Was able, as well as willing, le perform '••
thi, House was now, oe the manner in which their fel- he was aware tnat there was nothing irregular in the manner In situation in which the planters were placetl. The fact, however, who Wag not sworn, bemuse he was incompetent to know h ' '
t e nature Gentlemen on the immune gide of the House say that they condemn
. lows had been sent oot of the world, it would have been which those trial* were conducted ? He would ask him if he was was, that where slavery existed justice could not exist. In proof of an oath, yet lte was admitted to take away the life of his fellow- the autheettiee because they deserted the principle% of the firill'll
contrary to human nature if tbey had not felt strongly against aware of the law ander whim tho,e trials wen carried on e and if of this redden he would first cite the murder of the missionary Itlave. Wits it not unfair that the black and the white should thus conetitution. but tho e authorities might complain in turn of s
the Government that had been may of mesh violence. But soh. would selt hint why that Home was to pass a vole of censure Smith. Next came the massacre of the newton at Demerara, who have a different measure of • • h h I • I •
juetice w en t e aw of . amain violation of the constitution if they should be condemeed. not fct
in point of Wet the whOle of what happened at Haltom was trace- against the adminimmtorsof the IRV. becaum tbe law itself was ex- oere guilty of nothing but a desire to know what thin country had was founded on the same principles as the Enelish cotte ? violating the existing law bet becau th la s are bsof. , ile ' .
able to some misconduct on the part or the managers of the estate, coisively severe and required alteration. Wear, hem.) The law done towards their mound • TI sflled th d t flt was tiai I b hbo h • 1 h I • • '..
•I 1 • &ft ed l• 1 ' ' * " me
w ' • us"
patton. an ooa e eporta ion o t yt e yt at was mart-ono ,tat us lather tat told ICT at ein eentitnents from his Ilon. and Leerned }nen 1
• in abridging the men of the cojoyment of their usual holiday. All which authorised those proceedings waa passed in the year 1817, the mulettoes; and lately came the Berbice paper., which of then. him tlifferent niatters which. he detailed. This was allowed to be poidte, whom feelings he knew were as sincere as they were lull
eh die utes and althot ' h the oodand bum eee • e •
• elm trials of them men at Hanover estate referred to -tete p , . te, g an t line which prevailed des coun. selves *ere a sufficient Moot of the position he had adopted. Ile was the lew with respect 'to whites, but different in regard to blacks. and indignant. Ile fully adopted his conclusion, that the trial s'
told not to &moment, to a general disposition to rise, cre to an, re- OM ought revolt at its severity, yet them who acted according to however prepared to show thro no plot at all ex ixted, either et St. In what he had mid he intended onl to conde h
y mn t. esy . ,
stein and blacks ought to be put on the same footing se that of whites; bd:
eemous intention. These were the four cases which be had thought Its dictates should be held excused for acting up to the harshness of George's or St. Mary's. He weuld first call the attention of the House he felt satisfied h h
t at t ose persons who acted according to its prac. yet there was no example of imputing errors to officers ad'
proper to bring under the consideration of the House. All the that law which they were compelled to admtnister. By the 45th to the conspincy a. •
. etr was called, at St. George's, which conspiracy tice, supposed they could not be doing wrong when they followed ministering the laws became thole laws were brul. and of ascribild
charnel in all of them were supported, without exception, by the section of that law, all negrues concerned in rebellion, murder, was supportnl by thr •
et witnetuses--Mat. Corberapd, and Ilypoote. an example, sanctioned by a couree of lOU years custom in the to the individual die faults of the s !seem. With Teepee to the
evidence of slaves ;no feet was depcsed to by a freeman ; nothing felony, housebreaking, and other offences of inagnitude, were The latter of these had th h
e c erecter of being a great liar from his colony. As to the point of inconsistency, one witness had mid Case in which a son had been exami ) I ' h• f thee he he*
net. against is a . ~
wee received from a person capnble of judging of what an oath was, ponnhable with death. All negeoes in whom posseseion were muter, and front his master' • dheha I previeu ly b
a son .nn I . S een that diere were few, and the other had stated there were many pre. tiered that if this bad testimony were blotted out, enough wenn
Of of the cot ligation which juence impoited. tle would now allude to found fire-arme swords, powder, or ball, were also liable robbing the very person against whom he appealed to give tesli- Fent on the occasion et the conapiracy. It was however difficult yet remain to justifo the contiunion at which the Jury IntiletTiceti ee'
what had been done in the theme of Aseembly at Jamidea. with re. to the penalty of. death. The Hon. and Learned Gentlemen had 'pony. As, however h• • '
is evmence was not very important, he would to judge from the report of the correctness of the proceedings. 'lnt it had been mid that the Jury had not judged silo n'n't-
termed to this question uf evidence. h had bent objected last night said that those persons had not been condemned to death according pus it over, and a ta.
*1
himself to Corbemnd. He would undertake Those who were !resent most natural! eee things in a better light, Jur would have done • but it was ot Pected that they men
that a greet deal of improper oppoxition had been shown in thatAd tn the him but in this he Was mistaken, for according to the mei- to show that Cora" dI - • f I ' dtl • h I ' n.l l•
• ' •i Y ' ' •• o yin 1. h -1 ' 1 n lll-
an tad given ase testimony, an lIS y re- ant toe cons' eration lomat reconcim the decision %Much was elven -n .eigese eury was more cur.ous, „oter etlueeted, and b.:tie:,
sembly to the Bill tbm Was proposed. No Bill was ever brought dence of the woman Sophy their crime came under the cognizance ference only to his owp •
testimony. In the filth Page of the mid in the evidence. As to the evitience of the eon against the fattier, skilled in evidence. It was also made a matter of Charge glee.;
into el e House of Parliament with greater strength than that of the eection of the law which he bed quoted. She spoke to the mination h I h • '
d e says t tat e went aecisentally to the niecing of the though he reprobateit the principle, yet he W 44 aware that the sys- the Duke of 31anchester that he had allowed the execution el t",
, (owe to the considesation of the Ilouse of Amends!). It Was fact of their being in possession of gunpowder and ball. He did comoirators. ii•
is words ate, u hearing a noise, I went." Bet in tern Was acted on ia dila COMItTy. Ile knew a case where not only sentence; but here he would notice the deg atle7 of the chdl7L-
introduced by the Father of the House, Mr. Stewart, Custos of not mean to concur in the justmes of that law ;he did not conceive the 116th page, he declares that he went on purpose '• to take the a son but a daughter also galte evidence awned the father It mole by the Honourable el h ' r h who bleu,'" -
dmionenee. He was not going back le years in the histoey of it to be good or proper, but he would contend that it would not be swear." I
le also said that he wa ppointed clerk, while hI !I 1 ed h • 1 • ••• • . . etn er tor 14 eymout , ore
e t et. RUA was aso stat , t at in anot ler Instal:cc which occurred at the Duke ot nlanchester at one time because he suffered the scs
the Colonies, but they bad the evidence of this emeectable gentle. altogether just to cruidelin nom who acted upon it in a time of that he Mei k 1 I•1fa ht • .
I MX now tle t tines o s situation. la page 13:1 he Jamaica trial., the evidence of a wife was admitted agreed the of the law to take its course, and at 'mother time because he late.
man of facts passing every thy under the obureatien of the emergeney bud alarm• Ily the mete law all secret and unlewful says that u n his approach the con •
:genitors said. d here cower{ I.a.chaltd. He agreed thet Ch the occasion adverted to a f 'reale fered ut nevent it. n mid thst Ise
Assembly, and who still hail the nerve to reject the Hill. 31r. nieetinge were punishable with death, as Were ale') unlawlul oaths, our clerk ;"ix'ar - 1 • • • ' •1 h 1 A Honourable :Member had ed
M yet he deduce thin t 12t was tha hest tufo! id bat had necn eXIIIIOns,-• -ut not the wife ; for his llonottrahle Friend evidence of slaves ought not to be refined on the scare that tem i
Stewart related the due of a women who had letd her neck learning military exerchtes and drinking blood mixed with ruin and going th 1h • np • h 1 1 ~ 10 t3O
ere, ant i e night 0 ,owing t e ast. it tome f, howe or. opposite toast be well aware that the practice of the place was, that malted religious sentiments. Now, it wee only within the kg .
twisted off, but Me mnn who did it could not be brought to guntommiers though in some instances a discretionary power Wag tie amens that the dln
y met every week for a year preceding. In gco'hec parties cohabiting lived together as inan and wi.e. If the Was a rears that the evidence of persons called infidels wall admltte, ~.
tiial ; not because there was no MA for the faet Was whneseed left with the executive to mitigate that punishment to transportation instance, he says that he saw a negro cut his finger ; amid afterwards wife, he condemned the pia •
maple of admitting her evidence • hut if Courts on Justice He would kh t , table leleinbet it 'ee,
1-v seven! negroes, but because that evidence was not legal (Hear.) for life. As a commentary mem tine evils attendant upon a mate of he saw him cut lona d• I blood Ih m d d I I Ib• I I •d • •' ' I I *I
as
t L 11"
'clu
b 11" t -
rm. an nitx ile w t ru an gunpnw er sle mere yeo la 'let , ler me ence would be taken even in Lege fed not iecol.ect teat at the pm t otee Mua-er coo i ' d
,I r• Stewart then asked, had they nut another fact with& their slivery. he begged tn Worn' the Hen. and Learned Gentleman' for tn • men i ~. a
em to (intik. Ile alen spoke ors magician, who Was to reloter laod. Ile did not slate those matters in approval of the systgui, exacitued as a witness in a criminal Case. , Ile did not apPr're
oen knowledge ? Thut in this horn (leingetun) a whits imul, a two this Aet, apparently go exce.jsisci7 mere, was yet passed for i them ineuhier bi b MO I IM i tied!
a c yrn ing t inn w . a brush, and who 421 to Lut he thought that the House had not sufficient grounds to charge I les, uud bad no objection to alter the lee in that respect. ••
.
.
