•
the question. The next.kopic to which I advert. and one
which I cannot speak from ausinwityr but bort, ignersl rumour, 121
the requ:st made to tins mummy, to revive and alter Its policy ste-
wards South America. 'nits was nommunkated in an invitation
to the British Government to attend at • Congress, whore ti.e guts-
than between Spain and her ailonles .As to be comiderett. (hi tie .
refusal of the (testament of this country to attend f o such 'a
poroose, I an: glad to tir.d that the national honour of this country
Ibu been vinsilcsod, and that England is England still. Hem.);
Would to God that at Verona site bad ii like manner refused to
enter into or be an accomplice to any of the n achinationa of the'
Holy or Unholy Alliance. Would that she had there protested
against being a party to the conspiracies which the Monarchs
Etrame had formed for the entliralnient of the liberties of man-
kind ! I will told another declaration, which, although I hare not
before me in writing, yet I have been assured has been made by
his Nlajesty's Government on this subject. It is this: that as long
as France continued in the occupation of Spain, so long this et:un-
try would not consider any movement that may be made by Spain
alone; but that she would regard any naval armament which
might be equipped from her ports as partaking of a French cha-
racter. Whilst spain remains in the state of thraldom that at pre-
vent encompasses her—whilst she continues an invaded nation—l I
cannot otherwise repril her (to repeat an allusion I have before!
made use et), than as a mete fang of the Holy Alliance, by whoch
South America nay be attacked, and a wound implanted in her
bosom. f Her, hear.) Suca is the sense in which I understand
the declarations which have been made by the tinvetornent of this
country ; and indeed I must be dull if I did not undeestand them,
tor I have devoted ninth attention to them, and they are laid down I
in mynas distinct and intelhoible. Towards Spain we hare acted in
the kindliest manner: our friendship. our good offices had been
extended to her. she can complain of nu want of good filth on
our part—and if Spain csanut complain, still has C3:l ally uthet
nation of Europe do so. We have fairly out openly retinal to
Min in any Congress loth them where this question was to be en-
tertained; we have dune an as our duty enjoined, front a sense of
what we felt the interests of this country required ; and should any
of the Continental rowers be displeased with the part we have acted,
it disposed to act luridly towards us in consequence of our conduct,
we stand tipcm formidable grounds, for we have acted in confor-
mity to the riglit of nations, and the established custom at inter_
nattoratlaw. (Hear, hear.) But I throw out with intlii,matim

and disdain the supposition of soy nation presuming to interfere
with es un &exeunt of the condalet we may deem it our right and
our ditty to pursue towards sown .lincrica. Having said wi much
en the expediency of fittrernment to girt effect to its own declara-
tions, I ask, why not adopt this measure now'? And here I speak
of the present time not in a iretaphysical sense. for there are throe
I know who admit time w be only either mot or ititure but I
simply mean as immediately,aa due preparatior.s towanls the recog-
nition of America will permit. And I ask the question, why lade not
adopted„rot with a view of hostility of embanassinent, but in
• ' • ' ' • ' Znd for

the spirit of calmness with which I began the discussion. at. - _
the purpose of procuring an explanatian, in order to satisfy the
reasonable expectattoms of the large and respectable body of per-
sons in ibis country. who have extensive interests cetab!ipbed in
South America. Already we have sent • Conimionontr to Co-
lumbia, whose reception there by Anderas afforded satisfactory
evidence of an anxiety and desire on the part of the Govern-
ment there to obtain our recognition. and our alliance. The
speeches of th.se et:trusted with command, and possessed
of influence, breathist similar sentiments. In reference to
the point of approach, of which this country and South
America should meet towards a recognition of the latter, two condi-
tines wire distinctly understood to be necessary ; tint, that no re-
cognition by this country could tette place whilst a contest continued
to be carried on between the colonies and the mother country ; and,
secondly, bellow that recognition could be final and complete, Eng.
land should be satisfied that a stable. Arm, and efficient govern-
ment Ras established there. It *a* wen understond, and indeed
admitted, that tut+ a. gOverrmient did not: exist in tenth America,
and that no araite.ble :vanish force presented itself there in oppo-
sition to the independence of the colonies. A dilemma then here
presented itself; on either horn of which the would nut use the ex.
of an Honourable friend, that 31inisters must be

• •
as men worthy to be citiwr I of free stain". To the te.tinmr.y
of
I**. Hall leas et iperailded that of a ladr, who hodeLi d Chili, and
who bore testimony w
terosurre with that province of South .t main sod of tile eltur.danat
.1.44! • atstageadef iY able f allelliNCT Clad an.
of ha interne/ resources. %Vali such means it was ititpussible that
America should not assert her independence, and that the discern-
ment and spirit of the 31exican nionnteineer should ne. pcvvede the
whole of South America, and render ft utterl:; impracticable to
revive foreign domination there. Once the market via thrown ',lnn
the prosperity of America must rapidly increase ax veil as that of
this country, and the recoguition of linglantl would be mainly
available to oppose Use libottieles that still renamed to the entire
end perfect freedom of her ports. One word, to eneclusion, on
the alleged causes of delay: the internal agitaion and unsettled
state of Aides were adduced as the natural canoes of delay; but
I walla ask if the delay itself did not aggravate thole eery cause*
which were relented to for its justification? hear, hear.)
Ilmideo, it should be considered how this delay acts upon the feel-
ings of these front whom recogettien sae withheld. This very
mensure :s what would hasten toe cessation of the disorder, you
comphur. of and would render dam pleasing, useful, and accept-
able, which cannot long be withheld. You may delay fora time
the recognition of the rights of Arno ice, but in doing so you only •
widen the breach, you encourage war, you prolong the edusion of
b:trxl, end you at the tame time prevent her tram beconaini:
',mice of profit to yourselves; anti you mar thaw advantages
abounds in—capabilities to yield to herself and to the eivilieed
world. (Cheers.) To Spain nothing now is due by this cour.try ;
and surely it is not for the purporc of prolonging the bleating%
of the rule of Ferdinand the Seventh, that we should deny justice
to A nieries. (Applause.) I would not advise lon to a tiolation
of any declared neutrality_l would no:, fur the commerce of the'
worl.l, lend tnyeelf to an act of injustice. But in recommending
the prtsent measure I WI clear of either of these offencea—my
recommendation is consistent with what you owe to other nation.,
that you would contribute to the consolidation of the liberties, and
the rettortitinn of the happiness of sixteen millions of people. and
that you would not be prevented from doing so from "toy ad m ire non of
the legttimr.te and parental authority of the King of Spain, or
from any auxiety to continue and preserve that sort of justice and
law winch tinder his rule has so rapidly spread over the unhappy
l'entusuln of I:urope. bond Cheers.)
Mr. CA NNlNO—Unqueetionably, I cannot make any corn-
- • - -•- • and Learned

passion
bored, for 1 am dairtrus the delciasion should assume a
calmer and more dispasionate tone) but a dilemma did pre.
sent itself, either part of which xhoukl be adopted, after the
propriety of recognition could no k tiger be denied. Either
South America should be recognised as one general indepen-
dent State, composed of several States united in confederated
alliance, or South America should be regarded its composed
elf sacral separate Stater, in which case the recognition should be
extended only to such States as had achieved their independence.
But in either event the recognition should not be delayill, whatever
may be the limitations by which that recognition may be regulated.
There was no obstacle to such a measure to be found in any
territorial extent of property which the King of Spain paneled in
Scuds Amalie'. Ilse possessions might be briefly comprised in the
enumeration of a castle in Mexico, a hone: in Chili, and a desert
Mond in Peru. It was not to Ike wondered at, if all those pro-
liners did not enjoy the most settled tranquillity and repose. Some
of than, however, had completely succeeded to the overthrow of

the oki dynasty, and to the istabliohntent of a new government
Colombia for instance had either wholly destroyed the foreigner or
expelled him from bee slimes. since their expulsion, throe rem.

Awn,
tentative usenkblies bad been convened, ma • earthling and
effectire administratiim of laws had bees arablishoxi there. So
entirely had she achieved her independence, and so far was she ad-
vanced to the establishuitmt of her freedom, that the General,
Bolivar, by whom those glorious objects hat been seevauplished,
was enablel to retire front Colombia. putting, by his ictireinent,
I.4eistibia'S independence to a test similar to that which was given
by General ‘Vashington by his resignation, on the achievement of
the independence of Sank America. When the services of an
'individual might 'w spared, they were no longer requisite for the
security of a nation. tither parts of South America had also effected
their independence--Buenos Ayres had virtual) y established it
fourteen years ago. It was 'Herd, as • cause of delay of tecugni.
lion, that the provinces of South America were tort in a state of
tranquillity and perfect quiet. And walk it than be said that we
were to wait until South A nierim was not only independent, but
tranquil. (How, hear.) Giti we lay down and tict upon this
!team in our recognition of European sates? Certainly not.
Were we, then, to have one vet of weights and measure for Eu-
rope and another ter Arnim ? Did we net recognise dram. and
yet was not Spain in astate of internal agitation auddisturbance
Loud cries of " •Ilear.") Were we not told of the blessings of
the incasion of a foreign army into her territory ? Were we not as-
sured in this House, that humanity called fur their continu-
ance there, lest the Getious there might rise in vengeful hos-
tility against cacti other, and 'cut 'each other% throats? Were
us not taught to believe Spain required this invading army,
in onier to prevent the bigots of Spain from massacring, not
only the friends of liberty. but all tiullit who were not liiends
to proscription, and every specie% of impression ? (Cheers.)—
And would it then be raid that the internal agitations that may pre-
wail to the provinces of South America would be a title tik the de-
lay of recognition, whilst we recol,mised this very country which
claimed dominion over her, and in which even greater disturbances
prevailed ? (Applause.) Least of all should • complaint emu
fnmk England that South America had not, in the infancy of her
Independence, presented a perfectly formed Dovecot/rent, in all
-ts satisfactory and complete. Should we object to this. who

, .
paint either oi the tone of the omit of try lion. _
Friend. or of the topics which he 1t thought proper to introduce.
If, in the situation in which I liana the observations I shall make
appear to Mar but • small propartiti;i to the extent which he would
ressinitnend the House to go, I hope he will not causider that I
decline to do so, either from the want of a sense of the importance
of his statements. or front any disrespect towards his opinions. Al.
though, as my lion. and Learned kriend ham *tried, the condom..
vial interests of this country must be greatly 'Rated by any niea.
sure that England may adopt, in her rchition with the Spanish
Sr Colonies of South America

Colonies, or rather the kW Spanish Colonies or
yet he is aware also that here are other interests of r.o km import.
once, but of a more daily fluctuation, which should also be consulted.
Into the discussion of those interests I am unwilling to enter, for
I am sensible, standing here as I do, responsible for the opinions
or his Majesty's Government, every word I utter may b: subject
floconstruetions, and inferences may ha drawn, which neither my
Honourable anti Learned Friend nor myself would wish. lam
therefore desirous rather to restrain, than to encourage a disposition
I feel to hillow hint in the various topics to which be 1121,
adverted. I ant &Anon for this reason to confine myself to .he
mere statement of faets, with such qualifitatians only as may
be necessity for the chair understanding of such state.
merit. My Honourable and Learned Friend has given a very able
and accurate analysis of the several steps that have been taken
front time to time in the measures that the Government of this
country has taken towards the recognition of the independence of
South America. And, first, in point of order is .the conduct of
ringland in reference to Spain, of which she had no reason to
complain • and, with Soinh .‘merira we should be satisfied, for,
by the policy of neutrality which she declared and acted upon, the
abstinence of Enghind front interference admitted her to be a power
of belligerent equality, and, pro Melo. tended to rase her in the
• taken which was a still

XV is 1.1( nations: In Inn the nett step was , A who..
greater approximation between this country and South America
by our tecognising her commercial fiag. Shortly afterwards the
breaking out of war between France and Spain occurred ; meanwhile
the sepatation of the colonies remained undecided ; the substantial
recognition of digit independence was delayed by the circum-
,stances of the state of the colonies. Government left nn ground
el complaint, for, from the conamemxinent of hostilities be.
tween France and Spain, it resolved to suspend its dcternii.
nation as to any measures it might adopt towards South Ame-
rica, until the decision of the contest. After that decision,
or rather at the very moment of its declaim, and before its
consequences could be known, a warning was given of the
course this Government would pursue. A joint conference on
this question was proposed, and a proposal was made to England
to partake in its proceedings. In consequence of this proposal,
• communication was made in the first matinee to the other na-
tions, and lastly to Spain, declining on the part of the Government
this uu,. - an joint ----

oe this eountrj to iaks input in the j..—st conference to which
it had been invited. This. I believe, is the last stags to which
the pnoc!edings trd TUE (hi sleet was before adverted

dent State. Toking the matter in this light, and with i sieir to
the acknowledgment of the independence of these States—recogni-
tion he would avoid, since the wutd seemed to he objectionable—
viewing it as not, in the slightest degree, involving us with the
loather country, and still low posaihlsto involve us with any other
State them, hear); for as to any interference, any attempt either
front itussio, Austria, Prussia, or France to lecture this country
upon the time when it wan prudent for her to acknowledge the in-
dependence of South America, he held it to be utterly impossible
to do more than iniagintrit. (cheers.) With these convictions be
. .

trusted such official asaarom.ce.Would speedily arrive, of which, in
point of (act, and to a certain extent, no one entertained the slight-
me doubt, as would remove the only difficulty that seemed to he in
the way of the acicnowltdiment of the independence of these States.
per the rooms agnited tee try Hono,irable Friend the Member
for Coventry (Mr. Ellis) the doubts expriNeed by the Judges—the
general insecurity of our commercial transactions with South Awe-
rica--he wished that the period of their recognition should be tie-
layed to as short a time as possible.
The petition was then entered to lie on the table.
Sir J. 31ACK I NTOSJI, in moving that the petition should be
primed, expressed his satistaction that the Honourable Member foe
London, acquainted as he necessarily was with the impressions
of so hrfe a portion of the conimerend community, was pleased
to approve of the effort that he (Sir J. Mackintosh) had made
on thee otraaion. He had felt It to be his duty to obtain as much
information on this important question as the government would
give, and it wan quite dear that unless this question had been
bought forward by some 3lember of thee House, much of what
had appeared in the statement of the Right Honourable Gentle-
man, and foe the concealment of which he imputed no blame
to hen, must have remained in perfect obscurity. It was ad-
mitted on all hands that the recognition of the Independence
- •

of South America was a question ol the greatest interest to tins
country. In an account which he had read, and which pur-
ported to be a speech of Lord Liverpool's, it was stated that the
exports of this country amounted to 41 millions, of which
17 millions go to the Colonies, and of these 6 millions were ex-
ported to South America. So it appeared that 1-i to of the exports
of this great commercial country proceeded to the marts of a
country whose independence we deferred to romp ise. Ile contended
that there was no political regulation for excluding from the rights
and privileges of an independent Sa'e a cour.try which was the
market of one.seventh part of the exports of this country. On the
employment of capital be had merely to say, that he was not likely
to engage in speculations to that rising country. since he found that
he had employment enough fix hill cayiLal at home. (A laugh.)
But he saw no reasons for condemning the traffic with that country
which appeared to some objectionable. A trading in money at
home or abroad always appeared to him just as fair a trade as any
'thee Iles - And it seas not with the view of enforcing con-

other. ( Ileac.)
tracts now made that those who thus speculated were anxious fug
the seknowledgeinent of the independence of these colonies.
Sir. CAN NIN' ' in c• planation, ' he bed not intended

to in. Parliament. In addition to these , I have only to Half.
that Govertiment afterwards resolved to reserve to itself the right
of acting as it aught think tit s ith respect to the Colonies. It
was anxtous to give Spain the precedency of recognising the in-
dependence of the Colonies. Yall that object, could tt be attained,
it would be expedient and politic Wkoapend our decision. lint die
feet which I ant anxious, and ant prepared to state to the noun, is
this—shut whatever steps we take we will take freely, according to our
own judgment of our interests and daty,and without further reference
to Spain. That is the fact I wish simply to cossomastinicate, and sin
indisposed to accompany it with any explanation of our probable
conduct, which would be liable to misapprehension, or to throw
out any vague conjectures as to any ulterior course. (Hear, hear.)
In my anxiety to avoid the risk to which surh a discussion would
expose me, I would here conclude but for the purpose of availing
myself of the upportunity afforded me by my Honourable and
Learned Friend. of sayisg a few words on the term recognition,
the sense of which has been somewhat mistaken. It is a term to
be undastood in two senses—first, as regards the colonies in
relation to Spain ; and secondly, as regards them in relation to
other countries. When I say Spain teeognites the independence
of the South American colonies, by that recognition she con.
inns a•free Uovernment ; whereas when England or any other
country recognises their independence, she merely makes an
acknowledgement of the fact of her independence, or rather stews
her opinion of that fact. Spain is the parry moat interested in the
question. To be sure, neither fire, sword, nor cony ono, could extort
this recognition ftom Spain, if site had resolved on a positive denial
of it. Although she had not power to maintain that denial in
effect, yet as she had a power to stalicate which we had not, it
would be preferable that her recognition should take precedence,
fir those who wished for the recognition in the minor sense,
would surely be glad to see it in the lint instance
.given in the
larger and more extended. The recognition of Spain gave a de-
i-ce of authority which ours C • not confer. By the former all
obligation was at an end ; by the latter the Culonies were relieved
frmu no obligation, for none pre-existed. The one is a recognition
of fact—the other of opinion. The priority of the recognition of
' ' be -sired, and -- • s effect •

rhadec"
achieved our own independence through scenes of difficulty and
danger—who had to struggle through the cruelties and injustice of
the reign of Ilenry the Liglith—wito had known and felt the perse-
cutions of Papists in the reign of Mary, anti who had known, too,
(sorry sin I to avow it) of the persecutions of Protestants under the
reign of Elicabetli ? It little became us to be surprised at the im.
state of freedom and internal liappinem of South America.ran I should wonder were it otherwise, and should consider that
if her situation was otherwise then it at present was, it would be
inconsistent with the history of all nations, and at varlet c with the
principles of human nature. And was her want of perfect internal
tranquillity (admitting disturbance to prevail to a greater extent
than even was contended for) a reason why this country should re-
fuse her the common courtesies of nations P 1 would be glad to
know what is the precise quantity of agitation which should disqua.
lily a nation from having diplomatic intercourse maintained with

Air. CA N., said, .._ ..ued to
impute any blame to those who had employed their capital in the
way that appeared most beneficial to them in their recent amnesiac I
with South America. All he meant to state was, that. these per-
sons were nut so much interested in the recognition of South Ame-
rica as they were ioducod to imagine. It' his lion. act! Learned
Friend supposed that an eximtation was not prevalent amongst
these capitalists (whale practice had not, though he regretted the
cape, the example of his lion. and Learned I riend to support it),
he could assure him that the repeated communicatlons wl...ch be
had received on this subj,et enabled him to inform his lion, and
llocrned Friend that he was mistaken. (Ilear.)
hie J. MACKINTOSH explained, that the example of the
United States of America cltcrly proved the compatibility of recog-
nition with perfect neutrality. In their recognising the independ.
epee of South America, they seconipanied that Art by the derbies
don, that in the contest between Spain and the Colonies they would,
adhere to a strict neutrality.
Mr. EVANS made a tew observations, which were inaudible in
the gallery.
Sir F. BURDETT was quite unable to collect any thing distinct
or intelligible from the explanations of the Right Honourable'
blentleman opposite. He had, indeed, with a great deal of
ingenuity, and a vast "multitude of words," abstained from giving
them any information. lie would nor enter into those nice
distinctions drawn by the Right Honourable Gentleman between
acknowledgment and recognition. Recognition seemed to hint a
simple word with a simple meaning, and it seemed to hint that the
I recognition of the independence ut those Colonies by this country
would prove a touch greater boon to them than what be believed
they did not are much about—the recognition of their own States.
(Hear, hear.) That State was perfectly unimportant in the
estimation of South America, but with regard to this country, it
wee a very different thing; relations had grown up between this
country and berth Atnerica, most important in a conitnacial
eharactsv, and they were felt hem one end of this idand to the other,
nay more,iteknowliadged even bythe )tight Honourable Gentleman.
It became then a question worthy of consideration, how it could
Kapp n, with such admissions in favour of 'titra it was still

Spain was therefore to .. desire; - would give more to
our recognition, and work more good than any act of precipit incy
en our part. There is another arise in which the term is under.
Mood, against which 1 wish to guard, and which varies from the
simple declaration of opinion I hare above stated; 1 mean that
sense (in which It is sometimes taken). which an expectation of
assistance, alliance and co-operation, and other consetNences net
neversarily belonging to it. Now this was a distinction very lon.
portant to he attenied to . • and whatever might be the advantages
that recognii inn was expected to confer, they would be entirely de.
stroyed, if the boon were given in one sense, and accepted in an..
other. (Hear, hear.) This was the more to be attended to, as 111
nation acting un the principle of neutrality should be caudate of
the marling in which its recognition era new government was to be
understood ; and it should be provided that It did not create ex.
trier • or v.-- expectations. his lion. and Learned

. recognitL
wuhhehl, and he thought his Hon. Friend ( Mr. Ellis) had answer.
ed that question. It 1/111l quite evident that there w 35 soma other
reason nut put forward by the Right Hon. (lent. on this 001:114011,
which made him cloak 'As sentiments in ministerial mystery, sod
that was, that hie Majesty's Ministers had not made up their
minds as to what they should do. His Hon. Friend ( Mr. Ellis)
had too them that the Judges had expressed doubts, and he might
have added what was more remarkable, that the Lord Chancellor
had expressed no doubts (a laugh), for he bad declared, that let
Parliement do as they plowed, he would not recognise the lode.
peptise* of Smith America. (Hear, hear, been) Ile con-
ceived that his Honourable and Learned Friend who had brought
forward ibis petition deserved the thanks of the country ; but be
trusted it would not rem here, that his Hon. and Learned Friend
would follow up that petition by sonic specific motion, so shaped as
to compel Alintsteft to disclose the course of policy they meant to

aitement • ..et aced •
loci. A diplomatic inteires sine wits that which, in my opinion' is Friend hasorrorraierwo casts; which he has thought roperp to sail•
111011*011this subject. The Right lion. Gentleniati 'timid have
the mode best calculated to commence the recognition of the booth the horns a dooms. With every respect Mnions, r hi. opil owe 10
AmericanColunies. had already iontoutliim 1111 l unbitten taxteoo. it does not miasma to lw one. Either (my lion. anal Learned Friend pointed out the advantages that were to moue to England from
sold in order that, eliould any initiates be done to the property of says) you must recognize South America as one mars--as a gems's' this singular inversion of policy ; and on the other hand, what in.
English merchants, through their interfevence it might be redressed. government, composed of confederated states—or you must regard conveniences would be produced by following the plain and straight
This was, as to the fact of equivalent to the situation them as states possessing a separate existence. Now I cannot at all forward coin of reemmition. When it was considered of what
of .Hubaseiodure, whom we sent to the Aileti of Europe, sad there 1011141111 regard Smith America as a government composed dein. imps to the relations of this country will the recognition of
were wawa roams to mending paw. .lusted with each powers mum, becelbbe knowe(oe Wilieb„ tire assembly. or of m the inelepaidencY of thaw States--the gum mischief that must
In • voting and ncently.fortned rowerthan to Governments of older comeituted authority, which assumes die power of enaiting laws es who from keeping the commercial world fa a state of uncertainty
.
establithment. The kiss tranquil a state was., the greater the den. ;of directing the government of the whole of South America It is an @you mere punctilio—he hoped that his Hoe. arid Learned Friend
ger or an attack on property, and therefore the greater I utter irupossibWty, therefore, tovegtwd South Amnia in one nation, would bring the subject before the House. in enter that the grounds
was necessary ; diorites° it was expolient to Invest the person I subject to theasine laws, and surrounded by the same circumstances, of Ministerial reluctame to acknowledge the independence of so tin.
sent out with mom extensive powers, and larger authority. One My Hon. and Learned Friend has stated, and io that I perfectly portant a State might plainly and unequivocally appear. Upon the
of these Conniseioers might proems the redressl of a wrong, but amen, with him, that it is the duty of the Government to take . subject of enforcing past contracts, he knew not what expectations
he could do no more ; whereas. Dlit invested with higher dielematie i every possible 'cans of obtaining that information as to the pre. i capitalists who had invoned their property in South America might
powers, might prevent a war. Whilst a war was canio) me be. Wee condition of South America, which they have not yet ob. ; entertain ; but of this lie was certain, that the recegnition of this'
tweet Spain and the Cokinies, the recognition of the latter might Mined. If it be a reproach, I must, however, plead guilty to igno.. country would give incremed value to their propertyln proportions:
be complained of by Spain ; beyond that, however, nothing i ranee of the condition of these province% ; with respect to them I it would acknowledge the new government.
could justify delay; w r hail Spain a rieht to expect any thing be. I know nothing except what I have obtained from the same waivers 1 Mr. HUME was not satietied with tire explanation offered by the
yond that. Under awls circumstances it would be far prefereble to ! which are open to the lion. and Learned Oentleinen ; and there ! Right Hoo. Gentleman. When it was considered that at one period
Bare an open and avowed represenualve of this Goventment, than i accounts, I admit, COMSIII much truth, though I cannot help think. we had our Consul it Akieel, it was rather singular that no such
to carry on, ure peent, a disguised and tineroweel diplomacy, Mg they arc ocanimally exaggwated. This is all that, consistent Protection should be a heeled to the British eubjects, trading as
which war subject to tiny inconvotietices, and did nut aflord sun. with my duty, I think it necessary so %latent the Honourable anti they did so extensively to South America. Ile %liquid hare mi-
ttens muteethm 'l'u slow, the expediency of ample protection to :anted Gentlemen. Of every principle which he has laid down Meted hoot gie candour of the Bight lion. Gentleman some esbla-
IlritWe interests I would refer to the petition which alluded to from the papers on the table, entirely approve. It will be for natory statanent on that subject. It leleival England to see how
their extent and their daily increase. It stated the catablisinuent hint, in his sound discretion, to determine, whether the program of it came 40 pass that to a tummy where so large a portion of her in.
of a hundred Engliek houses, amp in %ming the increase that recognition, of which he is the advocate, may not be retarded duster and capital was torwinded, protection was afforded. In
of commercial impectance which South America was to this rather than advanced by urging its to a premature discuslee. St. Domingo, most unquestionably, there was every reason fur
, country, they stated that in 112!, the amount of the ex. My ilionourable aid Learned Friend will judge whether it be ex. 'Seeding that protection to Ilritieh inereluents. lie thought that
ports was aetteettellf. ; and in le, Lei 00.01.00!. ; being an in. patient, in a state of things necessarily partaking of so much no. Wecl7, pomade encearagemeni should lie given to the connection
; crease in one year ofltietiltell. Again in the export of coma grinds certainty, to press for a discussion. grown% between these two countries, end to trusted that the recog.
which ware seat euttin begs queatitles both to North and mouth ale T. WILSON rose— 'Mon would be speedy.
America, a Mager quanuty was imported to South than North Mr. O.INNIHO said, his Right Honourable Friend had The petitioners. then ordered to be minted.
Ailettei the amount of exploit to the latter, aoeunling to she atea 'reminded hint that there was one mat of the speech MESSAGE EJIOM THE LORDS.
panful:l, Ming I million-4u the former 411841.1. Wear, hear.) of h liehnuedde wed famed Friend which he lead left can. A message from the Lords announced that their Lordships had
To Mote who may desire inure rumple !emits of the advantages answered. The invitations origheaUy made to this omen by atm' to several Private
that would result ('ruin the setablishutent of ants commercial titter these Colonies hal been renewed and declined. TAIE COLONIES OF BERMUDAS.
with that sometime, I beg us refer lien. Members to the exert. Mr. WILSON again raw. bet from the noiee occasioeved by Mr. ELIAS awed that there should be laid before the House
lent book of I 'amain Boa Hall, who visited many parts of Sunth Gentlemeu leaving the House at this period, be was not heard in extracts, or a copy, nom the report mule by Captain Maemair,,
Anicrirse • *mg. with which, I presume,leendaneu are not un. I the .gallery. We undo him to stew, that the comansoolal lathe ti the Veltman' of Bennuelati.--Urantal.
aciitesitiesd. keg to advert to a 01/11Vetiatill which he same to have !met of the weenie', awl Ms coreeitoents in paticular, were in. SLAVE TRADE.
hail with is moentainew w Meeks). On being asked how he liked wrested ie the recoretion of Obese Colonic:, and the Honourable Mr. WILBERFORCE rune to present • petition, signed by the
the present stated thews, and what Meiection lie enterteined to the sad Lamed Gentlemen had brought forward the subject with so Web Sheriff of Carlow, and several highly rem table geotlemen,
Spinel government ; he replied he did not know much of politics, math ability, sleet he was entitled to the gratitude of aft who felt dleeftweerlng of the dace trade. They coeceived that the conduct of
but he law nu 'taconite for obeying a monarch who was sic thou.l for the independence of Smith America,. his Majesty s government in this cieseirm was compromising and in.
le sand ngues (intent from On being further interrogated, he Mr. ELLIS conceived that the country felt considerably in. abeam It was resident that soneuhing should be 41011•10
sated, ppreienetontnduitel
Ma, ILS another and a strung reason hue preferieg the Imam'
am' levelled in this question, and had radWlneet adjourned without evil consequence of these clothing authorities. He would went his
state of things, that formerly lie paid nine atones fur • shirt, discussing this gelation, he was sues that general dissatisfaction Right Hen. Friend Mr. Canning) tigaird forming his o
w hover tow he only paid two. This was s practical alumnae° of • woad have prevailed. He would wow mere, say that the acknow. the infeematiou derived from pentium on the other side of the water;
the Mooing% ef this leer commercial policy, which it is our interest ledgement of these Colonies as independent Mates, by this country, they was full of prejudices on the subject t the slaves were not
and duty to presume and to reciprocate those advantage% by which would do more good towards allaying the factions that existed In mosisliered Y human beings. In liwbadoes particularly they
mutoel benefit% were bestowed on Olen. It is twice blessed. It South America than the acknowledeetnest of their independence teen held in them at abject coeteuipt. The laws respecting the
blosseth him that gives and him that takes." It was but fair to by Spain itself. Ile expected from the speech of the Right Hon. eau der of slaves were leis severe there than is the other Colonial.
' regard a motile with whom such advantages were tel be shared, as Secretary that this recognition would not be longer delayed than • The feelipassof the people of that Wand had progressive) y increased
caudal to therankard dignity of pet= maws, and wtreat thew his Majesty's Gurenunent might feel abitelto.cl) necessary w the i 4 lielence, and ITRC litre smote egeeperated .bairnthe Znelae

safety of the State. He cou:d rot, homer, /nosh! obaerviag, :hat j Parliament. it wsi imnoasible to expect that the Colint,4
while these protsSlo fermignhloh, tor so he might tents them, : lathers wisold miry into diet the recommendations of p..i Ar••
ode made by!his hilajes.y's Government in that 'louse, doubts t unless some strong measures were resorted to, a. d the exewe' "Act
were thruwn out in Courts of Justice. something approaching to ! enmity of Patliament enforced. The lion. Gentleman t1;:n. referred
Resolutions made in these ('trans hever to recogniae the indept n- : mine acts of injustice on the pan of ow lisobadian A ir
chancy of the c States. (lime, hear.) These cairn-saint:a. proceed- !against the rights of the colonrcd people in that island ; they cash 'Y
ing trom such a qua.:er, leer: CA:Cs:LOLA to shake the faith of the . the most wretched rind depressed set of persons then eeaid ~
commercial world, arA greaq to hmrde and =barna all our . imagined with the nominal possession of freedom. .„„
'
mercantile relations with those neateneaten.to say tlnir samOition was far n:ore tole; Ale in Jamaica, re
i11if8.1411.131 did not rise to protract this d!scumion, but , limn Gentleman then real extracts from an Add-no bran thefioS
he must be permit eel to express his gratitude to his lion. and ! coloured people of ilarbadoes to the Governor, and geo
frsea
Learned Friend, for the masterly and comprehensive view he had the reaohmions peened by the Colonial Legislature in c ,w;we
taken of this question, second to nohe ir. iu insp. native. He was of that Addree‘ The .pirit of the fatten document was ohm;
exceedingly sitti.ti,d with sobs' part. of the Sillekeh of the Right SUlrsC44.llt ohew how disuissihie were the charac.ers of the (silo.
lion. Secretary for Forego Affairs; hc rather thought that the pc. I nisi Legisleurew Who could suppose that such bodies woinj
tioners themselves would be penectly satisfied with the greater lay aside their prejudices, and co-operate wish Parliament -4
part of what lead fallen front the Right Hon. tit:airman. With measure's which they falsely conceived to be highly irjorious :0
no pan of what the Right lion. Gentleman hail uttered, would the, their Monists ? it was therefore peculiarly i,eunihent en the
petitioners and the people of England generally feel more satisfied British Parliament to interfere hi support of their own anchorite
than that in which he had though': tit to i.tate, that this Govern. j and their desire to ameliorate the condition of the elate ponaintiZ;
spent would adopt no step--wuul.l yield to no renionanacce— I against the violent and disobedient conduct of their Colmiud
its
would listen to no solicitation, however pressing. calculated to fet-hmintdice• Pathan cot would nttt interfere. the". in fact, the
ter them in their isroccedings with South America. tie was satia- , Colonies were Mileprulent of this country. The Hoe. GentLnain
lied that this pun of the Right lion. tientlentatia speech would'/ concluded wish nsortog that the petition be brought up.
produce universal satialaceion—that it would resew the puolie as. alr. BERNAL complained of the conduct of the Hononnble
surince in the ultimate and speedv recognition of these Colonies. 31enslx r for Member. who at the elate of thetiemion, without my
Frills the sentiments of the Right iimi. ..entleinsn. he thought it notice lad brought turward so many serious charges sown the
might reasonably be concluded, that to the recognition of these Cointihms- Why hod he not given some intinAtiol3 of hha inter.
Suites he only wanted official or atithoritative communications, by !Sims so that they might have been prepared with swipe explanation
which
he
an
wet
mewl" information from our own awe. •of the affronting charges be Lad made against them ? 'l' he lion.
ditcd agonts in those pert.. This, Isis admitted, was in wtrictrons Gentleman complimented Jamaica at the expense of Basheoweenecessary, to enable the Government of this country to pronounce sod lire minutes afterwards he turned round and asked whaher
the formal acknowledgment of these States. Vet, when it was even • Parliament would trust Jamaica, after the late expulsion of two
now known, not indeed from NO authentic a source, that one of brown persona from that island ?The Honourable Gentleman had
these States, at least, had teemed a substantive exister.ce, it was bemight together into his apmch all the ernoomwey circa
tolerably certain that its independence must yeedily be recognised, he would tied against the Colonists. lie had shown his went of
Ile must observe. that there was every iniazinside difference be. candour in his allusion to the debates on the abolition of the slave
tween the acknowkdonent of the !hither Country mid the base : trade. An lion. ale:tuber. it seems, had stated in those debates,
recognition of an independent Sate,fer the arrangement of our that all the navy ot Great Britain could twit prevent the introduction
own foreign relations ; which arrangements might be ben.. tor !laves into the West Indies. Did the Hon. Gentleman tMr.
tidal to both countries, though in all cases it was not aleso. ‘Vilbertorenh, by repeating this statement, mean to Insinuate that
lutely neassary that they should even prore beneficial. tent- I the Legislative Assensidies hi the colonies now monies' at the
tit, in this case, was not unfrequently the main object, but it I illicit importation of slaves ? Was it fair or eandid—was it worthy
WA/ not always incidental to the acknowledgment of an indepen. jof the character of a Christian and aB fl ritish enator to launch
•

. ge.
Waal ii.teztives against the Amen* of Ja*mica. because, in a
moment of irritation. they lied perhaps dealt himbly with respect to
two persons of suspicious conduct Could such a circumstance jus.
tify the sweyping charges brought by the Hun. Gent. against the
whole of the Colonial Legislatures, for the treatment of the co.
loured population? (Hear.) Asa man, • genther.an, and a Brithi
senator, he (Mr. 11.)dmied that the inhabitants t f Jamaica bad rot
manifested every disposition to ameliorate the condition of thew
agricultural labourers and domestic slaves. Ile repeated with rot.
lidence that every effort had been used, both by the resident

and absent ieoprietors, to promote every plan for chit objlet. There
might be individual exceptions, but he spoke of the geoeral (tithe&
The lion. 31ember for liramber wished to accomplish is a for
months, what history proved had never been effected under
some centuries. Could the Hon. Member seriously suppose. that,
by a few speeches in that House the evil of inveterate slavery was
to be destroyed ? Such an expectation was contrary to erm) ne..
eiple of the philosonby of human nature. It would be a muscle
if sus!) a result could be acxumplisheil. When the late Mr. Dur..
dace (laird Melville) had advocated the abolition of the slave trade,
he had disclaimed the remotest idea of emancipation. It was true
that the coloured people of Barbadoes lay under such disadvantages
as die lion. .M nnber represented, certainly theirs rasa casco( bad.
ship; but the lion. Member was compelled mallow that the coloured
inhabitants of Jamaica were not in a similar condition. If the Hon.
Member thought that the irritation of the West India Wendt
maid be allayed by the COl/114 be tidlowedt if be could mantle it
with the true spirit of Christianity, if he argued It magnate to
the cool, collected. and unbiassed judgment of a senator, be (Mt.
Bernal) joined issue with him. The continual strain of invective
against the Colonists could have no tendency but to increase the
existing imitation. He could not even trlve the lion Member for
&amber credit foe judgment. 1% by else was he not willing

good j•
to meet the Colonial Legislatures half way in the spirit of chanty
and brotherly union, instead of outraging them with invectives. in.
suits, and savors ? No statement could be more unfounded than
that of the Hun. 31ember, that since 1;97, the Colonists bad made
not the slightest attempt to improve the condition of their slaves.
Mr. Secretary CANNING said, he row rather with the desire,
than with the hope of bringing this debate to a close. (Hem, bear.)
After the full discussion that Session of the expaliency of the
wssesures taken by his Majesty's Government, to give effect to the
willies of Parliament, as expressed in the resolutions passed last
year, recommending the conduct which they judged it proper for
Government to pursue; he had hoped an attempt would not
bare been made to revive in this shape, the consideration of the
plea formed by Government In pursuance of the resolutions of
radiomen. His Honourable Friend (Mr. Wilbetforce) knew the
great respect and sincere regard he had fur him, and he would
therefore excuse him fix saylog that he must make up his mind to
let Governmetit puhue the course they had resolved uposs„...in
. .

purpuance of the irialtes of Parham/in, or if be was disistiilled
with it, he ought to being the subject fairly. before the flout&
and contrast with it - other phut which he t Wane !IV

wan it say .an he thought more cape.
diem, and let the House discus& the whole question. The oast
unfortunate of all the courses which his Hon. Friend weld follow,
was that of apparently &equine:lag in the conduct of Government
when the question was before the House, and afterwards taking
every opportunity to express his regret that some other principle
had not been adopted, and some other plan pursued. (Hear, hear.)
His lion. Friend complained that the plan of Governmeat was a
slow one ; he (Mr. Canning) answered, that the evil was the punk
of ages. Wu a rapid renedy practicable for the indication of such
an evil? But whether the plan weft wise or otherwise, it was such
as Parliament had agreed to ; and he threw back tram himself and
his colleagues the responsibility with which his Hon. Frieed
charged them, upon those who interrupted the progress of that
plan, if it should end in disappointment. (Hear, hear.) Puha-
meat and Government had not been immesh!, to the proceedings
of the Jamaica Legislature, and the Assetnblita of the other llks.
looks; and they had been not less inclined than his lion. Friend
to discountenance the feelings in which those proceedings seemed
to have originated ; but they had thought it best to pass by
all those demonstrations of ill wawa, and trust to practical
fur ultimately reconciling the Colonies. (Hear, bear.)
But it was not consistent, that while all theme topics had been ad-
visedly flung aside by Government, his Hon. Fnend should be de-
unnined on every occasion to bring forward allegations against the
colonists, which must interrupt the progress of the plan adopted by
tiovernment at the suggestion of Parliament. If that plan was to
be suceusful, it must at least be pursued with temper. But if, on
rodeetion, it was thought by any party that the plan was too slow,
and the resolutions of Parliament not sufficiently rigorous, the
opinion ought to he brought to the test of a fair discussion. If it
was thought that Parliament ought to assert in broad teems the
supremacy of the Mother Country, let the question be brought
Were the House; but let there not be a temperate course of
action and an indamed course of argument. (lieu, hear.) Il
Galt it a most difficult subject, and while perseverance, steadiness,
mud a sincere intention were necessary on the one part, temper,
1. forbearance, and much allowance, were equally necessary cm the
other. His Hun. Friend had objected to the experiment, if it

.
might with propriety he so that it had sot rightly been
begun in Trinidad. But Government had quite sufficient grounds
foe adoptin* that Colony in the first instance in preference to other.
His lion. t fiend (Mr. Wilberforce) had now disclatited his coo.
science towards the subject of his greatest anxiety, and if he thought
that any other man would be likely to produce better erects thaa
had already been produced, he (31r. Canning) implored hint to
being it betore the Hoare • but it was matter of complaint that the
subject was brought furve;rd at the close of the Session of Parlia-
ment, when no nu:ice had been given of any such intention.
Mr. ‘I'II.HERYOHCE said, that he had given notice of his
intention to present the petition.
Ali. CANNING allowed that Hon. Gentleman had given
notice of a petition, hut not the one now before the House.
Dr. LUSHINGTON referred to some Jamaica papers of a
recent date, which contained an account of the government of that

Island towards two persons. Lessane and anti-thenTM Boa.
Dendeman suited, that it was his intenties early in the pelt Seas
sion of Parliament to bring the subject before the Ilowse, when
he hoped his Majesty's 31snisters would be prepared to produce
the documents connected with the ease. The two itidividuals to
whom he alluded, after having been released be the Coen of
king's Bench of Jamaica, had been arrested and sent to St. Doe
using° lie woad not say that the Duke of Manchester was out
prepared with tuts to justify his conduct, but be would say that
those facts must he of the must unquestiooable nature. Those two
individuals were both owners of slaves, and both possessed of cam
siderable propene.
Mr. lICSKISSON observed, that it had been stated by the
Hon. Member t Dr. Lushington) on a former night, that the cause.
of the insurrection in Demerara was the cruelty of the managers of
the estates. He (Mr. Iluskisson) had spoken to his lion. Friend.
the Member for IPoodstoek (who owned the plantation Success)
on the subject. and he had never heard of it.
Mr. W. 8311TH could say with pleasure, that although the
people of the Island of Barbadtves did at one time 'eject all pm-
pomitans fix the abolition of the stave trade, they now used all
their exertions to prevent the importation of slaves.
Mr. F. BUXTON thought that the charge brought by the Right
Tian. Gentleman (Mr. Calming) against his lion. Friend (Mr.
Wilberforce toe discussing improperly the present question nen
was not fairly made. He (Mr. Buxton) was convinced that the
question which had then been agitated, would, sooner or later, he
the means of rehevire seven millions of our fellow-creatures from
the greatest misery to which human nature could be liable. Nen"
in the whole course of his lite had he tumid occasion to regret the
part be had taken on this subject, and he was determined never VI
abandon it. Ile did think that it was in the power of his It
j,sty's Ministers to deliver the descendants of the West India
slaves from the miseries of slavery. It was his lion opinion. that
if an extension of their privileges were granted to the slaves the;
would become good *objects; but if they were withheld, the co- -
sequences might be seek as be chiseled to mention in that Hoon
%I oh respect to the tennsactioess which bad been alluded to as Ilse-
hadoex, it was nut now the time to enter into particulars; bet he
would then give a public notice that he into :dad to call the at er.
thin 0 the House to it early in the next t.esainet of Parliament.
when he would bring before the public one of the foulm instant.,
of oppression that ever disgraced the West Irides island&
lit
would for the present ask of the Hasa opposite
W. Horton) if any steps had been taken in this ? and whetter
the order in Council was to extend to all the Colonic es well as to
Demerara ?
Mr. W11.310T HORTON, in reply, read a Etter which de-
dared his 31ejesty's displeasure against thaw who had been cot`
sheeted in the affair alluded to at Basbadoes. The Honourable
Gentleman stated, that although sem meant had been used 10
• • king the perpetrators to justice, in consequence (if the dithcehies
to be encounters]. it had nut yet been done. The legal commie'
awn now iu Trinidad hard directions to 114: cor.atant Inkraletia
