FOR THE USE OF SCHOOLS,

The Third Eilition(l;;Ctiiiiir;ved by a graduated scale of com-
mencing Exercises), price 2s. lid. bound,
ELEMENTS of LATIN II EXAAIETERS, and
PENTAMETERS.
By the Rcv. It. BLAND.
The Exercises contained in this little Collection have had the test
of satisfactory experience at ore of the greatest Public Schools.
Printed (by assignment of John Robinson) fur W. Simpkin and
R. Marshall, Stationers Hall-court, Ludgate-street.
Of whom may be had, price 2s. bound, the 2d edit. of
SYNTACTICAL EXAMINATION, or Questions and Ex.
ampler adapted to the Syntax of the Latin Grammar.

DR. POWER ON MIDWIFERY.—SE(YND EDITION.
This day is published. Bro., As. boards,
ATREATISE on 11111)H] EERY ; developing new
Principles, which tend materially to lessen the sutkrings of
the Patient and shorten the duration of Labour.
The Second Edition, considerably improved, and illustrated
with numerous eases ; comprising also additional observations on
the premature expulsion of the ovum and retention of the placenta.
By JOHN POWER, M.D.
Physician Accoucheur to the New Wesunineter Lying-in Charity,
and to the Dorcas Society • Member of the Royal Medical So-
ciety of Edinburgh, and Lecturer on Midwifery and the Dis-
eases of Women and Children, &c. &c.
" We are inclined to think our author has bmught forward many
ingenious views and anggested many useful measures relative to the
principles and practic.! of his art.' —3l'xlico-Chirurgical Journal,
Oct. 1519.
" This book contains much sound practical information."—Lon-
do: Medical Repository, May, DRY.
London : Printed for W. Simpkin and R. Marshall, Stationers'
Hall-court, Ludgate-stmt 1 John Anderson, jun. Edinburgh ;
and Hodges and Al'Arthur, Dublin.

This day is published, price 611. bound,
ACONCISE NEW GAZETTEER of the WORLD,
for the Coe of Schools ; describing the respective situation,
extent, and boundarie4 of its great natural features and political
disisisne = exhibiting the pronunciation of the Names, and supply-
ing a Vocabulary of Nouns and Adjectives, derived from names of
places. illustrated by seven Maps. en,t7r;ed in the best manner,
on steel. By C. EARNSIIAIV.
Printed for G. Cowie and Co. London; and H. Morley, Derby.
Of whom may he had.the Sixth Edition of .

BIG Plll'. with new Alaps and other im-
iroventenvi. Price ta. &I. bound.

TMs day is published,
NEW EDITIONS or the late 51r.
.110NNYCASTLE'S

'WORKS, revised and very conviderably in:proved by Himself*

and his Son. . . .
I. THEf3CHOLAWS GUIDE to ARITHMETIC;
or, • Complete Eatreite Bunk, fur the Use of Schools;
with "totes. containing the Reason for every Rule, deduced front
the most simple and evident principlia. Twelfth Edition, pricc
31. ed. bound.

2. A KEY to the ahem, Tice .Is. &I. bound.

3. An INTRODUCTION to ARITHMETIC; or, a Com-
plete Excretive Book, for the Use of both Teachers and Students;
Leirg the First Part of a General Conn.; of 3lathematies. Octavo,
vice Ipa. boards.
'4. An INTRODUCTION to MENSURATION and PRAC-
TICAL GEOMETRYI with Notes, containing the reason of
cvery rile. Thirteenth Edition, price 4s. 6d. bound.
L. A KEY to the above, prior 4s. bound.
fi. An INTRODUCTION to ALGEBRA, with Notes and
itistrratimrs, designed fin. the Use of Schools and other Pisces of
Public Education. Twelfth E lition, price 4s. bound.
7. A KEY to the above, price es. bound.
It. A Tit EATIoii. on ALGEBRA, in Practice and Theory,
with Notes and Illustrations; containing a variety of Particulars
relating to the Discwerlirs and Improvements that have been made
in this branch ofAnalysis. Second Edition, two was. Bvo. price
230. hoards.
P. A TREATISE on PLANE and SPHERICAL TRI
DONOMETRI', with the most useful Practical Application.
t)ctavo. price 12s. boards.
le. ELESIENTS of GEOMETRY, containing the principal
Propositions in the that 6, and the I Ith and 12th Books of Euclid,
with Critical Notes. and an Appendix, containing various Particu-
lars relating to the higher Parts of the Science*. Sixth Edition,
price Ws. 41. boards.
11. „in INTRODUCTION to ASTRONOMY, in a Serie* of
'men from a Preceptor to his Pupil, In which the moat useful and
interesting parts of the Science are clearly and familiarly explained.
Mu:armed with Copper-plates. Eighth Edition, livo. price 13s.
!ware

iron; J. Nunn; T. (radial ; Lcurg-
John Riclundoon; Baldwin and Co.;
W. R. Whittaker; J. Duncan; T.
3larsh.;ll, London; and forStcrling

PRICES OF FOREIGN STOCKS YESFERI) Alt.
Austrian Scrip, be I 4i5j31 pr. Spanish 6 per Cant. Cons. 241 I
Ditto Bonds.
.. i IL
Chilian Bonds, 771 Ili Ditto .o. Ant.
Ditto for Ace. 7(7 Ditto 170 & 255 Bonds,
I Womb. Beads, SiiB(6 Ditto 83 ditto
Do. fot•Aecountt 66-6 i
31 3 Ditto ? per Cts, (1823) 105

Neapolitan Bonds, 81
Prussian Bonds, 911 '
Ditto for Account,
Ditto Bonds (1822). 191 i
Russian Bonds, 89gi
Ditto for Acct. 89j
Ditto 3lettallic Stoc
Portuguaac Bonds,
Mex. 3Mbos, el ff.

COURSE OF EXCIIA
Amsterdam C. F. 12 2
Ditto, at sight - 11 19
llonerdam . 12 3
Antwerp - . 12 4
liarnhurgh . 37 5 I
Altona . - 37 r'
Paris, 3 days' sight 25 GO
Ditto - - 25 MI
Bourtleaus - 25 80
Berlin . - 7 10
Frankfort-on-the-Main 1551
Fetersburgh . 9
Vienna - . 10 10
Trieste - • 191•
Madrid . 34,
Cadiz - - 351
°dhoti
Barcelona A
Seville . • 351/4
.Gibraltar - - SO

Ditto (4 the. Account
Spanish Minds (1821),
Fr. Rents', 98(. 24c.
Do. Ex. 25f. Bk.
Do. Scrip. 7f PT.
Danish Bonds.
Ditto Marks HMCo, 92i
Mex. Scrip, 41 pr.

i NOE YESTERDAY.
Leghorn
Genoa . - 43
Venice - - 27
Malta - . 45
Naples • - SSA
Palermo . 116
Lisbon 62
Oporto . . 52
Rio Janeiro - 49
' Bahia . . 51
Dublin - 9
Cork • -

HIPLLION•
r. s. d.
Portugal Oold in coin 0 0 0
Foreign tiold in ban 5 17 6
Nair Doubloons 0 0 0
New Dollars 0 4 01
Silver in bars 0 4

MAILS.
Alaivan-1 Lisbon and I Flanders.
Dva-2 tionenburgh, I Hamburg'', and I Holland.

KING GEORGE lir. PROC LAIRRG.-11oliday at all the Public
Offices this day.

Ehe Brad* WOO.

The BsITIIII Press commenced publishing isms:day mss•
ing at five o'clock.

LONDON, SATURDAY, JANUARY 31, 1824.

The French journals of Tuesday contain a proclamation
of Sir Thomas Maitland's, the Lord High Commissioner
of the lonian Isles, in perfect accordance with the spirit
with which he has for years administered his government
in thew islands. This proclamation is dated from Corfu,
on the 20th of last December, and will be found in our
columns. It states that, on the 10th and 12th of that
month, one of the most flagrant violations had taken place
of the territory of Santa-Mauna and Ithaca, by some armed
Greek vessels, under the conduct of a man called the Prince
lfavrocordato, in opposition to every recognised principle of
neutrality and the rights of nations. In consequence, the
High Commissioner, with strong expressions of his most
high displeasure, orders these two islands to undergo a
penalty of quarantine, and to be shut out from all comma_
nication with the other islands for no less a period
than thirty days; and the Inspector-General of thc
Department of Health is ordered to transmit imme-
diately the necessary orders to that effect. His Excel-
lency then declares the expressive grief be feels for the
inconvenience and injury that will be sustained by the two
islands from this arbitrary measure, and gravely talks of
the independence of the lonian islands, placed under the
protection of his British Majesty, being compromised by
men who profess to combat for their liberty, and would
render his government—if it passed by " the man called
Maurocordato's" touching on the shores of barren Ithaca,
in silence—an accomplice in those frightful massacres and
horrible atrocities that on this occasion (the High Commis-
sioner asserts) and on many others, have marked the con-
duct of the parties engaged in this contest. The Cos•
stitutionncl has an indignant paragraph on this arbitrary
proclamation. It dwells markedly on Sir Thomas Mait-
land's designation of the Greek Prince as an individual
called Prince Maurocordato. The latter, the French Pa-
per remarks, possessed that title among the Greeks, 44
Fanar, when the) were subject to the Turkish yoke; but
since his countrymen shook off that detested bondage,
and he attached himself to their standard, the Prince be-
came a simple citizen, and resigned every appendage that
could recall the former slavery of his country. Sir Thos.
Maitland (the Paris paper states) complains bitterly of a
people engaged in the combat for liberty, violating the
rights attached to freedom in another. We recognise (the
Ccnst it utionnel adds) as strongly as the British Governor,
the difference between free principles and a tyrannical
Government. But this paper cuttingly asks, " hit on the
coasts of Epirus, in the face of Parga, and in the neigh-
bourhood of Italy, that an English Governor can thus ex-
press himself before all Europe ? We do not yet know what
mighty infringement of the lonian independence Prince
Maurocordato committed, when on his way to Western
Greece to relieve Missolonghi : he might have touched at
Santa. Maura, or Ithaca, and its inhabitants, with the
feelings that must animate them in the same cause,
might have supplied his little 'squadron with provisions
or ammunition ; and for this they are condemned to a
quarantine of thirty days, under the name of British
protection !—for the sovereignty of those Islands is not vest-
ed in the Crown of Great Britain: we are only their pro-
tectors. But it is of a piece with the whole conduct of Sir
Thomas Maitland since he assumed the government. It
is for this statues have been raised to him ; and such a pro-
clamation he calls neutrality between the hapless Greeks
and their ruffian oppressors ! ll'ho can wonder if the people
of Santa-Maury and Ithaca, or of Cephalonia, Zante, or
Corfu, had manifested their zeal for the success of that
great cause, which, if triumphant, rescues their country-
men from the bondage of centuries, and gives their com-
mon country again a glorious existence and a name? And
this is guilt in the eyes of Sir Thomas Maitland, and calla
for the arbitrary proclamation and measures he has adopt-
ed! If this be British protection, what is Turkish oppres-
sion? for we can see little difference, as the High Commis-
sioner interprets the former. But in despite of his pro-
clamations and quarantines, Greece will be free; and she
is acquiring new strength every day.
The following letter from Bayonne reached us last night.
It states the death of Casa Irujo, which had been hourly
expected : his dissolution frees the deceased Minister, who
is said to have been "an honest, worthy man," from a
world of cares; but his decease will make no change in
the Government while Ferdinand reigns supreme. The
report of the cession of the Balearic !ales to Russia is again
renewed in this letter ; and the arrival of a Russian contin-
gent in Spain, to keep down the provinces, is talked of con-
fidently. We do not credit this report. Muis nous verreme.
BAYOX XE, J eY U ARY 22.
We have letters from Madrid of the 10th. The death of Cass
frujo, the Prime Minister, though matter of regret, as lie was an
honest, worthy man, makes but little sensation, considering him
merely as Minister. The King continues to issue decrees, some
of which relate to the finances, which are the weak part of his ad.
ministraticn. It is affirmed that he has also created a Prevotal
Court, the secret powers of which will be almost unlimited, and
which will have to proceed with th.: utmost rigour against whatever
has the appearance of being Constitutional.
We learn from Segovia, that assistance has been called for in all
haste against a mutiny of the artillery of Ciudad Rodrigo, prisoners
at Alpinac, who sing the Tragula, and cry, " Death to the King,
and the t'onstitution for MET!" The poor militiamen continue to
be harassed. At Cuenca they cannot venture to leave their dire!.

Printed for C. and J. Rivini
Mall and CO.: J. M3WMall •
She-raw:l and Ca. ; O. anti
; an.l Simpkin art!
ind ?siatic, r.dinburgh.
