lame that.belong to authority. A Message from
the 10SO was coilinsunicatedyosterday evening to
both Houses of Parliament, occompained by cer-
tain papers respecting the conduct of her MAJESTY
Noce her departure from Eiogland, which are re-
:commended to the earnest attention of Parliament.
The Message intimates that tins proceeding has
been adopted in consequence of the landing of the
()oasts. which " leave, no alternative" to the
KING, hut to submit the cape, however "painful
the disclosures and discussions roost be to his feel-
logs," to the wisdom of the Legislature.
This intimation was received, in the House of
Lords with solemn and dignified;silence, suited to
the reserved character of the House ; but in the
House of Codimone it gave occasion to a warm and
highly-interesting discussion upon the character of
the terms offered to her MAJESTY by the Ministers
of the Cronn, in the letter addressed by Lord
Hurcutusora, so
,the KING'S confidential agent,
to Mr. BROUGHAM, as the QUEEN'S confidential
adviser. This letter will hr found in 'toddler part
of our Paper. Mr. BENNETT and several oilier
Members severely arraigned the conduct of the
Ministers iu presuming to propose to a Queen of
England to renounce her dignity, to brand herself
with infamy, justify every calumny which malice
or 4otred could affix to her name, and become a
voluntary and degraded exile, Omit she might for
• few years longer enjoy the purchase of her
fame, rank, and honour in a foreign conniry !
The warmth and enesgy with which Mr. BENNETT
and other Member. alluded to this subject, could
not elicit any explanation from Lord CASTLE-
REAGH. who, with his usual coldness of nii r,
declined saying any thing upon the subject, moil
the proper 11111 l nent should arrive for entering at
large into the discussion of the silliject.
This evroing the Miiiisters will move in both
Houses for the mpiiiiiiitrnent of Secret Cornmaitees
to examine the papers communicated to Parlia-
ment, whose dill it will be, as Lord LtvEttroot.
remarks, to suggest the mode of iirocertling which
it may he proper to pursue in the present delicate
affair. It cannot butt be felt by Parliament and
the country that this mode of proceeding in the
first instance, on the part of the Ministers of the
Crown, is open to many serious constitutional ob-
jections. The most important is, that by thus
throwing themselves upon the discretion of Parlia-
mentary Committees, the Ministers relieve them-
selves altogether from that constitutional responsi-
bility which ought to be annexed to reel), measure
pursued by the legitimate advisers of the Crown.
If the Ministers avowedly confined themselves to
such • proceeding in Parliament as would, on the
event of • decision unfavourable to the QUEEN, ter-
minate in a specific law pronouncing a divorce be-
tween their MAJESTIF.S, then on application in the
first instance to Parliamentary Committees might
possibly be free from the objection derived from the
principle of personal responsibility, winch •should
ever attach itself to the Ministers of the Crown;
but Lord LIVERPOOL. declared yesterday even-
ing, that the object of the Committees would
he " to suggest," generally, " what mode of
proceeding ought to be adopted." Therefore,
whatever course the Committees, upon the rx-
panic-coloured, and perhaps false statements that
will be laid before them, should suggest, whe-
ther it be criminal procedure, • bill of divorce, or
of perpetual banishment from England, the Mi-
nisters of the Crown would be equally exempt from
all responsibility. Her MAJESTY will, however,
have many strong objections to urge to the esti..
bliahiment of a tribunal—such as is now proposed
for the investigation of her condole'. The evi-
dence being, as we have already noticed, ex
parte, and offered in private, must necessarily
prejudice the minds of the .lodges, and no op-
portunity will be afforded to the accused to meet
her enemies, rebut their charges, show the in-
credibility of their testimony, or explain her con-
duct. Her MAJESTY will be placed in a far worse
condition than that in which she found herself when
on a former occasion of a similar nature the KING
referred the charges relatinz to her enmities to
four Noblemen, Lords ERIKINE, GRENVILLE,
SPENCER, Lod ELLENBOROUGH. I conimitiol•(l
them to hear evidence and report the result to his
MAJESTY. Yet she then eornplailltd. mod very justly,
that 110 opportunity was off.r.led to her to answer and
repel the allegations urged against her. and that on
appeal could he made from the decision of the
Commissioners to any open tribunal recognised '
by the constitotioa of the country. Should
the opinions of the Committee, from the causes
we have mentioned, prove unfavourable to the
QUErN, is it likely that the public will
acquiesce io their decision ? Can the matter be
fairly canvassed in Parliament, while the evidence
is kept secret ? Can Parliament, with a due regard
to its own dignity, to the character of its pro-
ceedings, and the honour of the Crown and
country. proceed to severe bgislative measures
without carefully examining the evidence adduced
against, the QUEEN, end hearing her MAJESTY'S
defence? To these quest' the country must
answer in the negative. It was not for such • trial
that /ler Mai:MITT has braved her enemies, and re-
posing, as from her actions we must presume,
on the consciousness of her own innocence, re-
jected with diodaio the ineulting offer of selling
her lease, her honour, and her dignity. if the
• Ministers of the Crown Imre sulicieut evidence to

substantiate • charge of freemen against her,
they ought to pursue it opt-illy before PArliameut
and in the free of her country, fur it is by a pubic
trial alone that the truth of tile allegution, urged
against her Call be di.rovrretl, Lia if is alone cairn..
laird to enslile her MAJESTY to prose her Ma°.
cence sod to complete the triumph of justice.

Dutch Papery to the 3.1 jilotatit arrived hest
night. The following are rxtract•:— •

♦w!TRRDAM, WILY 49.

try have accounts from the island of Java, that the 'gnat
(Iron of the Netherland', commanded by Rear•Arlasirs-
IVoitertirr k, closely bleirkirdr" the river of Pilemhang, and
that the Sultan hay already made many fruitless elleapts to
open a negociation.

• Bit I'S‘IFIA, MAT 30.
General CEmbrone hie wanted the command of the
(norm of Lille. The Magiatrates in the northern depart-
ments of France Colliinite to seize both pamphlet% that come
from the interior of the kingdom, and journals from other
countriea.

11 is said that two foreigners, Who . write for another jottr.
nal of this city, hare received orders to quit the kingdom.
The printer ■nd the editor of the weekly joorual called
;Utopia, were set at liberty ow lbw 20th df this inuntly by
the Chamber of Accusation of the Court of Justice at the
Hague; nothing is known as to the fate of the author of
Ibis journal, who is still in prisou at Amsterdam.

IItOCE, MAY 31.

The hope that the importatios of grain into ieselased will
soon be allowed, leas induced some En! houses to pur-
chase in the German purls the best wheat ■nd oats whit*
they can obtain.

Paris Papers of Saturday last have arrived at
our office. The debate upon the first article of the
law of elections, and upon the amendments which
were proposed to supersede it, was the order of the
day in the Chamber of Deputies on Friday, but
the members wasted their time in a vale and fruit-
less altercation upon the question of priority with
regard to the article amid amendments respectivelr.
The previous question was tiitally proposed by M.
Rovita•Coi.t.aaD, for the purpose of rescuing the
Chamber from this embarrassment, but on a scru-
tiny the previous question was rejected by a ina.
jurity or six. It was then agreed to suspend the
original altercation until the following day.

A private letter from Madrid, of the 23d of last
mouth, in the Gazelle de France. states, that the
tranquillity of that capital had not bees disturbed
since the imprisonment of the deputies sent by the
Lorencini Club to the King. Immediately after the
arrest of these persons, deputies from all the mili-
tia) corps in Madrid presented themselves before
the KING. and assured his MAJESTY of their fide-
lity and devotion to his service. Tranquillity has
been re-established in Suntrap..
The elections for the Cortes continue with ac-
tivity through t the kingdom, and every where the
clergy seem to be the prevailing candidates. This
circumstance is regarded as an authentic proof that
the miss of the Spanish' people are hostile to the
principles of the constitution. The Deputies
chosen by Madrid are INCIPO. N'Attoas, and GASCO;
at Bilboa, the choice has fallen upon ANDROLA and
LAYSACIA ; Navarre has appointed Don Jose D'ES-
PELETTA, the Marquis DE MONTE HERAIOIIO, son
of tile Viceroy, who hell been displaced by MINA,
an eceesiastic, LECUIIDERRY, and a Magistrate.
At Vittoria M. ZUBIA. who had been chief of
the province under the old bum of Government
united the majority of votes. Itomsuo is De-
;July for Gnipuscoa. All these are said to be hos-
tile to the new constitution.

The French Five per Cents. are 75 f. 40 c. ;
Bank Stock. 1,535 f.

The Cabinet Ministers assembled in deliberation
on Monday bight at nine o'clock at the Earl of
LIVERPOOL'S house, and continued sitting till
past twelve. They asseinhlrd yesterday morning
in Cabinet Comical at ten o'clock, and continued in
deliberation till half-past twelve. They assembled
again last night at half-past e o'clock at the
Earl of Livettecioes house in Whitehall.
Viscount CASTLEREAGH had an audience of his
MAJESTY yesterday.
It was reportod last night that Mr. BROUGHAM
had tendered his resignation of the offide of Attor-
ney-(feneralto the QUEEN.

A King's Alessenger arrived in town yesterilgy at
twelve o'clock from Lord HUTCHINSON and Mr.
BROUGHAM.

The 84th regiment *oiled from Dover on Mon-
tley morning iii the Integrity E, Caro!eine A,
Crows HH, and Fox AC, trmitiports, for Ply-
mouth.

A parliamentary document of considerable inte-
rest has just been laid upon the table of the Hotc.e
of Commons. It consists of two Reports from
Commodore Sir GEoscg Coma Ea, concerning the
settlements on the Gold and IVindward Coa•ts of
Africa. The immediate object of lb. se Reports
as to detail the genets' state end condition of the
forts and settlements on tins.e parts of the coast of
Africa visited by his Alsjest)'s ship Tartor,
under the command of Sir Chows. The
concluding paragraph of the Second Report re.
/airs chirey Is. the settleurtut of Sierra Leone. It
is a saiiplactory proof of the zealous and sincere'
spirit with winch this country has proceeded in the
abolition of orgro slavery. " I will conclude these
Reports," oli.erves Sir GEORG, CULLUM. " With
the most confident soianince, thst it is my roll suit
Arm belief, 111 no one settlement in Africa where
the British tig is lying, is there au individual
rectly or indirectly interested hi, or affording the
.lightest countenance to the Slave Trade ; sod my
sincere o4sii l i 1111 l is, that this frightful and most de-
testable outfit is now held its es much abhorrence
throughout the British settlements it. Africa, as it
is by the most sincere well-wisher to its abolition,
or most lihilautltrupic susi tulightened liersou ut
Eoghtud,"

". '43
