TO THE EDITOR OF THBITISH PRESS.

" Ere we remark another's sin,
Let our own conscience look within."
Sill—Wen knowing the liberality and respectability of your
Paper, I am induced to notice a pant:Mph inserted in it ou the 3d
January inst. headed " Marin Foote."
During the time between obtaining a rule foe a new trial, in the
cause of Hiss Foote and Mr. Ilayne, and the actual time of getting
one, it is the height of injustice to attempt to bias .the mind of tle
public on either aide. That ouch wat.tlle case by your extract from
the Examiner must be allowed by every unprejudiced reader ; but
the glaring attack could be equalled by nothing but the folly of it,
in holding forth Miss Foote's family to the contempt of the world.
I am totally unacquainted with Miss Foote and the whole of her
family, but I know, alas ! too well. that let Mrs. and Mr. Foote.
the mother and father of this unfortunate lady, be as representof
(which I much doubt), it cannot surpass in that respect the well.
known character of Mr. ('—r (sen.)
The writer is not fearful of his name appearing, should am
menilmr of the C—.r family take upon themselves a refutation
this.

By inserting the above, you will not only do an act of justice to.
wards an injured fcmale, but much oblige,
Your constant reader,
Star Inn, Norwich, Ath Jan. 1825.
The Sub-Committee for the Spanish Refugees mint r•
morrow, at Guildhall, to examine minutely into the stale
of those unfortunate men, and to report upon it.
PrtOSECCTION OF THE COURIEII.—IVe have received a
letter, signed " Edward Dwyer, Permanent Secretary"
the Catholic Association, communicating the " intention.
of that sovereign body to prosecute this paper, in behalf
of Maynooth urirr.
The ("or Royale has decided relative to the Memoirs
ascribed to Fouche. It has suppressM this publication. Ott
the ground that though every one has a right to publish
the life of the Duke of Otranto, nobody is entitled to lung
him before the public to speak in his own name, as 11
these Memoirs, or to report facts injurious to his own me-
mory or the reputation of third parties.
A Company has been formed, under the patronage of
the Chilian Minister Don Mariano d'Egana, for working
the mines of that Republic, consisting of gold, silver,
copper, tin, lead, and iron. The capital is a million ster-
ling. M. d'Egans is President of the Association.
From the alarm excited among the proprietors of canals
connected with Birmingham, by the projected rail-read
from that town to Liverpool, the Ohl Birmingham Coral
shares have fallen 4001., and other canals have been mere
or his affected.—Nanchrshe Courier.
FURTIIF.R PAZTICVLANS or TUE IVARCIL Or THE
PRINCF. ROVAT..—This vessel was driven bn chore about
half-past three o'clock on Friday morning, the 31st tilt.
Fortunately no life was lost, though all on board had a
most narrow escape. Some of the crew were clingint to
the rigging when the vessel struck on the beach, hut not
feeling themselves secure, they descended, and the next
moment a sea carried the mast with the rigiOng which they
had just abandoned, overboard. Captain Clowes was f•e-
verely injured in one of his arms and in his back. He
had about 300/. worth of his cwn peoperty on hoard un-
insured. The poor creatures landed in a cornpl:te sate
of destitution, not havist, been able to save even their
clothes. In this state they were received at Ballyteictle
Castle. from the hospitable owners of which they expal-..
enced the utmost kindness and attention. A small part of
the cargo only was saved, which, with the wreck, was,
consigned to the charge of Mr. Meadows. The cargo
was a very valuable one ; it consisted of madder root, fiF•
raisins, and boxwood.—lre.reere.l Here/J.

VERAN.

NEW SOUTH MILES.
terday we received a file of Sydney Gazettes to the'
of August. An Exchange is about to be established
dney. The following are extracts :
SYDNEY, Jun 217.11124.
Itlf new Criminal Court the Attorney-General exhibits the
,ation, sod conducts the prosecution ; heretofore the Judge
:ite was Public Prosecutor, ea well as a Juror. The Chief
has no voice in the verdict ; baring all, but nothing mom
he powers of one of the English Judges vested in him; in
juence of which the Jury retire without the Chief Justice.
e, the verdict was carried by • majoritynumbs we are
iamb, hrppy to announce, the members (seven in )
be uminimous in their verdict.

JULY 87

e are happy to state, that the first stone oft he Presbyterian
ch was lad on Thursday last. The site selected for this reli.
structure is nearly in the rear of St. Philip's Church, Char.
place, and adjoining the North-gate of Barrack-square; and
the eligibility of the spot, the ckurch, when finished, will
a moat commanding appearance. His Excellency the 00.
rr.in-Cbief. attended by his Beef was parent; as well as most
e Naval, Civil, and 31ilitary Officers in lawn. The Rev. Mr.
e., A.M. delivered an appeepiate anima on the auspicious
aon ; which he concluded by inveleis the Divine blessing on
irdertakingi The Rev. Gentlemen dm thanked his Excel-
, foe the poseur of his attendance.
Jets 15.
gay std tea, we me aseinereed *say, is agate tlas•nnns to
rice that will make isoymee ked—unksa $ canal
Tome the liberal views er the Pitombanweto time mollies of
timption. Common tea is ahem* fl end brim die IX a
t ; and sugar is rising hi prapeeties. The Gamy wet ant,
prebend, he regularly supplied *di web isedi at a. fair
equitable price, till some two er Meet hems MNltee* put
these designing fluctuations. We think kW.* IPA afillete a
pany to engage to supply the Colonies with as* sedate in any
we, and coffee. Or, in the event come of serrallsail emea
its entering into sn wise ■ 11111111111011, is inset impeobabk bat
the East India Company eteg Wee min woe lase einsideraties,
or iint an agent factor here, 104 poi ek* the
ket in this respect, to the COMM
JULY 22.
by Australian Bus47ll6Warr almost
r'fresit antral. The • • berme(
Mid Gentlemen, i di the
td, vis. : W entweedt. a have
make to riesnento tines gpMelemen te be by birth an
tallatasmeli beleg ems
Ise Peke.ms Remo eeselmanas. Copia W. B. Lambe, ar-
-let HalbataTisra an the Id Inessis, Ism England, with 55
engerelie Siseeeolonles. She sailed from London on the 29th
any, and assidsed at Bahia on her way out. The following is
numerating of the passengers by this vessel :--J. Hone, Esq.
ter in Chancery, for Van Diemen's Land, Mrs. Hone, Miss
e, Miss H. Hone, and Miss 211. Hone; W. Carter, Esq.
ter in Chancery, for New South Wales; Mrs. Caner, and Miss
er; J. Stephens, Esq. Solieitor-(interval and Commissioner of
;oat of Requests, foe New South Wake, and Mrs. Stephens.
Jo LT 29.

as of the actions that cams beast the Supreme Court, en the
I Side, oil Tuesday laic, was brought byte Attorney-General
he plaintiff. This is the first times Barrister ever pleaded in
Law Courts of this Colony. We haus now, at !laid-quarters,
: Barristers and six Solicitors.
At• o. 5.
tither intelligence from the Bathurst country furnishes a
distressing aspect from the continued atrocities of the black
'en. 31r. Lawson, who is a Magistrate' while holding the
mandancy of the Settlement of Bathurst, behaved in the most
and conciliatory way towards the mountain tribes, and wassup-
d, in return, to enjoy their good will, and be without the reach
,stir ingratitude and treachery ; but recent lamentable instances
mutate the calvary. Mr. Lawson, some time ago, lost four
, who were cut off by the saver' ; and, very lately, three
is have also fallen victims to aboriginal barbarity. They are
insceusinted with the horrible art of scalping, for the skins of
I: poor men were completely torn over the free, and the bodies
:wise exhibited a most frightful sight. Two hundred and fifty
dim were then killed. the property of a gentleman who had
proverbially kind to them. Owing to those successive ntroci-
the immense stock upon the other side of the mountains is be-
mg scattered otter the whole country ; the shepherds and stock-
ers have neelesorily abandoned their charge to the rapacity of
unites ; and dins the strength and wealth of the Colony is, for
moment, mead to destruction. Several settlers, we are
ibly informed, we contemplating a removal from that part of
:country, name effectual osseausa be promptly adopted to stop
let outragm.
's are most Wm Is bll
_a IS Intsesnmunicate to our readers,
the long-exgesasd Puss, with a large supply of
s, and other mettuials, Are an the way out on the laenmark
—having been skipped on booed that vessel in February last.—
are rather modem for this arrival, as it is our ambition to turn
tome Weil Literary Work*, now lying by, which shall be
isgysat loAlbumarlastreee. Perhaps modesty, at this crisis,
11 as well beesme us; hut It is known, that we have not a
t desire to be buensible to passing events.
he Countess ef Harcourt, Captain Bunn, we are informed, has
taken up by Government, to convey the troops and stores to
Sew Settlement that is to be established on the north-west part
it island. The spot fixed upon for this extension of the British
Fire, is in lat. 19. S. and In tong. about 130. in the vicinitnef.
:Ale Island. As fa as we have been able te ascertain, the ob.
if the Government in this expedition principally is, to open
preserve an intercourse between the Malay Coast, so as to encou.
and facilitate the spice trade.
he Sydney Gazette of the 12th August contains the following
:limation by his Excellency Sir Thomas Brisbane, Captain.
era! and Governor of the territory of New South Wales and its
rdencies :
Whereas, his Majesty has been graciously pleased, by warrant
et the sign manual, to constitute and appoint a Legislative
inell for New South Wales and its dependencies, in pursuance
Se Act of Psi liament in such cue made, to consist, for the pre-
, and during his 31niesty's pleasure, of William Stewart, Esq.
a/rant-Governor; Francis Forbes, Esq. Chief Justice ; Frede-
Goulburn, EN. Colonial Secretary; James Bowman, Esq.
tcipsl Surgeon, and John Oxley, FA. Surrepot-General.
he Governor, do hereby issue this my proclamation, giving
ce of the appointment cat the Legislative Council aforesaid."

Honaar Towx, JULY IG.
re have the satisfaction to announce the safe return to this port,
n open boat, of that enterprising individual, 31r. James Hobbs,
ran absence of MOM than five months, during which he corn.
ely circumnavigated this island. The object of this undertaking
to discover some eligible spot for the formation of a new set-
sent ; and, although we are not at present acquainted with the
dealers of Mr. Hobbs' remarks on the advantages attachable to
portion of the hitherto-unknown coast, which he so laudably
traversed ; yet, even now new, we may congratulate the public
a discovery of very considerable import, viz. that of a superior
I strata at the South Cape. This excursion was, sa well as
tht be expected, attended with much danger, privation, and
ficulty. It is Mr. Hobbs' intention to proceed immediately for
rie specimens of the war ; and we certainly think his discovery
I be found of very extensive value, as not only is fire-wood be-
lling scarce in town, but coal would realise a decided preference,
lush employment to our numerous sma'l craft (a large proportion
which is at present inactive,) and rove an article of beneficial
JCL 2J.
With considerable Satisfaction we announce the apprehension of
more of the 14 bush-rangers, who, it may be remembered, mai eel
ne weeks ago from Macquarie harbour ; and with inereated
awe we are enables' to state, that one of the two is James Craw.
d, their no.trious leader. The following particulars of this im-
am occurrence we derive from unquestionable authority :
About night-fall on Thionday se'nnight, the rernainirg seven of
s Melees pmg, after robbing widow Smith, at the Macquarie
W. and loading three of lwr servants with their booty, Pert7P-
ily ordered diem to walk before on the road to Mr. Taylor s re-
ace, at the Penny-royal Creek. lln their way there, they fell
with one of Mr. Taylor's sons, who was grazing sheep, and
not, after loading him with their baggage, they compelled to
vetic them to his father's. In the interim, their movements
ring been observed by that gentleman, he very prudently armed
family and domestics, to act on the defensive. When his son
r what he.did, from a fear of not being recognised, and there.
e of being shot, M vied out... Father, don't fire r So that
in Mr. Taylor's anxiety to avoid injuring his son, the ruffians
re allowed to go close to the house, when one of the domestics
id. the son disengaged himself, and joined his father's party ;
ier firing took place, and a general Conflict followed. Soon after
I. one of the villains levelled his piece at Mr. Taylor's head, but
a prevented from effecting his murderous design by the son. who
ippled him by the throat, and threw him; alien one of the set-
shot him in the breast, but without inflicting a dangerous
4lrd, as his clothing was remarkably thick. This fallen bri-
ad was :hr Imiler, to whose assistance another of the gang 'm-
ei:emir came up; a servant also came in aid of his young
toter. l,nt In attempting to shoot his opponents, by some interven-
e) of lamentable fate, he missed his aim, and mortally pierced
e belcc.-cti object of his seal ! Shortly after this dreadful ac-
lent, a second bush-ranger was secured, after being twice knocked
Ewa w:th a musket ; a third had an eye shot out, but escaped
th font of his cotopanionw—leaving behind them all their ammu-
Um, stores, Ice. and, though last not least, the murderal both
Mr. Taylor's carpenter, whom one of them had run through
ith a bayoret. winch instantly caused death !
When our inf rmant, who was an eyc-witneu of these horrible
in sactions, left !lie Maequarle„ Mr. rarlor's son was ti..t dead,
re regret giiit e.:...erling sorrow that rot even the faintest hope
entertainerbf his recovery.
Weems hope to tz. soon enabled to announce the speedy appre.
!talon of the other four murderers, who are without. arms or
nmunitioo, and u na, we trust, will remain so until they are
ken.

he Olive Branch alin:lied from the Cape of Good
IcPe ; which settlement she left on the 30th October.
ao letttn only are yet landed; their contents arc not
loam.

Yesterday the despatches for Bengal arid China, by the
up General Kyd, were closed at the East India House,
A delivered to the Purser of that ship.
Petitions are preparing in Bath for a repeal of the win-
te and inhabited house duty.

SLAVE TRADE.

[From a New York Paper of Dec. ii 1

THE 13

PRESS.

I now transmit from him. A copy of my answer to it., dated to-
day. is enclosed. . • _ .

tt may be proper for me to state, Oats , whilst Mr. Canning, in
the interview I had with him on thetas of Auguat...was assigning
the reasons of thin Government, ai they will now be seen in his
ante, for not acceding to the treaty. took occasion to remark, that
Great Britain would be willing to gire to the omitted words a mean-
ing that would restrict their operation to the southern portion of
North America, as proximate to the British West Indies. exclud-
ing the range of coast which comprehended the middle and northern
states, if I thought that such a plan would be acceprahle to my Go-
vernment. I immediately and most decidedly discountenanced
such a proposition. u objectionable 'soder every view. He replied,
that, having no other object in making the intimation than that of
preventing the treaty from falling through, and not knowhig him-
self in what light it might be received, he had of course nothing
:non to say, after learning from me that it would be objectionable.
I avail myself of this opportunity to forward to you a cdpy of
the Act of the last Session of Parliament for consolidating the laws
of this realm for the abolition of the slave trade, as requested in
your communication of the 29th of May.
I bare the honour to remain, &c.
RICHARD RUSH.
The Hon. John Quincy Adams; Secretary of State.

GWOMOZ C•WZIAG TO MR. MUSA.
Foreign ()dke, Aug. 27, 11)24.
Six—ln pursuance of what I stated to you in our late confer-
ence, I have now the honour to address you on the subject of the
qualified ratification, on the part of your Government, of the
treaty foe the more effectual suppression of the slave trade, which
was concluded and signed in the month of March bat, by you and
his Mejesty's Plenipotentiaries.
His filajestv's Government have given tht most enxidus and de-
liberate consideration to this subject, and if the result tff that con.
sideration has been to decide that they cannot advise h!fi Majesty
to accept the American ratification (notwithstanding the argil.
!toots alleged by you, in the name of your (iovernthent, in favour
of such acceptance). I entreat you to believe it is riot from any
' diminished sense of the importance of the matter to which that
treaty relates.
Nor do thiy underrate the desire which, as you have
assured me, and as thermally believe, wait felt by the President of
the United Stun, to adopt the provisiona of the treaty, such as it
was transmitted to America. But the result is not the less incon-
venient. '• " •...
A treaty, of which the base watt laid in propositions framed by
the American Government, was considered here as so little likely
to be made a subject of renewed discussion In America, that not
• moment was lent in ratifying it, on the past of his Majesty ; and
his Majesty's ratification was ready to be exchanged against that
of the United States when the treaty came back ; not as it had
been sent to America ; but with material variations—variations
not confined to those stipulations, or parts of stipulations, which
had been engrafted upon the original project, but extending to
that part of the original projeet itself which had passed unchanged
through the negotiation.
The knowledge that the Constitution of the United States ren-
ders all their diplomatic compacts liable to this sort of revision,
undoubtedly precludes the possibility of taking exceptions at any
particular instance in which that revision is nernsed ; but the
repetition of such instances does not serve to reconcile to the practice
the feelings of the other contracting party, whose solemn ratification
Is thus rendered of no avail, and whose conceisions in negotiation
having been made (as all such concessions must be understood to
be made) conditionally, are thus accepted as positive and absolute,
while what may have been the stipulated price of those concessions
is withdrawn.
In the instance before us, the
equestion is not merely of
form. A substantial change is made in the Treaty ; and, as I have
said, on a point originally proposed by yourself, tiir, as the Ameri-
can Plenipotentiary, and understood td be proposed by the special
direction of your Government.
The right of visiting vessels suspected of slave trading: when ex-
tended alike to the M eat Indies and to the coast of America, im-
plied an equality of tigilance, and did dot necessarily imply the
existence of grounds of suspicion on either side.
The removal of this right, as to the coast of America, and its
continuance to the West Indies, cannot but appear to imply the
existence, on one side, and not on the other, of a just ground
either of suspicion of misconduct, or for apprehension of an abuse
of authority.
To such an equality, leading to such an inference, his Majesty's
Government can never advise his Majesty to consent. It would
have been rejected, if proposed in the course of negotiation. It
can still less be admitted as a new demand, after the conclusion of
the treaty.
With the exception of this proposed omission, there is nothing
in the alterations made by the Senate of the United States, in the
treaty (better satisfied as his Majesty's Government undoubtedly
would have been if they had not been made) which his Majesty's
Government would not rather agree to adopt, than ruffet the hopes
of good, to which this arrangement had given rise, to be dia.,
appointed.
Upon this omission, they most the Senate of the United States
will, on another consideration of the subject, see that it is not
equitable to insist.
A full power will therefore be sent to Mr. Addington, his Ma-
jesty's Charge d'Affaires, at Washington, to conclude and sign,
with any Plenipotentiary to be appointed by the American Go-
vernment, a treaty, verbatim the same its the rett tried treaty
would be, with all the alterations introduced into it by the Senate,
excepting only the proposed omission of the words " and Ame-
rica," in the first article; which treaty, if transmitted to England,
lt the ratification of the Government of the United States, his
riat Majesty 'will be ready- to reeky. ' -
Rut 1 am to apprise you, Sly, that his Majesty will not be ad-
seed to appoint Plenipotentiaries to conclude and sign the like
Unity here, to be, as before, ratified by his Majesty, and to be
again subjected, after ratification by his Majesty, to alterations by
the Senate of the United States.
I am confident that you will sec in this distinction, nothing
more than a reasonable safeguard for his Majesty's dignity, and a
just desire to ascertain, before his Majesty again ratifies a diplo-
matic instrument, to what conditions that ratification is affixed.
I have the honour to be, with the highest consideration, Sir,
Your most obedient Servant,
To Richard Rash, Esq. ec. GEORGE CANNING.
[The New York Paper, from which we have extracted the
above, promises the conclusion of the correspondence in its next
publication.]

DUTCH PAPERS.
--.•.---
CRoirsTADT (THANsYLVANIA). DEC. DO.
_ .

Dr. 1024.
18th September.
To cash ba.
lances due to
customers ail
per tooter ba. . o. d.
lance sheet 383,170 210
To claims for
non-in rested
Stock and Er.
chequer Bills,
as per former 9
balance sheet 168,978 IS I
To claims ex-
pected to be
mods by the
*ilk of Eng.
but re.
shaidfor Stock
ooM out by
forged powers 24,000 0 0

The finances of Turkey are in the most exhausted state; and
after the extraordinary expenses caused by the war, the vexatious
measures which the Divan has ordered, to meet the new ex-
penses of the war, seem to prepare a complete disorganization
of the Mussulman dominion in all its European provinces,
which, from Vardare to the Danube, are oppressed by excw.
bitant contributions. A great many inhabitants of 31acedonia
have in consequence abandoned their homes, and gone to .fount
Agrapha, to emigrate to Lived& and the Mores. Travellers who
have just passed through the provinces beyond the Danube,
say that most of the inhabitants have fled to the mountains.
From Adrianople to Rodschuk there are only deserted villages.
As they passed through Bulgaria, whole troops of men,
women, and children tvictimi to famine and the inclemency
of the season), came out of the forests to ask alms. Disap-
pointed in their hopes of aid from Russia, the Scla►onian popu-
lation turn their eyes to Greece.
These financial embarrassments have led the Divan to impose
a contribution of thirteen millions of piastm on 'Wallachia
and ,Molclavis, which being contrary to the Treaties with Russia,
the Authorities of IVallachia have refused payment, hoping they
shall be supported by Russia. Another measure, which may
have serious consequences, is, that the Grand Vizier has cow-
derably augmented the tribute of Servia. The inhabitants are
highly incensed at this, and symptoms of insurrection have ap-
peared in some parts.

11• Ii T Drc. 27.

We have positive irformation that all the Officers of the S;iss
regiment of Ritz presenteti to the French General commanding at
Bayonne. a protest against the sending of these troops to Spain.
—The Spanish Government is going to propose to the Swiss
Cantons to conclude new military capitulations. There is every
reason to suppose that those proposals will be rejected. Fo-
reign service becomes more and more unpopular here, and the
Swiss, besides, dislike serving in Spain. A Spanish Minister
Plenipotentiary is expected shortly in Switzerland, who will reside
at Lucerne or Soleure.

SIERRA LEO.VE PAPERS.
ROYAL OA7.F.TTE.
inEZTOWN, Nov. 13, 18!4.
By the pocket that arrived here on the bth instant from Cape
Coast, which place she left on the 6th of October, we have advices
stating the arrival of the A shantee army at Coomassie, having suc-
ceeded in escaping the vengeance of the Ackimo, who, from want of
ammunition, were incapable of impeding their pmgress. It is to
be hoped that the knowledge of this circumstance will show us the
necessity of taking each measures to present our enemies from
supplying themselves at d'iiimins, or elsewhere. with the means
of carrying on an internal war, to the great injury of our trade.
and to the liberties of the other native powers in amity with us, as
will, at least, place them on equal terms with their neighbours.
If the Ihttch Colonial Government (for themselves, and u agents
for American traders.) for the sake of gain, do not scruple to entail
misery and ruin on the unfortunate natives of this Continent, by
supplying one Power with the means of destroying another, still
we feel that it is Britain'a duty, anti, as far as it lies in our power,
we ought to prevent it. We will also add. tbat, from the reispccta-,
bility of our force upon the coast. and the present rood feeling of
the whole of the Fantees towards us (the d'Elmusas alone ex-
cepted), added to the efficiency of our naval squadron, there can be
no obstacles in the wsy of doing so.
Cape Coast has been very gay. in consequence of a visit from
Colonel Last, the Governor of d'Elmina, and suite. We hope this
may lead thesis authorities to entertain „hisser views toward. UP, and
induce them no longer to disgrace the flag of their country, by al.
fording its protection ar.d suipoTt to a race of savages in an attempt
to destroy the very men whose hospitality they have so very lately
been sharing.
Provisions of all kinds were in abundance at the Cape ; so much
so. that we understand frets beef and perk would not fetch London
prices, and rice was whim; for half • dollar a bushel.
We regret to observe, iv these papers, evidence that the Slave
Trade is still carried on to a considerable extent, under the
Portu-
Gutse and Graailian flags.

f /2
—vrimigrop
..e

TO Tlfe EDITOR OF THE BRITISH PRESS.

SI R—Sin ce the puhlicatiou of the pamphlet, entitled
" The Bank of England Cue," the partners of the house
in Berners-street have concluded, that it no longer can
serve the interest of their creditors to withhold their
avowal, that they have participated both in the proceeds of
the forgeries, and of the other frauds of their partner
Fauntleroy.
They assert, however (and it is but justice to them to
admit that this was their original ground of defence), that
they had no knowledge of such participation, nor even of
the receipt of such monies into the house, until after it had
stopped payment; when a more careful examination of the
books convinced them that their designing partner had
made the- -^masciously on their parts—not only par-

takers in the produce of his frauds, bid parties even to the
process by which these frauds were effected.
Under this new view of the case, the following " balance
sheet" has been privately submitted to consideration ; but
it is not yet determined whether it will be expedient to
produce it to the creditors at large at the final meeting:—
THE ESTATE OF 3IESSRS. MARSH, STRACEY,
AM) CO.

By available as-
sets as rer for-
mer balance a. I.
sheet . 393,933 13 4
By bad debts, as
per former ba-
lance sheet - 163,790 • 4
By interest car-
ried to the cre-
dit of the par-
ties, on Stock
sold out by
forged powers,
and on now-in.
vested Stock,
and on Bache- -
quer Bilkowli
without con-
sent haw 1.313
to the itestat
time - . 160,213 911
By loss on sundry
Stock tnnsac.
tiows . - 30,101 10 0
.£762,9311 13 7
Deficiency aris-
ing from the
private appro.
ration of
Fauntleroy . 11,219 3 0

-
Rum:
Jamaica
Leeward,

Tallow .
Turpentine
Ashes :
itates Pot
Ditto Pearl
Canada Pot
Ditto Pearl

£804,148 It; 71 £804,14816 7
Against this deficiency of 41,210/. Si. Od. the creditors
will have the advantage arising awn the sale of the pri-
vate assets of Fauntleroy, amounting by estimate to about
30,0001.
It will be seen from this statement that the available
assets of the house amount to one half of the claims upon
it, even including the very doubtful one of the Bank of
England, and that consequently, under the most unfa-
vourable view, the creditors may fairly expect •a dividend
of ten shillings in the pound.
The author of the pamphlet which has produced this
statement, very justly observes, that the unfottunate
gentlemen in this finn became, in perfect ignorance and
linnocence, the dupes of their partner ; such, indeed, was
the consummate art with which he conducted his frauds,
that in order to evade all suspicion, he made them the in-
struments of uttering his forged powers—directed them to
employ in those negotiations the very broker of the house
to pay the proceeds of the forgeries into the house of
Martin and Stone—to withdraw them from thence into the
treasury in Berner's-street, and even to record the receipt
of these sums with their own hands in the " Book of
Knowledge."
It will probably appear to superficial readers, that these
ulterior proceedings are somewhat incompatible with that
entire igndrance and innocence of the partners, so forcibly
insisted upon by the author of the pamphlet; nor is this ob-
scurity entirely removed by the hypothesis, that they might
not be able to read, because he has just proved, and with
great success, that they were perfectly able to try ite.
It is obvious, however, that the author had in his
mind's eye the apothegm of the profound Dogberry, that
" to write and read comes by nature ;" and as he may have
observed, in common life, that nature has frequently be-
stowed the faculty of reading on an individual from whom
she has withheld that of penmanqiip, he concludes, very
reasonably, that she may occasionally have acted con-
versely, and for reasons hest known to herself, have be-
stowed the faculty of writing, where she has altogether
denied that of reading.
The exhortation of honest Dogberry is, indeed, an
authority for this ground of defence so directly in point,
that it leads to a suspicion that he must have intended to
convey an oblique insinuation against some banker at Mes-
sina, of whom he had not a good opinion ; and this con-
jecture is further strengthened by the subsequent part of
the charge, where his regard for the interests of his com-
rades so entirely supersedes his usual caution, that he ex-
horts them without any equivocation " to hare is care that
their SILLS be not stolen. -I am Sir,
Your most humble Servant,
VERA:ICE.

Cotton:
Sea Islands
Bowed* -
Orleans
Pernarns •
Maniaham -
Bahia .
Egyptian .
West India
Surats -
H 4105 -

'-\

i

,k.,

LIVERPOOL, SUNDAY Erin KG.
Wind, W.N.W.—fligh Water, 12 minutes past 2.
Arrived the Sally and Aun, from Westport ; Norval,
from Belfast; Eleanor, Anm Belfast; Ann, foolu Sligo
Garland, from. Newry ; Ellen, from Westport ; Srutly ;n
Jane, from Westport ; Venus, from Dublin '• , Poll/
Blanch,. from Dartmouth ; Jl•tsey, from Ipswirb; Hero,
from Limerick; John, runt Drogheda; Resolation, from
Dublin; Edward, from Strangford; Roger and Barbara,
front Strangford; Liverpool, from Glasgow; Alcyone,
from. St. John's, New Brunswick ; Liffey, from Dublin ;
Henry Bell, from Glazgow • Clyde, from Glasgow; En-
deavour, from Limerick; Barton from Newry ; Dis-
patch, from Whitehaven ; Eleanor, Newry; Duchess
of Athol, from the Isle of Mau.
Annexed you have the Comparative Prices of Produce
for leigt and 1824; also the Imports of one Week in
January.
A C,omt:arative View of the Prices of Produce--1825 and 1824.

•
Sugar, B. P. per cwt.
Molasses

31st Dee. 1831

s. d. s. d.
52 0 o 73 0
25 0 a 27 0
70 0 a 120 0

ptr

per con

Isogwood :
Jamatee
Honduras
Catripeachy
Fustie:
Cabs
Spaoish
Buenos Ayres, Dry Ox
and Cow per lb.
Ditto Salted
Kest India, Dry
Ditto Salted
Palm Oil

1 8 0
1 2. a 1 4
180 0 a IRS 0
180 0 170 0
MO 0 a 11.10 0
a 19S 0
130 0 a 170 0

pawn

per cut.

Slit Dee. MI.

i. d. o• 0.
52 0 a 3
28 aYO 0
93 0 • MO U

-

_

Rice:
Carolina -
East India
Pine Timber per foot

0 8 t.ll
O 6 a
4
• 7 id 41%4
O 54 a 0 64
540 0 a 5111 II
MI 0 • 7500
12 6 a 14 0

per lb.

47 0 a 48 a
4471 oaa 2
41 0 ati4

16 0 a 21
16 0 a 10 0
1 11 a 0

74
ea
I

145 0 a 150 0
155 U a leo
175 0 r 1110 V
110 0 a 223
:60 0 a 1130

O t a 011 i
0 if a 0 C.
• 7 • 0 tS
• 1;,1 a 0 I*l
500 0 a 620 0
780 0 • 800
8 6 a 11 V
39 0 a 10 0
39 0 a 39
▪ a 35 V
0 0 a 59 1./
•
11
6 a 20 0
16 0 a 16 0
II 8 a 111
- 1 4 • 2.3
• ei • • 14,
• 9 • 011.4
111 • 1 1
10 a 0 11A
10 a 0111
18, a 0 11.
e 11 10
6 a 0
6a 0 7

1a 1 8
to 7. a 0 94
• 4 011
011 a 1,0
O 101 4 011
O 101 a 91 II
00a 0 0
0 8i a 0 10i
G 0 a 0 7}
064 0 7

Imported into Liverpool from the Ist to the 7th Jan. inclusive.
310111%5es - 10 puncheons.
Ashes - - - 148 IBarrels.
Logwood . . 228 Tons.
CottOn—Egypt - - 1,401 Bales.
Orleans - . 193 Bales.
Other American 2.014 Bales.
Brazils - 1.688 Bales.
6.333
Turpentine . - 500 Barreli.
Shuman . . 434 Bags.
Tobacco - - 4420 Hogsneadi.
II ides--Cow and Ox 21.820
Salted 2,017
PAlm Oil - - 1,668 Casks.
Gum - - 310 Casks.
Elephants' Teeth - 1.633
Clover Seed - - 63 Casks.
Brimstone - - 34.1 Tons.
Oak Bark ~ . . . 60 Tons.

Total .

LOSS OF THE DUTCH SCIIOO2VE CALYPSO.
We have received some particulars of the loss of his
Majesty's colonial schooner Calypso, which sailed for
Amboyna on the ltith of April with despatches for Java.
After struggling for several days ivith contrary winds, it
struck on the slnth, at midnight, on a reef, called by the
natives Passeleurang, about five miles S.W. by W. from
the island of Ilosagalet. The ship filling rapidly with
-stater, it was resolved to abandou.it ; part of the crew got
on board, and part in a raft which they put together, but
the latter not being able to keep the raft afloat, returned to
the ship; and those on board the long-boat (which was too
crowded to receive any more) promised to send it back and
feels them off. This, however, they were nnablc to do.
After driving about for four liars, withotit food and very
little water, and asasiled by the inhabitants of several
small islands with shot and darts, the long-boat was sur-
rounded near the island Lusuratlie by Ave vessels of the
natives, and the crew, being without arms and completely
exhausted, taken prisoners by a hundred of the natives.
After having remaii e I 12 days in slavery in the island,
they were set at liberty by the intercession of the Rejait
of onerate, except three Europeans and six Javanese.
Those released, to the number of ten or twelve Europeans
and three Javanese, arrived at Macassar the 21st of June.
We have no account of those who remained on the wreck,
but Vessels and agents have been sent to endeavour to save
them. It is said the numerous and important despatches
which were saved from the wreck were burnt by the
natives.—Humburgh Pepin

Dtar LED tOUMIS ASYLUM.—Yestertlay an election of
children into the above excellent Institution took place, w'Aen
the following were elected into the Asylum :
France% Tumey . 35tt1l William Lloyd .
Wm. L. Longland . 11988 Charles Martell - MOid
William Barns - lISIII 111!ham Curdy . .
Richard Werth" . . 3581 Siiy.h:a Crook - - I=2
Robert Ile/me 5580 Elizabeth Tobin . '2116

Joseph Field . 5580 James Faithful -
Abraham Ventleman . 3473 Joseph N6rbury - . tlOthit
Mary Ann Perry - 3574 Thema% Piler - . Mit
Elizabeth Pilgrim . 3574 James Ilarria - - ISA
John Hall - - 3678 Thentaa Gadsden - - 111

.3lary Philips . - 3353 I -
We are informed, by a letter received from en officer of
his Majesty's ship Tamar, 28, Captain Gordon Bremer,
C. 8., that the sudden sailing of that ship from England.
with sealed orders, in February last, was occasioned by its
being determined by Government to colonize Melville
Island. The Tamar arrived at the ('ape of Good Hope
on the Sth of June, but it being necessary to rtfit her, she
did not leave that place until the 18th of July. She ar-
rived at Sydney (New South Wales) after an excellent
passage of forty-seven days from the Cape, where Captain
Bremer hired two transports, and they took on beard 801
rank and file of soldiers, and a number of the most riotous
of the convicts, and sailed for Port Essington, in Melville
Island, which is in the Gulph of Carpentaria, at the earth,
end of New Holland. The Tamar will leave the detach-
ment of Royal Alarincs, which she embarked at Plymouth,
as a garrison at Port Essington. The Tamar afterwards
proceeds to England, calling at the Presidencies at Calcutta
and Madras for despatches and mails. Melville Island is
wcil situate for the encouraging of trade and communica-
tion with the Malays.
It is proposed to erect Import and Export Docks and
IVarehomes at Southampton, in order to prevent the deten-
tion, lasses, and shipwrecks occurring every winter bc; weer
the Thames and the Isle of Wight, particularly ;n the
Dawns, where the most lamentable effects are lan Ty been
felt by the Underwriters at Lloyd's. Tits verge from
London to Southamptoqvis as dangerous as a part of the
coast, and from requiring both easterly and westerly win:l,,
frequently occasions delays of menthe, which, it is on-
sidered, would be removed by rail-roads to Southatr.pton.
Some injurious reports having been circulated calculated
to affect the stability of the bask of Messrs. Garrett and
Son, of this city, the inhabitants in general have thought
proper to sign a declaration, that they will take the notes
of the above firm, in the ordinary coin'se of busin..io ; and
consequently confidence has been completely re-established.
—.l/ercjiaTi //dependent.
During one of those tresigndous storms that visited Edin-
burgh in the course of laslikeek, some sailors were passing
through James's-square, when a can from a chimney-top
fell among them, but fortunately did no. injury. One of
them exclaimed, in a truly characteristic moaner, " illy
eye, Jack, here's a pretty rig—a sejvlee of danger. It will
go hard before Fru found ashore again in a gale of
wind."
