THE BRITISH PRESS.

LONDON,
THURSD I.Y. J A ,4uAltir 17.
--........-

The Funds yesterday were rather dull. At ,ste
part of the day, the Consols wore dcne ar ai.our se-
ven-eighths below the price of Tuesday. It b,ing
settling day in Oruniorn, little or nothing toss dor.e
in it. This mey have rendered money scarce, and
caused the depression in :he Conso!s. We were the
first to announce the intention of the Mirrisrea to
double the Income ax; anal that there would be
little or no Iman.—This account being now
strongly correl.orated, indeed almost confirmed,
by ilk MAJZST WS Speech, it has been mattes
of surprise that the Funds have not risen, and
the state of the omnium, though it may have a par-
tial effed, is not allowed to ;re a competent reason
for the dullness that prevailed yesterday. The
fancy of the speculators in the Funds has accordingly
been at work to discover what they conceive an ade-
quate reason ; and one of them has had irgenuity
enough to find out, that the pacific overture from
Frame is a hoax, while many others have been cre-
dulous enough to swallow this discovery ; and the
confidence of many has been shaken. The sus-
picious circumstances attending the Message have
already been the stiNen of comment in this Paper ;
but they have not been pointed out by it for the
. purpose of thr,..os:ng a doubt upon the authcn-

•T••••s,

ticity of tile Message. We stated, that the mode
of conveyance was unworthy of the importance
of the subject, and derogatory to the dignity
of the two great nations concerned ; that the
cot ruption and extravagance of Monsieur TA P.I.EY.
SAND were notorious, and might have conse-
cmently produced this Message for the purpose of
aiding his speculations in our Funds; and that a pa-
cific proposal from BONAPARTE was inconsistent
with his conduct, in forcing Spain, at the Same
time) to declare war against us. But these chj •c-
-tiors were not urged as proofs that the Message was
the hoax of an individual, and did not come front
Monsieur TALLEYRAND as Minister for Foreign
Afairs, and the organ of the French Government.
They were urged with a view to restrain that too
sanguine expectation which the event was likely to
excite, and to inspire a just mistrust and suspicion of
the sincerity of the French Government. We cannot
allow ourselves to suppose, for a moment, that our
Government could be the dupe of any individual in
a case of this nature. With this impression upon
our mind, we should have treated this rumour as
one of the idle tales of the day, and passed it by
without notice, had k not derived some importance
from the extent of its circulation, and if some plau-
sible reasons had not been adduced in its favour.
Among these, it was stated that houses of French
connections and business sold out rapidly in the
rising market. One very eminent house of that
description, we knew, sold out largely. Without,
however, having recourse to the supposition, that
the bless +go has been a fraud and a forgery praaised
npon our Government, there appears to be enough
in His M sa vs.!. v's Speech to account for the dullness
of the Funds yesterday. Coupling it with the
Speech and Lxpose of BONAPARTE, both of which
have been echoed by his Parliament, if we may sa
call his Tribunate and Legislative Body, as the
creed and poiicy of France, it is not to be expeited
that the recent overture can lead to peace. The
Treaty of Amiens, and nothing but the Tseaty of
Amiens, will satisfy BONAPARTE. He will new
model the Italian and Batavian Republics, and ren-
der them, whether as barriers or provinces of
France, more subservient to her interests and her
views ; he has acquired an undue influence over
the Continent, and that influence he has pledg-
ed himself to maintain, without the abatement
of a single particle. These are the conditions
upon which France declares she will make peace ;
but there is not one word in His MAJESTY'S

Speech to encourage an expeaation that England
will actinic:we in one of them. His. MAJESTY
has espres,ed an earnest desire to embrace the first
opportunity of restoring the blessings of Peace ;
but he has • declared, at the same time, that he
thought it his duty to consult the Continental Powers
with whom he is engaged in confidential intercourse
and comsetion, before he would enter into any more
particular explanation upon the subject of the over-
ture from France. Are we to presume, that the
powers alluded to will advise us to make Peace,
leaving the Continent to its fate, under the tyranny
and dilation of BONAPARTE, which he has declar-
ed his determination to preserve and uphold ? Will
they adsi.:e us to make Pease with Bo:: •e A its, leav-
ing Holland, Switzerland, and Italy, in their present
slavery ? For Hanover, no doubt, he would, in the ex-
cess of his kindness and generosity, gladlyrestore, as
a proof of his satisfattion at our surrender of Malta.
The most siiperficiallobserver, and the most short-
sighted politic:an must be aware, that if England
were to abandon the Continent to its fate, and
make peace with France, BONA PA RT I would de.
cla:e war agaiteit Turkey before the wax was
cold upon :he treaty. Our Indian possessions would
br rnci e threatened through Egypt, and we
should be again plunged in was, before we had
:asted the sweets of peace. BON•F•IIT IL may DOW
WWI to make peace with England, which he is una-
ble to injnre. that he may gratify his ambitious. and
eatiate his revenge upon Turkey. He may wish to tie
up cur hands and stifle our voice, that he may trample
upon the law of nations without reproach, pour his
fury upon the brave and generous King of SWEDEN,
and insult the magnanimous ALLIANDER. Hr
may wish for a peace with England, in order effec-
tually to destroy that for ever which he flattered
himself was already dead. while it only slept, the
spirit of the Continent, which is now awaking, and
threatens to set bounds to his crimes and aggressions.
England, therefore, cannot make a peace with
France, that promises even a chance of permanence
and stability, without consulting the interests of
Russia, Sweden, Portugal, and Turkey, the powers
evidently alluded to in His MA ILST v's Speech, with
whom he is engaged in confidential intercourse and
conneißion. Nor can it lie their wish to be left
without the support of England, at the mercy of
the Government of France. Unless, then, Boa*.
shall retran the principles which ho has de-
clared to be his creed and policy, so late as the 31st
of December, and at the very moment, perhaps, when
he was dispatching his messenger with his over-

turn, Instmonntable difficulties stand in the way
of any treaty that shall provide for the security of
the continent, and hold out a prospea of a solid and
durable peace. A patched-op peace, to answer a
temporary purpose, or a selfish peace, upon the nar-
row basis of our own immediate interests, without
any feeling for our neighbours, might, no doubt, be
atchieveci ; hut, experience has proved, that we
could not pat a more deadly weapon into the
hands of the French Government. The in-
trigues of TALLEYRAND have conquered more
countries than the sword of BONAP ART?. A self.
ish and narrow peace would render him invin-
cible upon the contit.ent, by the tears, the doubts,
and the suspicion, which it would inspire. If Austria
was charged with pusillanimity in making peace
when her very existence was at stake, and a victori-
ous army within a few days march of her capital,
what reproaches would not England deserve, if,
standing safe and secur:;ifrosperous and flourishing,
she should descend from her high and commanding
station, and patch up a peace for the sake of Han-
over or Malta, leaving die powers of the Conti-
nent, who are now linking themselves to her fate,
at the merry of France? Coupling then the speech
of BON APAR TE with the speech of HIS MAJESTY,
and seeing, that the peace which the one would de-
mand, is the very reverse in charatler and quality
of that to which alone the other could accede, we
have no rea,on to expel Cult the recent overture
can lead to a prosperous issue. The name of peace
is always grateful ; and, though it may prove only a
deceitful sound, will be always heard with transport.
The pacific overture, therefore, however question-
able the shape in which it came, must have affeaed
the funds; but the smallness of the effea proves
how little are our hopes of the possession of peace
upon a solid and substantial footing.
We cannot close these observations without no-
ticing the petty and disgraceful squabble among our
contemporaries, each claiming ptlority and superi-
ority of intelligence, with respea to the pacific over-
ture from France. As cowards are the greatest
boasters, so the most ignorant always affect to be the
most intelligent. The principle'that governs both
is the same. They alike feel their deficiency, and
flatter themselves that the resemblance may pass
fot the reality. True to this feeling, the most
stupid and ignorant pints are the most loud in ex-
tolling their sagacity and information. If these
prints would have justice done to them, we would
advise them not to appeal to the evidence
of their own selfish views and passions, but leave
the public to decide upon their rispeaive
By the judgment of that tribunal we are ready to
stand or fall, upon this and every other question
within the range of our duty. If we maintain
upon this occasion the superiority which we have
uniformly displayed over our competitors, the dis-
cernment of the public requires not that it should
be pointed out to them, and we know from expe-
rience that their candour will not refuse us what is
our due.
The Planing/met, 1),•5g04, and Prince George, ar-
rived on Tuesday from orf Brest at Portsmouth, to
refit, and on Monday, some more ships of Admiral
Co arm t is's fleet returne.! to Torbay.

Dutch Papers to the 9t/. inst. have been received.
The Journal Poiiiique, formerly the Leydra Gaseve, of
the Bth, contains an article from Constantinople of
the 18th of November, which states, that General
BRUNE had demanded his passports. It is probable
therefore that he soon after left that capital. The
Dutch Papers contain no other news of importance.
ssemewriL—e!ewe---ae

The Diane, New Lev, from Africa, is captured
by a privateer in Congo River,
The Eliza, Los ino, from Montevido, for Lon-
dor., has put into Waterford in distress.
The brig Apar, laden with hides, tal-
low, and three chests of dollars, front the River La
Plata, captured by the Fe,rard frigate, was spoke
with in lat. H. 110. lon. 16. 20. being leaky, and
having only seven people on hoard, intaaded making
some port in the N.W. of Ireland.
The Victory, WMEA rL V. from Limerick, for Lon-
don, is now on shore in the Shannon, and full of wa-
ter. Cargo landing.
The Nancy, WILSON, !roar Piaou, for Scotland,
has been found at sea without any person on board,
and towed into Wexford.
The Bunt Coara•r, of the 25th December, states,
that about thirty brigands, under the command of
Gutt. LEMOT, Aid-de-('amp of Gamic ss, bad landed
at the point of Aiguillon, near Auray. The ;ear
erannerie and the troops wens immediately in pur-
suit, and took the greater part of them, including
the Chief, GUILLEMOT. who was carried. bound
with cords, to Vannes.—(Pubtierrie).
The rublirsite says, that of the 850 English cap-
tives at Verdun, eighty•five have been lately sent to
Sarrelibre.
7'he late advance upon paper is understood to be
upon the finer sorts only, owing to the scarcity of
the finer sort of the raw material.
We are sorry to hear that the Mallard gun-brig
is on shore near Calais.
The Repulse, belonging to the squadron under
Admiral COCHRANE, off Ferrol, has captured and
sent into Plymouth a Spanish vessel from the Ile•
vannab to Corunna, laden with cocoa, cATre, &c.
Twenty other vessels were in sight, and the situ,-
droll was left in chase of them.

. ' •

TEL ‘ITR E,
Mr. MOM TON% new Cornedy
Reform; or, ft, to Rqlr R 111141 !Pi
time performed last night, and re,
first representation, with extreme
pearei to have undergone some
weeds remained, not
hide its beauties It is evi
the KOTZEBUE model, with .
incident and long acquaint etc
the stage and stage effect can
may he considers 1 as a piCture
date and Ty/.r are to be full
all the rest sketches, to set
Ti,ie is the of the piece,
representation of him is bey
child of Nature, cast iu one t
His manner of telling the
father, his progress in vice,
father, his return to virtue, hi
Aw.. oafs ; in short, the sentimental
formance is equal to any ailing v-
nes;el Mr. COOK v. did every:
The charteer of Ferment serve
Lewis of all his shrugs, shakes,
without one of those traits of
given to him. Mrs. Lovnut
from Epicene, Or, Me silent h
TON'S charader serves to display
and a fine woman. The General
Hartwell, in The Sather's Daa-
scene, there was a new trait,
ling, but there it ceased, and w
how lie was cured of it. M
looked and played the amiable
and Mrs. DAVENPORT, in
busy and loquacious as necessary,
teresting and impressive in Mrs
is g.,1 ep with every attention, and bids fair to prose
a lasting favourite. Indeed, there are so m toy just
compliments to the philanthropy, generosity, and
humanity, of Jays Bolt, that, did it possess less
merit, he must proteil it. It was given out
for repetition with unbounded plaudits. The
allusions to Mr. MORTON'S former produaiorn,
as claims on public favour, that the Ladies would
not forget his IV-sy to get Married, or his
,jar
the Heart Avhe, titc. &c. in the Epilogue, are given
with point, and admirably delivered by Mrs. Lercit-
risio, whose clear, well toned voice was distinztly
heard in the remotest parts of the Theatre.

ADIEU.


corasT °Assn's;
'ornedy of The Schei v Tv
I liwban4; was a wow PA
, and received, as fk, 1+
:creme appla.ase. It ap. cn
tome pruning ; but many col
6111T1Cierlt, hewcver, 1/61
evidently designed after tit(
th all the ashiscancst
nice with tit.• business or th
an give. This Comedy L.
mre in which Lord Akr,a.
dl len:rh portraits, and sv
them off to advantage.
ece, and Mr. LmEttv's
teynnd praise. lie is 6,
e of her happiest moulds.
e supposed death of bis
c, his meeting with 114
his interview with fi
Lament:o part of Wipers
Laing we have ever n•:!.
y justice to Lord.' t '
ves as a rehearsal ; 1
takes, and eccentrics:: t ,
of henevok;ice generics
art Lo's /salt is a sketca
Woman. Misi
isplay a 13=116E11 dres,,
Gestral is the G,:.ern.,
Daughter. In his lirt
tit, a propensity to duel.
I we never were informed
Mr. CH•111.(1 KILMI3r.E.
ble Fr-drra adMrably ;
the Ilatorkettar, was g.
tsary. Mrs. GI sits was in.
Ws. RaJno.•. Thel).ec.•
in. and Fi;el,
