the bolder.. Mr. Hume'.. :notion, after the &amnion

bas alre,!7 taken place, will not, we think, be very avail-
able
or well-timed; and we are sure the less this dan- '
gerous question is sow agitated further, for some time to
come, the better. But the justice of Mr. Ilurne's principle
cannot be denied; and it is manly and honourable in him
to come forward, and at once fully and fearlessly avow it.
The West India proprietors cannot be stripped of their
property by any regulations of Parliament, and receive no
compensation in return, without gross and manifes: injus-
tice. The trade in slaves, though now made piracy by
statute, was long fostered and encouraged by various pro-
visions of the Legislature, and efforts made by the West
Indians to check the importations from Africa strongly dig-
' couraged. In this way the slave population in our Western
Colonies grew up; and if the thousands composing it
are to be enfranchised by law, the proprietors have a right
to be fully indemnified for the immense losses they must
sustain is consequence. The efforts of the Abolitionists
have not yet ceased ; they are still pouring in their petitions
on the tables of both Houses. They have embarked in
the pious crusade against the planters, with all the
fervour of torn whose minds are heated by religious
zeal, and the hope of accomplishing a favourite object,
perfectly reckless of all consequences. Unfortunately,
they are utter strangers to the calmness and impartality
which are acquired by accurate and local knowledge.
They have their emissaries active throughout the country,
canvassing partisans; and pamphlets, magazines, and
publications of all sorts are made use of, to fling un-
sparing odium on the negro proprietors, and call forth the
unadvised sympathy of the public. Mr. 'Wilberforce's
" Appeal to the British Public," and Mr. Stephen's late
ivoluminous publication, rank foremost among these produc-
tions. Mr. iVilberforce's pamphlet consists almost wholly
of allegation and invective, unsupported by anything like
calm reasoning or by facts. According to him, " the ne-
groes in our Colonies are inferior to the savages of Africa,"
in assertion with which Mr. Wilberforce will get few to
agree. Mr. Stephen, through a number of pages, dwells
most complacently on his own merits, and the distinguish-
ed virtues of his son, and then heaps together every tale
of exaggeration he could collect, to blacken the planters,
and call forth the wars of feeling sympathy from those
who know nothing of the {Vest Indies, and have not a
shilling of capital embarked throughout the Islands. The
greater number of Mr. IVilberforce's charges have been
positively contradicted by respectable individuals resident
in the West Indies; and Mr. Stephen's "sable romance"
will meet, in due time, the same fate. We know that the
condition of the negroes has been of late years much ame-
liorated by the Colonial Legislators; and we have no
doubt that the planters in general will give the fullest effect
to every recommendation of Government for their further
improvement. We have never thought that slavery can
be perpetual in the West Indies, but its abolition must be
gradual and distant. The great error on the part of the
negroes is, that they look on emancipation as a release
from all labour; they imagine they will be able to indulge
their natural indolence without restraint; but the subject
of future freedom should never be mentioned to the negroes,
without impressing on them, in the strongest manner, that
an exemption from labour would form no part of their new
condition; that they would then have to supply all their
wants and those of their families by their own exertions:
they should be told that food and clothing, now supplied
to them, must then be purchased from their wages ; that for
their cottages and strips of land attached they would then
have to pay a regular rent; while medical attendance,
and the means of support in old age, should also be
provided in the same way. If these few convincing facts
were ineulcated generally on the negro population, they
would soon think more justly on the subject of their eman-
cipation, and few would be found to accept freedom on
such terms. This is the rational and practical mode of
reasoning on this important question. But it is not so the
Abolitionists argue; sweeping assettion and unfounded ca-
lumnies are the weapons they wield. They press forward
the subject at any risk, blind to the consequences that may
follow. Two thirds of the petitioners to Parliament are
utterly unacquainted with the question or its bearings al-
together, and are acted upon by the Missionaries sent
amongst them. We had hoped the discussion of this Ses-
sion would hare quieted this intemperate zeal for a while;
but the " Saints" are not satisfied, and are still in full ac-
tivity. The West Indians cannot, in consequence, be too
strongly on their guard, though we have the fullest reliance
on the moderation and firmness of Government. But if,
at any future day, the measure of emancipation should be
pressed by the loud outcry of the Abolition party, the
planters have a right to demand full compensation for their
losses; and any legislation affecthig them without that con-
cession would be most arbitrary and unjust.

Now that the contested election for the India Director-
ship is closed, we feel at liberty to make a few remarks
upon it. Having no preference in favour of any particular
Candidate, we had DO personal anxiety as to the success of
Mr. MESPRATT ; but we nevertheless rejoice in it, because
we consider it as a triumph in behalf of independence ; we
rejoice in it as a breaking up of a combination which has
been strengthening itself for years, heeded principally by a
certain East India agency-house sending three Members to
l'arliament, and, though with address and skill sufficient
to plan its scheme of influence, has failed in giving it
effect. We have here another confirmation of that useful
truth—that the battle is not always to the strong. It is
true that defeat was never exemplified, that we remember,
in the celebrated batiks of ALEXANDER, and yet he'
stretched his sceptre over the East, and subjected all the
provinces of India to his sway; but HAtLt says of the
Macedonian conqueror, that he was "le plus extraordi-
noire de tour les hommes," which will account for it ; and
the India sovereignty, moreover, did not then, as now,
reside in Threadneedle-street. Had Mr. TUCKER not}
been worsted in the late contest, the
.firm we advert to,
united like the Theban band, had ready on their list
three or fo ir other Candidates, whom they would have
started in the regular order of succession. But the
Directors, some time since, very generally discovered the
project, and they have now given a mortifying rap to the
projectors. Indeed, a very sensible individual among them
—at this moment unhappily labouring under a sudden and
severe indisposition—very shrewdly remarked, " that if
this combination succeeded, the East India House would
soon become as close a borough as Old Serum."
Although, after what we have here said, it will be seen
that we had no wish to congratulate Mr. Tucker on his
success, we still cannot regard but with the utmost indig-
nation the mean and unmanly expedient resorted to for
the purpose of throwing him out. An Englishman has
the character of being a generous enemy. The reviving,
by public placards, the memory of any act, which a man's
virtual have long since buried in oblivion, is an act of the
most pitiful and paltry opposition. The Editors of the
John Bull and the Indian Obserrer newspapers, degrade
the public press, and disgrace themselves, by resorting to a
mode of attack which every gentlemanly mind would

&brink from, inul every honest man must despise. It is
not only the most mischievous, but the basest species of
cowardice. In an honourable contest for place or power,
no man need be ashamed a having failed ; but /Aeg may
well be ashatm d who could act against him in a spirit at
once so mean and so malicious. We hope never again to
witness a proceeding so disgraceful, resorted to for a pur-
pose so unworthy.

Sir Thomas Plumer, the Master of the Rolls, died last
evening. Ile h.ul been for a long time in a declining state
of health, and his retirement from the Bench was an event
upon which many calculations Intl, from tim• to time,
been wade. Sir Thomas, we believe, filled his high judi-
cial station very respectably : as a lawyer, he has not
left a greater character than this 'oehind thim. In private
life he was much esteemed ; and, throughout his judicial
career, he carefully abstained front that manifestation of
political feeling so much the fashion with Judges of the
present day, but which certainly adds little to the character
and dignity of the judgment seat, though it may advance
the personal interest and ambition of its possessor. When
at the bar, Sir Thomas (then Mr.) Plumer gained consi-
derable credit for his defence of Arthur O'Connor, who
(with Coigley and another) was tried for high treason at
Maidstone. Mr. O'Connor 's defence was to have been con-
ducted by Lord Erskine, but his Lordship considered that he
could be of more service to the accused in the witness
box than as his Advocate : he was accordingly examined on
the trial, and Mr. Plumer, to whom the defence was con-
fided, succeeded in procuring the acquittal of his client. This
circumstance materially increased the practice and reputation
of the Advocate. In 1806, Sir Thomas was appointed So-
licitor-General by Mr. Fox, with whom, at that period, he
agreed in politicaNcntimants. For several days past, the
Learned Judge continued in a state of poignant suffering,
and was almost constantly attended by four or five eminent
physicians. His decease has caused a vacancy on the Bench,
for which there will he several earnest candidates, as the
I Mastership of the Rolls is considered, in the profession, as
at once a comfortable and highly valuable appointment.
