LONDON, IVEDNESDAY, MAncii 30, MS.

In the Paris Papers of Sunday we have the conclusion
of the debates on the law for reducing the Rt.ntes. On
Saturday several amendments were discussed and rejected,
and finally the Chamber proceeded to ballot on the main
question, whether the law as amended should pass. The
whole number of voters was 356, of which 2.57 were in
favour of the measure, and 99 against it, Tne law was
accordingly declared to be adopted. We learn nothing
from these Papers as to the proceedings of the Chamber of
Peers on the Law of Indemnity; but it is mated that an
amendment will be moved by the Royalist Opposition,
similar to one that was rejected in the Lower Chamber fur
the appropriation of the Sinking Fund to the purposes of
the indemnity. In this case the law for reducing the five
per cents. would be rejected as unnecessary. The French
Ministry rm., evidently in a state of considerable uneasiness
on account of the temper lately manifested by the Chatn-
hers.

The Eloik denies positively that the Port has advanced
any claim of indemnity for his loss of the Comtat
d'A vignon.
The publicity of the debates of the German States is to
be curtailed, or perhaps entirely suppressed.

The Journal des DrLots has a well written article on the
prospects opened to Europe by the independence of the
new American Republics. We have given an extract from
that part which will be must interesting at this time to
the people of England. ,
[Front the Etoile, dated MoodaYl
STUTElaitn, MARCH 13.
It is reported here, that the publicity of die debates in all the
States of Germany that have a representative government, is going
to be very much modified, and the public sittings of the Assemblies
will be reduced to a very small number. The States of the South
of Germany are on the poiot of making al arrangement for a free
trade between their respective tmitoriers
MADRID, MARCH 17.
Count Brunelli. Minister Plenipotentiary of hid Majesty the
Emperor of Austria to this f' t, had a private audience on the
14th, to present to the King aletter from his Royal Highness the
Ursud Duke of Tuscany. Count do Solaro, Charge d'Affaires of
the King of Sardinia, had the honour to be presented to their
Alajestivs and Royal Highnewi.
Pairs, Maness 27.
The Constitritionne/ has thought fit to amert, that the Coronation
of his Majesty was deferred in consequence of claims made by the
Pope fur an indemnity, on account of the Conitat d'Avignon.
That Journal even dared to say that the Nuncio of his Holiness
had been present at a Council of Ministers held on this subject.
The Cometiistiotmel ought to know that no foreigner whatever has
A any time been admitted to his Maje-ty's Councils, and in the
wend place that the Court of Rome has uothing to do with the
Coronation of our Kings. This august ceremony has beet" con-
stantly performed, almost without exception mace the time of
Clovis, by the Aithbishop of Rhein*. We can further affirm,
that the claims of indemnity of which the Constitathomet speaks,
are entirely of its own invention.
The Memorial Hot *lair contains the following artiek:—
" Letters from Buenos Ayres of the 31st December last, re-
ceived by way a Havre, make no mention of the pretended ad van.
tape" gained by Bolivar's troops ov.r the Royalists. Thee! same
itn:ers say, on the contrary, that a convention was concluded in Au-
gust. between Olaneta, who had disregarded the authority of the
Viceroy, and General Valdez, who Was sent to suppress the dis-
obedience of the former. Br this Convention Olaneta retained the
command of his little division, but with the express condition of
obeying the orders of La Sane, and General 1, alder quitted his
position with the eight thousand men that he commanded, to go
and join the army of the North."

The Wet' India Company Bill was read a second time
last night, after a very feeble opposition on the part of
Mr. F. Bei TON and Mr. W. Sun it. The ground of ob-
jection was, that the Company was established to uphold
slavery. The negro question is one wlticl some Members

of Parliament can never suff2r to pass by them without
some vague and general denunciation of the colonists.
This topic is so irresistible to these gentlemen that it even
moved Mr. Fowst.t: Buxton to take the field against
a bill for a Joint Stock Association. But really w'iat
connection has this Company with the. question of negro
slavery? Certainly. none, excepting so fir ai it may pro-
vide the means of disposing more readily and profitably of
the colonial produce, and in that way ensure, amongst
other beneficial consequences, the greater prosperity of the
islands and the better treatment pf the slave populatiott.
Slavery, unfortunately, exists. It was established by the
British parliament in the colonies for the interests of the
Mother Country. The only consideration with those who
are the sincere and enlightened friends of the negrocs is,
how the work of progressive emancipation can be most
'afely and effectually commenced, and during the con-
tinuance of their actual condition boii they can be ren-
dered most tranquil and comfortable. It is clear that
if the planters be liable to frequently-recurring and
widely-extended distress, the slave population must be
miserable and discontented, and that no measures can
be adopted towards them but those of coercion and
severity. The that step to the improvement of their
moral Ind civil condition must he to raise them frcm
abject distress, and this end can be attained only when
their masters are inn state of case and prosperity. A
wretched body of proprietors and a comfortable popu-
lation of slaves cannot coexist. If Mr. F. BUXTON,
then, were not warped in his judgment by his pre-
judices on this subject, he ought to have been among
the first to have given his support to this measure, more
worthy of his aid, we think, than any of the numerous
schemes in which the Honourable Gentleman is concerned.
The object of the Bill is only to enable the West India
Company to sue and be sued in the name of its Secre-
tary ; and without denying the propriety of extending this
privilege to any of the Companies now before Parliament,
we do not hesitate to affirm that this is far more entitled
to the benefit it solicits than any one of them. The di-
rection of the Company will be under the most ree?ect-
able auspices ; and it is the opinion of the ablest persons I
conversant with the Colonial trade, that the formation of
the Company will render the most essential services both
to the planters and the population.

The law as affecting Joint Stock Companies was brought
under notice last night by Mr. PETI R Moone, On an in-
considerate motion for the repeal of the Bubble Act. When
the Member for Coventry was made to understand that
this Act, however objectionable some of its clauscs un-
doubtedly are, related to a great variety of different ob•
jects, some of which nearly affected the rights and liberties
of the City of London, he was induced to withdraw his
motion. tie was afterwards desirous to bring in a Bill to
amend the objectionable parrs of the Bubble Act, but as he
could not specify the parts he proposed to repeal, he was
again obliged to refrain from his intended legislative
labours.

Mr. ficsatssoir moved fora select Committee to re-
consider the Act passed last Session for the repeal of the
Combination Laws. It is deeply to be regretted that the
disorderly and riotous conduct of the workmen has ren-
dered any change in the existing law a subject even of
consideration with Parliament; but we fear that the sce:ie
that have passed in the North demonstrate the necessit•-
of some amendment. Mr. Heist's Bill was too much•
characterised by that rash spirit of hasty legislation which
belongs to his party. Whatever restrictions may he im-
posed on the workmen, let them bear in mind that ibis
coercion is wholly the result of their own shameful and
.intolerable misconduct.

Mr. LITT trunr, last nigbr; gave notice of his intenticn
to move for leave, on the 14th of April, to bring in a Bill
for the purpose of lim;ting the elective franchise in Ire-
land. This will be the measure for abolishing the false
and pernicious system of forty shilling freeholders, which
is now so prolific of vice and perjury in that country.

CITY, TUESDAY Errristo.
Although there were heavy Riles of Stock, both yester-
day and to-day, Consols continued steady. They were
done for money at 03k. 93, and for the Account at son j.
The novelty in the Foreign Market was the Danish Loan,
contracted for by Messrs. Thomas Wilson and Co.
The terms are as follow:-
175 money for every 100/. of Stock payable at the • following
periods:—
.C 5 on the 31st March 1825
IS . 1:1st April
10 . • 31st May
5 16th June
15 . • - 14th July
10 . . 12th August
10 - . 14th September
S . 13:h October

r 5
Discount will be allowed on payment in full, at the rate
of four per cent. per annum.
It was done at first from par to } premium ; but it After_
wards declined to discount. South American Securities
were tolerably firm; Colombian Bonds went up from b 94
to 90; Mexican Scrip was 1 ; and Brazilian Scrip was
at 2. Spanish Bonds improved notwithstanding the un-
ceasing efforts to depress them. The Old were at 231
and the New were at 181 1. The Greek Bonds were at
54, and the Scrip was considerably better towards the
close of the day. It left off at 431. In the early part of
the day it had been done at 34 4. Th' reason assigned for
this advance was, that accounts hail arrived statityr that
Russia had evinced a more friendly disposition towards the
Greek cause.
In the Share Market, the Pearl Sind Coral Company still
continues to be the great point of attraction amongst
speculators. The Shares in it were to-day done at V 3,27.
The Peruvian Company was at 2} f. The Mexican at
6 to 7, and the Pascoe from 19, 20.
In the Colonial Market there was only one board of
Sugar sold, but that went off at a very firm price. There
was nothing doing in Coffee; but we can state that the
price is steady.
The Cotton Market is rising progressively, and looks
uncommonly well.

Extract of a letter from La Guayra, dated the 9th of
January :—" This morning, at half-past two o'clock, we
had a severe shock of an earthquake, which created great
alarm tit the inhabitants ; hut fortunately no mischief en-
sued from it. The alarm has subsided, business is again
resumed, but the people are evidently under great appre-
hension that a repetition will occur. The face of nature
here beats the most promising appearance, but the natives
are so indolent, that they will not even take the crops from
the ground—nothing is wanted but industry."
Accounts from Spain state that mines of gold and :laver
have lately been discovered in the valley of Santa Anna, in
Estramadurs, and that the King has given ()Weis not
only to allow but to encourage the labours and researches
of those who addicted themselves to those pursuits.
The last letters from Alexandria state the last year's
crop of cotton in Egypt at 200,000 bales, of which Eng-
land will probably receive 150.000.
The trial of Fort was continued on Saturday in the
Court of Assizes at Paris ; Very, the Valet de Chambrc
whom he attempted to kill, was one of the witnesses ex-
amined. By the testimony of a sett eon it appeared that
a mere accident alone prevented the consummation of the
crime. The prisoner was as active as on the former days,
but his replies were less pointed and to the purpose.
Sir Francis Omnianney did not persevere in his motion
last night for papers respecting piracy; it being intimated
to him in his place that provision was making for the dis-
tribution of banal... 3 for the capture of pirates, to be in-
corporated in the new Bill relatirg to the payment of the
[crews of bis Majesty's shits.
