NO. 6,826.

lONDON and CALMS STEAM PACKETS.—The
14 Proprietors of the abut c Packets most respectfully acquaint
the Public, that one of the about Vessels will continue to go to
and from Calais during the Month of November, on the following
Jaya
TO C.11.A IS.
Wednesday, 3, Eight Morning
Saturday, 11, Nine
Wednesday, 10, One
Satunlay, IS, Three
Wednesday, 17, Seven
Saturday, 20, Eight
Tdesday, VI, Twelve Night
Saturday, 27, Two Morning

FROM CALMS.
1 1
TMhounniddaya, 1, Six Morning
y,
4, Eight
Monday, 5, One
Thursday, 11, Three
Monday. 15, Seven
Thursday, 15, Eight
Sunday, 21, Twelve Night
Thunclay, IS, Two Morning
Monday, 29. Sit
'donned. that any Persons going
, or 27th, can be accommodated
before six o'clock in the eviming,
night.

The Public are respectfully inf
to Ca:Ali on the 10th, 13th,
with beds on board, by applying I
and being on board before ten at n

BANK AND STOCK EXCHANGE SHADES,
38, nrogroorton-street,
Ting the AUCTION 31. t HT and BANK of ENGLAND.)
() those who may visit the City, to receive their
Dividends, and upon other business, JOHN FOWLER,
and CO. the Proprietors, take leave respectfully to announce.
that they have opened the above Establishment, foe the Supply of
Refreshments of the best kind at moderate Vilma.
The Proprietors may be allowed further to add, that no Pains or
Expecte have been spared, to make it one of the first Establish-
ments of the kind, and in providing for the Comforts and Conve-
nience of those Gentlemen who mar honour it with their Patronage,
which they will seek, by unceasing Attention to the public Accom-
modation, to merit, and hope to secure by the Supply of the best

A rticles.
N.B.—The Establishment is furnished with the principal
Morning and Evening Papers, dc. There is also a Private Room
for Parties, and wine. of a superior Quality.

MR. HAMILTON TO THE PUBLIC.
RETURNED from a Summer excursion to the North,
Mr. HAMILTON submits once more to the consideration
of the enlightened community of the metropolis that SYSTEM of
INSTRUCTION which he had first the honour of proposing to
them one year ago. Without a protector but its own merits, with-
out a co-operating friend in those circles the public expression of
whose approbation usually insures success, the Hamiltonian Sys.
tern has successfully warred against the host of adversaries whom
incredulity and interest have excited against it.
Above 130 public and private classes have been formed within
the lest year in London and its vicinity ; between 21)0 and 300 pu-
pils are now in progress in Liverpool, Glasgow. and Paisley, yet
no complaint, no instance of failure. has yet been brought before the
public. The books published by Mr. Hamilton fur the attainment
of the French, Latin, and Greek, ase now in the hands 01 several
thousand persons, and, with the aid of the full instructions which
they contain for the use of them, produce, even in the hands of
other teachers, effects altogether impossible on the plan of the
schools. No one of Mr. Hamilton's numerous adversaries has
brought forward a solid objection to his system, or has attempted
so controvert the effects ascribed to it.
May it not therefore be fairly inferred, that the thing was impos-
sible, that Mr. Hamilton has fulfilled every engsgement, accom-
plished every prediction, satisfied every reasonable expectation?
And if he has, and If evidence that he has done so is before the
public. uoimi:eaclied and unimpeachable, what hinders that the
Hamiltonian System be adopted** the national system, in the room
of that of which society has been so long the victim and the dupe ?
Is there really such a pleasure in poring over the pages of a
grammar or dictionary, to the exclusion Of all useful knowledge,
that those parents who hare run the scholastic gauntlet of a seven
years' drudgery themselves, are afraid to deprive their children of
the comforts and benefits which they derived from It ; or is it that
the children themselves, like Russian wives, are sc much in love
with slavery and flogging, that they are unwilling to give up such
truly impressive marks of the affection of their masters ? Of this
affection some preciosia instances have lately berm brought before
tabeoreric in one case, the blood drawn in above 40 places ; in
o , a child between seven and eight scourged to blood for not
pronouncing rightly the word " affectation !" °horror I And Bri-
tons, whose blond thrills at the relation of West Indian slavery,
bear of such aboard, such atrocious cruelty with indifference; and
the papeftatoe of so foul a deed is dismissed from the tribunal oo
condition of paying the surgeon, and boasts of having had nearly
6,000 children committed to his care! Punishment is really as fo.
reign to the business of a teacher se it is to that of the doctor or the
lawyer ; as reasonable would it be in the former to flog his patients
or the latter his clients, as it is in schoolmasters to flog their pupils.
If they teach, punishment is unnecessary ; but they order to learn;
flogging becomes a matter of necessity ; for an order implies the
power and the will to enforce the execution of it. Here, then, is
the grand feature which distinguishes the jkomiltonian system
from all others ; on this system alone the ter says " aliens,"
an the others say " Idles." The difference between Measure weeds
is sufficient to overturn the world, and may wAI account for the
effects ascribed to the Hamiltonian System, for the possibility of
guaranteeing the progress of every individual pupil, of predicting a
given proficiency in a given time, with the same certainty as the
arrival of a stage at a cettain hour. To teach, on whatever mode,
is sufficient to operate wonders ; but here it is systematized ; it is
enabled to display its energies by analytical translation, repetition,
chusitication of the pupils, and beginning a language with the
words, and not with the laws by which they are muibined. These
principles apply to every mind, wlftther cultivated or not ; to every
Intellect, whether obtuse or acute ; to every degree of previous ac-
goirement. But those who say Mr. Hamilton cures all diseases
with the same remedy confound disease with health, and drugs with
wholesome food. .Me. Hamilton receives no pupii who dust not
wmai, or at least appear to possess, a sound mind in a sound
body ; none who have eny other disease than partial ignorance; for
,this, the remedy must always be the same, to teach. Once more
Mr. Hamilton entreats the attention of a British public to the evi-
dam he offers of a proficiency in any given science hitherto un-
known, and with an economy of time, of labour, and money, of
which the common plan of schooling can furnish neither idea tor
example.
Mr. Hamilton only waits a more distinct expression of the public
opinion as to his system to establish a Hamiltonian School for
Youth, in which it is proposes) to have a e room and sepa-
rate teacher for every eight pupils in whichsa
' everyt
pupil will be
taught six hours a-day, on the plan of his private classes, all those
objects which in after life we would wish to have learned, but for
the attainment of which a whole life would be too short on the com-

mat plan, in which the instruction will be certain and the attain.
mint of vicious habits impossible, which shall combine all the ad-
vantages and obviate the inconveniences of public schools. He
trusts that the present winter will suffice for this purpose ; and
that, in March next, he will be able to offer to the public the pro-
%pectin of such an establishment. Meantime he will be happy to
receive the advice of such gentlemen as are friendly to his efforts,
relative to the location ? whether the establishment ought to be a
day or boarding school, or both ? the object& to be taught, the re-
muneration to be stipulated ? the mode of bringing the subject be-
fore the public, &c.
With a view to create the greatest possible number of witnesses
to its Orkney to enable all but the wilfully blind to see its nature
and effects, Mr. Hamilton will endeavour to give his private and
public classes for adults the greatest extent in his power. His
partner for the classical languages, Mr. Underwood, will be
shortly in London. A son and daughter, born in France, who
were his coadjutors in the United States for several years, have
again united themselves with hint. Several more mistime of real
talents have been engaged, for the modem as well as ancient Lan-
guages. in order that the winter classes may begin with every pos-
sible advantage,
A Class of Ladies, for the French language, at 11. per section,
without guarantee, (useless fur those who are in earnest to
km.) will meet on Monday, the 30th instant, at 2., Cecil-street,
at 1 o'clock.
A Class of Gentlemen. without guarantee, fur the French lan-
guage, will meet at 25, ('eil.street. on Mondry, the 30th inst. at
eight o'clock in the evening. Terms, 11. per section of ten lessons,
payable in advance.
And a like Class, at the Paul's Head, CI
day the 31st, at eight o'clock in the evening.
A Class for the Latin language, on like terms, will meet in
Cecil-street, on IVednoselay, the 26th inst. at eight o'clock in the
evening.
A Privets Class of Ladies, for French, will meet Miss Margaret I
•Hamilton, at No. 25, Cecil-meet, Strand, on Wednesday, the Ist
November, at 12 o'clock precisely.
A Private Claes of Ladies, for Italian, will be met by Miss
Hamilton, at the same place, on Thursday, the 2d November at
st 12 o'clock precisely.
Private Classes for the Latin, Greek, German, Spanish. Italian,
and French, with guarantee, continue to commence every 3londay,
and meet three times a-weak, at 25, Cecil-street, Strand, Mr.
Hamilton's sole estahlklintent in laindon. Subscription 21. 10s.
per section. 31r. Hamilton wishes it to be understood that no spec-
tator is suffered at either public or private classes. The instruction
is the same in both ; the guarantee offered the private classes, and
the facility of meeting at almost all hours, and of taking the sec-
tion at will, constitute the chief difference.
Private Classes, for all the languages, met in any part of the
town or neighbourhood on the same terms yin Cecil-street.
The Works hitherto published on the Hamiltonian System. with
full directions for their use, to In had of 31easea. Roomy and Son,
Eroad-street; of 31e. Sauter, 73, St. Paul's Church-vanl • or of
Mr. Hamilton, ti, Cecil-street, Strand, and at his Establishments
in Liverpool and taupe. s. d.
French Gospel of St. John, containing the fullest instruc-
tions for its use - - - - 4
Latin ditto, ditto . 4ll
Greek ditto, ditto . : : : -7 6 Epitome Historie Sacre, intended, with the Laths Gram-
mar, for the second and third sections of the Latin com' ii II
Latin Grammar 1
F'rench ditto - : :
2 tt
. Italian ditto -
2 6
And by Mr. Ilnderworal, Stud; Metrics, or an Introditc.
titan to the tlomposition of Latin licsarneter and Yenta-
meter, Alcaie and t'anphie l'erse - . 3
Is
try to ditto, .ontatning the whole of the Exercises at length 2 0

on Toes-
