CITY ELECTION.

Pie Slit air r —Th2re is no doubt on my mind, and I dissolve
!!.t Mectiv.
li demard a poll. Gentlemen, you'll all come to
ilche ter nn Mointly. This was as foul a division as ever was
au• de. MO:iends declare that I had two to one.
A MAGII*TRATZ-1 propose I vote of thanks to the Sheriff.
Mr. fIUNT—IIe won't have it—he's off. My friends. I'll de.
V;4 a poll in t' e usual form, and expect to see you on Mon-
,. v. and to I e at 'he he .d of the poll.
31, eting then separated.

Mr. Rutile, having atiengtit resiAncd, nfter a hard•fongbt eon_
test, in which hr was deceived by more than two hundred voters,
Mr. Lockhart and Mr. Lang,tone are rammed as /daubers to
verve this aucimt city in Parllarnebt.

READING ELECT/OX.

READING, JUICE 16
At the close of the poll last night, though Mr. Spence was
twenty-five below Mr. Palmer. yet it was evident, from the anxious
looks and Increased activity of the Leto gentleman's friends, that
they were not without apprehensions as to the result, and doubtless,
if it should be unfavourable to them, it mutt be mainly attributed
to the skilful manonivre of theie adversaries, in inducing Mr.
Wakefield to withdraw. It is evident that the Blues, who would
consider the election of Mr. Spence as a great victory over the Ra-
dicals, as they call their opponents, are using the MOM strenuous
exertions to effect their purpose. Carrieges were sent olf in every
direction to bring up such voters as were absent, and it is now ex-
pected that the contest will last possibly till the end of the week-
Yesterday one of Mr. Spence's friends called upon a Mr. Stone. a
very old and infirm gentleman, who ids said not to be very friendly
to their object, to endeavour to bring Min over and get him up to
the poll, but he could make no impression upon this stone. Shortly
afterwards Mr. Spence himself waited upon him, but it would not
do,lhe was not even permitted to see the old gentleman. A wag,
who saw Mr. Spence go up to the door, observed, " You see they
wish not to leave a stew unturned.", Indeed this /toying, in its
usual metaphorical sense, may be well applied to both parties, for
greater exertions, we believe, cannot he made than arc now making
by each to insure success. The crowd in the body niche flail watt as
great sod as noisy as usual, butt nothing particular occurred worthy
of entice. At a quarter pest MX o'clock the Mayor rose, and said
that he was happy to obt.rve that no &shit hence had occurred dur-
ing the day that called for any animadversion from him. He then
proclaimtil the state of the poll as under :
onck '42 %fierce - - - 4l<
Palmer - - 463 I

Foca ort.nce.
The poll opened thin morning at the usual hour, and has pro.
ceerlcil very heavily all day, Mr. Spenea's voters being brought op
very leisurely, in tinter to give time for thone to iniv who have'
been went for from a distant*. The only eireunguance that hag
caned to-day worth, of eartietthrt notice is the etrinthg np of a
voter w hu had been polled before, to tender hie vote for Mr. Spence.
as noon an it wan tflia.orrreil, ocennioqed an immense outcry
eoemrit that part of the populace who favour Mr. Palmer, and'
frequent shout.' of "Shaine I 'ilea telek!" &e. were !third.
Shortly afterwards Mr. Spence MIN antf littlird that he had in-
quired into the circumstance, and eintld 'more the ilttethig that
it arose from a iiiintake, that he dischrinthil most pieAiriv,ty
ha :mg sanctioned trick., of any surf and that he would sooner
lie- n chance of hit eleciii» thou r sun ar.ami thing of the hied.
It win be perreired dirt very few lithe been pulhgl to-say,
though every corner of the town it now being raked far enters, end
every person who is at all likely to paiiin 'mister, It, N peaketik.
peithed up to the husithew, its moor ientatawt only to Midwife the
tth.initicatiun of being 'ejected.

~,

custom in me mist times or tne Gogitsn tonstitution-this prece. iii-oriii-w-o-uil 11-eSa tice-itoll e;ery. d'ay. He. thdt.ga. wive mat
stmt.! •
- ~.... .6 MN 1... p i i at asoro
_. .
ee i. aeattariuge. ta ne nonus ot air. oat cried out that within the, rank amovg the beat and meetmi sup. twenty-five below Mr. Palmer. yet ii.wie evidWnt. from tile anxious dent has been sat on two former occasion,' in Northumberland. It for three cheers for Hotnek and liberty, which was given accord.
is, I etippose. because Mr. Beaumont thinks this an absurd and "
limn was Inn.) porters of Protestent religion. The Ileuse of n his looks and Increased activity of the Lind gentleman's friende, that
foolish 3leeeting that he has thought tit to repeat before Me that ingrite Rev. Mr. Blab then stood forwatd. Ile raid, I hold in
Mt Hex a-Mr. Snei tit I call upon you to divide the Meet- always been thc friend of civil and religious liberty, Rnd 1 they were not without apprehensions as to the resnit, and doubting,
if it should be unfavourable to them, it muet be matey attributed charge which his friends and adherents. in aavertisements arid eke *
ar. Then: seems to he a doubt. am proud to say, that en ancestor of mine has shed hie blood in
Ci-
The bier met -Th2re is no doubt on my mind, and I dissolve defence of Pro estantisin t and this at the very time when the Vol_ to the skilful manommx of theft adversaries, in inducing Mr. tioneering squibs, have not ceased to din in our ears. But, l- my hand a newspaper containing the requisition for calling dim
ms alerting. versifies of Oxford and Ctimbridge were supporting the totteripg araketieid to withdraw. It is evident that the Bites, who would men, though he has not made this charge before me, it fleanst acne. pvlay geglitrahaseoridi,t3inspar.agnyieperni:pettirei„c:ll77.lzewhialtiClainiinbign.reqsoutleo:4eddartihe.,ll7
11r. Ii C NT-I demand a pull. Gentlemen, you'll an come to cause of the Papista, and actually presented a memoriel to Parini- consider the election of Mr. Spence as a great victory over the Ra- often been repeated, that I must take this opportunity of answering
you.
a meeting, to take into coneideratinn wbo may be deemed pna.
. '
ildkater nn Meteley. This was na foul a division as ever was ment, in which they stated that it was the duty of the people to dotal as as the call their opponents, are using the moot strenuous ft, and if lam guilty of any mistake oir. R. has the wer oe
f .
ree tie. 31) Hens), del that I bad two to one. pay obedience to their rulers in ell matters of faith and doctrine. eaertions to died their purpose. Carriages were cent off in every correcting me. It has been said my centine forward is an attempt
A 31•otet ifeern- propose a vote of thanks to the Sheriff. And yet theso very 1./Meer/dies are now mltting forth the cry- direction to bring uli such voters as were absent, and it Is now es- to turn out a particular person, against whom no Jun cause . per persona to tepresei.t this coinnty in Parliament." The
Mr. HUNT-Ile won't have it-he's off. My friends. I'll de.possibly till the mid of the week. blame can be urged. Gentlemen, -as 1 have been so ofien res
.:.:1 lenguage is as nonseneical as the intention of it is Garen:tool.
" The Church is its danger;" and a descendent of •he noble Immo pected that the contest will last
Yesterday one of Mr. Spence's tamed* called upon a Mr. Stone. a Whoever drew ue Misrequisition cannot write the Enalisn tan.
d a p0:1 in t. e onal form, and I'll expect to see you on Mon. of Ilipeoll is derounced to an enemy to the Protestant Church. on the subject, I will say that Ido consider Mr. Beaumont Pan im-
game. and I. will or bound to new lie cannot speak an •
,e.v. end to I e at ,he heed of the poll.
proper person to represent this county in Parliament, arse I ground other language with good sense. (6,m does or. nnoeottete) 1
I have now none over the charges against my private and public vies o and infirm gentleman, who as stud not to be eery friendly
bis bring us to? Supposing we net according to its own name, it
Ti:: 31, eung dam separated. character, and I again Ink you heye I forfeited me claim to year to their object, to endeavour to bring him over and get him up
,to this opinion not only upon his public conduct, but also u
briage us only to this-to a dertsiou of Who (nee be deemed pm.
. - • •- . esteem fr You have your choice. On one side is the curie of lode- the Pell. but he could make Mr hnrcwitm upon this stone. Shortly conduct in private lik. Let us look at the history of Mr. B.'s life.
.He enters Pnrhament as r. supporter of Ministers. Were there per to represent chit county. Why tints wail section long age.
lICA'TINGDONSIIIRE ELECTION. pcndence-on the other, the cause of a coalition who will only afterwards 31r.Spence himself waited upon him, bat it would not
do,fhe was not even permitted to see the old gentleman. A wag, was a tremendous uproar raised by the friends of Mr. Beaumoet in You have the conemOble account of tar motive of the tegMa.
—we, prove thenatelvta the servants of the Ministers of the day : and
The election of two Repreeentatiees ih Parliament for the county " Better we all were in our metros, who saw Mr. Spence go uei to the door, obeereed, " You see the
but I will lead veu e little nearer to the rest ont: l'he .. wise net to leave a snow unturned.", Indeed this paying, in its 0, Huntingdon cnmmenced yesterday. Long before the appointed Tnan live in slavery to slayer.'
' nod. "Ir the Mond' will pennit that conspicuous knot in that cur- late Illember far Durham, 31r. ',minim: appears on tintss Ude
front of the hustings.) When silence was restored, his Lomtshin tion .
usml metaphorical sense, may be well applied to both partite', for nee to disturb the proceedings of the meeting, I had better at once of the Tyne-he attend. Lord ilowiek'e conmateeasome.
I emir of meeting the town presented all the gaiety and bustle in- Oersend Oeseow then proposed Viscount Mandeville, and said
we believe, cannot be made then are now making be ciiente•
mina upon a secerely-crinteced election. Bands of music pa-Qaiet having been restored, hie Lordship wild, " 1 and from that consultation proceeds this requisition. Does the bite
he' Oh :loured that if he was returned to Parliament, he would greater exertions,
icy each to Mame success. The crowd O the body [tithe Hall wee se
feted the streets, the shops were clo.ed, and every preparation aP. serve the colour faithfully, and both the agricultorel and contrite,-
es usual, but ',Thing particular occurred worth will now resume. Let us look at the history of 51r. Besamont's Member for Durham, after ail the fatigue, e= reed
aid ansiety.
1. wed to be male by the partisans of the respective Candidat to dal interest would find in hot aze ihlus anti 'Give summon. He great and si ""'sf
of entice. At a quarter pest tie o clock the Mayor rose, and said public life. He enters Parliament the President of a Pitt Ciub which has been incurred, mean to Inv that penning has been ot. ' 1.
v se tte'r I. 'runtish.* a cordial recent
and a determined supporter of Ministers. In a short time he because he has not been tie doer of n ? Shall ht come here and.
ion. At half-past nine Rim, was sure the Meeting would agree with Lim on lee opinion of the
that he was happy to obterve that no disturbance had occurred due-
t. my rellowes, Esq. made his entrmce into Huntingdon, pee- Noble Vivotint, and that they would put him at the head of the
ing the day that called for any aninindvention from him. lie then changea.and beemnee, what he called himself, independent of all tell the freeholders of Not thumbed:toil that they have been all chit • .
, . Oel by an excellent band of music, and accompanied by a mu poll and keep him there.
parties, but generally voting with the Opposition. Then he pro- tune reckoning without their host, because Joist (ienrge LOollitoa .
I. ' :roue hotly of his tenantry and of the freehotders in his It:tenet, T. qI:IN 'V IV, EMI. in a few words seconded the nomination, procleinual the state of the poll as under :-
reeds a step farther, and writes a letter, which Can be produced Ilan not there ? (Appian's. from the Beaumont petty.) Ru; I a
°';• 0 rehick, te the number of upweede of three hundred, and ex. and said he WWI confident that if hit Lordship was sent to Pasha- Slonck - - - felt 1 Spence - - - 4•7 before you, to .nie of the leading Whig*, toying mat he was de- sure there is nogendenian presort who does net think that thin ina
t•tulli.i: more than half a mile in leng.h. He was 'thorny after • Meet, his public conduct would merit their entire sperohation. Palmer . - - eni 1 temined to unite himself to a party, mil that no the must mature terference of Mt. Lambs
is most improner and meet itahmeetta
e ads (allowed 'l. Lord John Infest% who was also attended by a Lord Meint eittn then protented l.hnrdf to the Sleeting. Foes tecg,orz, retitati„n the %vhigli are that oarty in the State to winch hr is most (Shouts of " Never." I is it not enough that Jeent (*rive Lamb-
(Shouts of "hence, hear.") lit can- toe should ride high and above the freeholder, of Dothan', but Mar
n‘'re petty of freeholder', both on horse and foot. Lord Viscount and was received with conaitierable amininee. though not without The poll opened this inoening at the usual hour, and has pro- disposal to give his coutidente.
people of Delights Ina‘:e
I '44nierille aerived in his carriage, which was dsawa to the hustings some interruptioe from the Berea ift's Lorda,ip raid, .. I come ceteled very heavily all day, Mt. Spence 's enters being broeglit op sr-qui:nee of certain oreorteltrts, to which I need not here snore per. he should coriie iisid wish to Uamrle upon you ? Mime) tat
a, th. papaw:, amide.. loud applause. forward lantlet), free and independent, and if you think roper to very tea ureiy. in order to give Hifi,: for those to ennee who have titularly allude. Mr. Beanntont, tor two years and a MU, or nearly him re nember that as the brmth of the
Tn. High Sheriff (Thomas Skeet% Pryer E. reed the elect me, I pledge myself to minion emit
cl 4 ant measure which may be been lemony from a distanei. The only arcametance that her to. three years, totally absents himeell from his perlinmentary ditties, hien, so the breeett of .he people of it will dastrly hoe. i
"titre-Ilan. st half-pastlen O'clock, widener reading the Writ, and for the good of the country, coned to-day worths, of rewinds' notice is the nimble up of a During that hog Moe Inc left yow a nhout the services of one of (" Never, never.") And lam struck with assoniWintent that lie •
and of this county in particular."
and then he again conies into -public life, and should descend fruit Colt MO • pedestal at whien the nine of air
Act against Bribery, he atljennned the 3leeting. to the &Packing The High Sheriff then proeenled to take a ehcw of hinds fin voter who had been polled before, tip tender his vote for Mr. Spence. your rieweeematives, •
amines winch' bed been erected in front of the Shire-Hell. As the respective candidates in the note! In which they were . This, a* soon as it was teluar:ered, oceredoged an itterinwe outcry commences his career by a violent attack on Mut Party to which he men county hail placed tninn-thst ay ehould come and attack ma
nopalace who favour 31r. Palmer, area had before goen his confidence: lie 'Macke all the gentlemen of Beaumont by all thC.e ars he has twd. (Disapprobation) Let
.octi a+ edema: could be obtained, the Hien SUERIYr oneerved, Avery few hand,' were held up for Me. Venom's; the name of amongst deo pan of the
thet the Sleeting wan amendeed for the purpose of electing two John Reese!' was received with the moor deefening plaudits, sad frequent statues of "Shinto I hula creek!" &e, were heard. Northumberlatal and he calls them " base aritoracy." whom the late Member tor oneo. 114 his teed anon tin, heart, and say
Kr/airmen to represent the county in the eratane Parliament. He M immense number of bands were held up in has favorer. the liortie afterwards Mr. Spence Tee inte ateted the,. he had in- he intend, to trample beneath hit chariot wheels. tHere wets whether he scold wedt every holly. ev,ov oiektr, of his sersesaate iiee. t
'toned the y weal patiently hear every genti„,,in who a jailed to chew of hands was Alm nomeeous for Viscount Mandeville. The gaged into tile titre:int:ince, and amid Regain the Meetimg that rentio a distill:lance raised by the friemia wf 31r. Beaumont. to be eapoeed to public view ? 1 abaft bow only teoubie you alas.
&advise them, sad above all, he would advise thew so abstain Nigh oheriff declared the numbers le be in favour of lord John it arose from a mistake, that be dwelttinled nom pleated, After it subsided, lent Ilowivk rennittel.) Dentlernen, a 1 a few remarks with regard to the Canaanite oe my leaf. tieora. • '
l/enn theellonalities mentde the respective candidates, and to eon. Rtesaeg and lewd inendeville. A pelf was intlialille demanded ha: rte tattieeoned Dicke of any *on : *la that he woad sooner person may change his politic.' opinions from motives of I Remick). I would wish ;novae of him witty tRe pfe•attn „m"... r
:on the Peweesdings of the thy with cheerfulness nod good hum,'" for aer. penowee, anti the High Sheriff annoaaced toast it would 1n,..' a n'illace or tot election than r tint te•aut thing of tilt kind. an honowreme and conscientious nature t but I mule ever I for I believe he is a wino amiable roune toaseeman. esd aam ert-Wre.
JAWT:S Ton mato-toe, ldsq. then came forward, to propose IVil- commence at twelve o'clock. It will be perceived 'thee very few have been
though ,very corner of the town it non tieing raked nit. meters, and hate been so midden, polled today, took with suspicion mein the conduct of that main where changes I that he should tend himself_ at his lion entennee into lilt. to %.13 Ij2.- •
l'sna Henry Fel/Gaol, ea.i. as a fit and proper person to represent Beare the High Shea-gained the hurdlers, so frequent, and so violent. iuneering,tempt to brine hint into pertietargau degeeee of relive Nene ,
eieroonty in Parhameht, lie on/served that the day length Lord MitTow olshoe4 1"CflOiOlOn to addrese the Meetingee, and ever,' person who is at all likely to press 'mime,. III( K pentelde, mingled with disaporobatinnt) Fait, gientlemen, it is rot (rely on inc. Iby assailinn priveteehereeter. He iii inenboateanate oe -.l' ,s
was at
el intalaivet Annie Arm they were call •ti upon to exercise the elective frau• fleece being ',mein, d, his Lordship Raid, that before the *lees phshed up to the heeelege, is tamer it/Monett old/ IS uttelevgb the cmint ne hie wrens° conduct that i BMA Mr. Premium/nen until i agate. al the sim of Lord Grey. I ant miry an eedetkely der
i
waits pestergeg e. the peg, they matt anew him to cougrattshilk Mortiketion of being rejected.
vitie-a day glottal ter the conatitntiOn ef dee @awry, antlgestr- pelmet to reprenest this comity. Mr. kleautnont and kle Whet/ante as yourselves, era a confess tliat tdy pleneiele freeinge meal eeje. • • I
i
1
-
.
