We have received Brussels Papers to Saturday inclusive.
They are principally filled with the debates in the States
General, on matters of internal regulation. A project of
law has been discussed to put an end to the circulation of
French coin in the southern provinces of the kingdom. It
was carried in the Lower Chamber by a majority of only
five votes, there being 47 for it, and 42 againpt it ; but in
the Upper Chamber the votes were equally divided. The
project is of coarse rejected. This is the first instance of
such a division. It is announced that the KING'S health
is completely restored.
nit usszr.s. Jaw. 12.
The Court of Assize has this morning seozenced H. Voudevelde,
for swirallitig and usury, to two years Imprisonment, a fine of 1,000
&wins, and after the expiration of his imprisonment so remain for
five years under the police.
A strict search has lately been made in this city within these few
days, for the purpose of aciziog a pamphlet, with ties title of
" St. Napoleon in Paradise and in Exile."
nauseam. JAN. 14.
M. Vanderfosse, Governor of the province of Hainaut, who was
entrusted by his Majesty with a mivion to Paris, relative to our
Lanz:ter:la' relations with France, arrivedlMESl in this city on t
he 12th.
NBORON, R.
A letter written from Para by a person of some distinction, con-
tains the following passage :—`• It is observed, that since the de-
parture of Lord Strangford from Constantinople, the influence of
England over di, minds of the Ministers of the Porte visibly de-
clines, while that of Count Guilleminot, the French Ambasasulor,
has considerably sossiostood. We are ignorant whether hi. Excel-
lency has taken eV sup; to induce the Divan to adopt a more con-
ciliatory:quern folioolidso Greeks, though the Sultan has formally
declared that he orSologyed to try the chine- of another campaign
against the Grealalliellgging oo ibis aid of the Pasha, Viceroy
of Egypt.",
BERLIN, JAN. 5.
An EstmortHolt ortroor. despatched from the Office cif Foreign
Affairs, at Vienna,t within these few days despatches of the
highest importance to our Cabinet, supposed to be relative to recent
icoinniunications from the Bcitisb Government to the Austrian

♦Ye have received Jamaica Papers to the 7th ult. The
House of Assembly had adjourned on the 3d, and it was
expected that the business of the Session would be closed
in the course of the next fortnight. The following are
extxacts:—.

[From the Jamaica Courant of Dee. 61
COLOMBIA.
The following articles are translated from Colombian Gazettes of
recent dates:—
The following Proclamation was read by Bolivar himself to his
army, at the opening of the Campaign, and which happily had the
desired effect :
" SOLDIEas !—You are now about accomplishing one of the
greatest deeds and obligation, which [leaven has destined man to
perform ; it is that of liberating half the world from oppressive
slavery.
"Soldiers !—The enemies which it is your duty to destroy, boast
of having been triumphant for these last fourteen years ; yet, will
they dare nliasure their arms with ours which have proved victo-
rious it. a thousand battles?
"'Soldiers !—Peru and all America expect from ycu peace—that
dear offspring of victory ; and even Europe contemplates on you
with admiration, because the liberty of the New World is the
hope of all the Universe. Will you therefore slight this general
wish ? No! No No! lam convinced you will not, because you
are ins inciblc. " Botivan."
By a law passed in Congress on the )6th August last, the fol.
lowing places have been decreed as the only ones with which a
direct commerce of importation and exportation from Europe and
the United States ear, be carried on, and at which several places
Custom-house' are to be established :
Ix THE ATtawvic—Parapatar and Juangriego, in the Island
of Margarita; the following provinces of La Antigua, Guayana,
and Smatoloms• de Angostura, comprehending the ports of Cu.
mans, Barcelona, La Gules, Puerto Cabello, Corn, Maracaibo,
Riohacha, Santa Martha, Cartagena, Cliagres, and Porto Bello.
Ix Tac Pectrie—The ports of Guayaquil, Est:omit:les, Pa-
nama, and Buenaventura.
DASSETEIIt, ST. KITT'S, SEPT. 7.
An important communication from Earl Bathurst, to his Eseel
lenerthe Captain-General, was laid before the two Ilan= of Le..
gislature on Friday last, in reference to the Slave Population, and
containing some recommendations founded on the Trinidad Order
In Council, with the view of consolidating various enactments res.
panting that class : and which Order, it is intimated, is about to
be immediately elset4 to Denier are, Berbice, St. Lucia, and the
Mauritius. Theig. ohle .bO,lllll-Is•p•Sela likewise notilies the ap-
pointment of the Colonial Bishops. No discussion took place Its
the House of Assembly on the subject, a bill, as we understood, be-
ing sireak. in • COWSe of preparation for the accomplishmeut of
every practicable measure of imi,rovetnent ; and it now remains •
'ligation of the deepest interest' for legislative determination, how
Ise the views of his Majesty's Government may be reconcikd with
the peculiar local circumstances of the country.
We loam by a gentleman lately from Alarunique, that two brigs.
with six guns each, have lately carried into that Island cargoes of
' African Slaves to the number of six huralre,l, which have beat sold
there.— Bat Woes Paper.

It gives us much pleasure to find, from the number of
letters we have received from the City on the subject of
the mining speculations, that the remarks we have made
in the way of admonition have produced a strong impres-
sion, anti a correspondent good effect. Some few there are,
however, who, while they admit the justice of our remarks
and the usefulness of the cautions they contain, insist,
nevertheless, that they apply too generally, and that their
force and severity male it of the more importance that
they should be restricted to those specific mining projects
and projectors, against which the unreflective were put so
strongly on their guard. It was our design, in the few
observations which we made in our Paper of Friday, to
intimate to that inconsiderate class of persons for whom our
words of advice were intended, the necessity of making,
previous to parting with their money, the necessary in-
quiries as to the character, condition, anti responsibility of
the parties upon the faith of whom they embarked their
property ; as upon the result of such inquiries they could
alone be safely governed, with regard to the shares they
were rushing with such avidity to obtain. We could our..
selves name the parties whose mining project?, now in the
market, have raised them from insolvents to men Of
wealth, and who, had their speculations failed, would have
only been bankrupts two or three months later. We
could also name those houses of the first respectability in
the City, under whose sanction'ipther mining shares arc in
the market, and whose known wealth and integrity, if they
afford no positive guarantee for the success of such ad-
ventures, is at least ample security for their uprightnets.
and prudence in the management of them. But it
obviously does not lie with us, nor with any public
joiiiiSl; to- point out Who, in surlr speculations. may,
or meg . sot be safely trusted. It is not our task
on sorb occasions to range characters to the right
and left ; nor should we, however well warranted
our estimate of them might be, be justified in doing it,
Those who might applaud our discrimination in such
case, must think very ill of our judgment. While the
rage for mining shares is running like wild-fire, anti
thousands, dazzled by the prospect of great and sudden
gain, are risking property which they can ill afford
to lose, and setting the whole earnings of their industry on
the hazard of the die, we feel no concern for the moment,
but to blunt the edge of the mischief, and to warn the in-
considerate, Were it is too late, against thus throwing
their money into the lap of gambling speculators, and
bringing themselves into entharrassment, anti their families,
perhaps, to ruin. At such a moment, we have no time to
class the different schemes, or to apart and separate the
parties under whose patronage they appear. Our remarks
are general, because our (slued is general ; and however
tender we may feel towards the reputation of particular in-
dividuals, we cannot, by going into detail, libel by excep-
tion those persons of whose character we might, deservedly,
be less tenacious. We must leave it to thoso whom our
reasoning and our remarks may concern, to snake thatlap-
plication of them which their own prudence may dictate
and their own safety require.
One thing is certain, that however high the chasacters
may be of those In wham some of those mining projects
have originated, it is not the channel in which small pro-
