CF.RTI FI('ATES--M•a it 21

'James Stnart ItleiltleCn.n 3nd Hiehtint ,hlre-street,
bone and tiptiehiteree,—Se4:pe Steice.,ey.
ahem. Ilnen-rnannOirtnrer—John Cti.ier, I ilingt..n-ereen, baiter —Th ,171A4
afelby nod Henry Hueklnn.l, (,utter-lane, Isee-nianuf.teturert and me,
chants—John Deane. Liontie Conduit-3teet, net, h-tniker—tieorge Croy%
the votive, Chtee-market, hute:.er—W Whim Fawkes. Itedbury.li.:ref.ntl,
lapholder--Franek EI:10on, BOTWlCkwilinet. Sub 3, jevetiler—Oaniue
Sheptuu inntv,lthm—Thunnw Bnriram, Waterier, elakr—
Thome.% W... 11, the ekt,r, t'nlen-str,t, *whir irk, hat-whinfnehteer—
John Wood, Hutlog grocer—Whiur smith, King-street, Scven-dials,
ioter

SCOTCH ARQUFSTItATIONS.
„Ronan? MATWItw, lhindee, tanner; creditor-, to meet In the Sheriff
Coot-room, Forfar, March 11 end 23, at twelve, Crthe first and second
po;fsr, March 21, at twe:re, to elect coat-
riscloners ; trt Mr.siohat Campbell's Inn. Dundee, April 3, at twelve, to
In :tract triirtee.
-Jr, a. Itt A Lyric a, Corpecb, oval. Fortwilliam, re:lend merchant; a
third dividend to be paid, Mag,h 2,4, at Mevirr. Lam-nit and ffeminell's
; and kreiiitori to not In the White /I rrt Inn, Greenock,
Kw (11122, at one, to receive resignation of trustee.
JitaN Midarn Ca am) Co., GI ...-mw, merchant, and nvent., ; creditors
to meet In the Illark Ball Inn, I; lasgow, Minh 4, at We've, to name an
Interim factor; and March 11), at twelve, to'elect a tribttee.
jA II Ilowlr. ,quare, Edlnietrirh. allk.warehonreman ; credi-
tor. to mart In the Sherllf-Clerk's otbee, F.dlnhurgh, Mundt CI and April
3, at two, for the first and second politic examlnati m ; In the Itnyal Ex.
Change Coffee-house, I.:din:Alvah, April 4 and 17, at two, to choose com-
mia•ioners.
tonv J•aotsx, Giofgow, merchant-tailor; creditor' to meet In the
Sheriff-C'-rt's of t/lavow, Mandl i and 21. at one,. fur the notate
; In Mr. A. Illorrlvon'a wrlttort-r arm Vincirda-,trect,
Row. )1 .rah 22 and April 6, at tiro, to nam- crrmml.don.•;., Ate.
'room is .nd•%vim., Edinburgh, merchant,; creditnra
to meet in the Royal Etchante Coffeehouse, Edinhorf,h, March 14, at two,
to di.po-fe of out.tauding dabt,.
0 roans Bow's, it:lateovr, merchant; credliors to maet nt the Mack
Pod Inn, Gllsenw, March 13, at one, to name an interim factor; and
March at one, to elect a trustee.
ItvNTAa and Co., Gla.g ,a-, cloth-merchants ; crechors to meet
In the [flack Roll lan, Glassrow. March% at one, to orate an Interim
(actor, and March 2.1, at on to elect a trustee.
James ',Vitt-JAN.4ns and Son, Edinburgh, grocer' and splrltdealers ;
rediters to meet In the Royal Exchange Colfee.rmim, Eillnblirgh, March
4. at twelve, to name an Interim factor; and March 91.1. at twelve, to meet
a trustee.
JA lags DrittaALL, Glasgow. vpirlt-d.aler and wine-merchant; creditors
to meet In the I.."CeIIM 11001114, tallSrOW, March 3, at one, to name an
Interim &claw; and March 17, at a+m, to elect a immtee.

PAItTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
John Lee and John Crossley, Manchester, cabinet-rankers—William
Barnes and Jac ,b JBCOII4nII, Liverpool, Mali-J(7OCM' and prOVI-. •
dealers—Edward Peirce and Jamea Breaker, Fenchruck-street, carvers
and gliders—Richard and Henry Brown, Lockwood, Vorluddre, shear.
maker —Frederick Rowilnson and Frederick Polhill Kell, Liverpool, at-
torneys and solicitor--John and Thome* Wright, Hlglideld, Yorkshire,
saw and edge-tool.makers—aamael awl samum Wrifhte Barringer, New-
port Paiinel, ;inter--Joseph and George Rankin, Old Jewry, merchants
—Mathew Steel arid David Gleck, Glasgow, woollen-d-spers--John }Jaime
and Thomas Walker, Manchester, morocco leather-asinufacturers—
Jading :iluttram, Joseph Cooper, and Abraham Howe, Shellield, table-
knife and rams-manolo,:turers—John Gray and Benjamin Hann Sim-
er,undt, Shedowne, Dorsetshire, smarms and apothecaries—William
Dunlop and John Harrup, IYuolr,al, Peddieworth, Yorkshire, lime.
dealers and boatmen—John Corte and John cliy, Wishe', Cambridge,
thsler-mercbante—Benjamin Renton, Charles Yates, and Jolt Tapp,
Diarowater, s:.llc.merchauts—Edward and William Borges' Reynolds awl
J,,bo [tenting, Olrmingliant, linen and wooliewdrapers—Charles Green
and Michael Dre Meld Sinter, Devon diire.sepisre, Bi,hopmate•Wreet, wine.
niffeham„ and taitien_Judas Sire. John Vickers and Noels Site, Church-
atteet, Rermnnetwy, vinegar•makers—K.lwavl lakes and And'. Genic
Cam/A.ll, Pimlico, enrgeuns—John NVilsor.Nell and John Church, Willie.
116ne• Maid m lane, and Eagle-street, Red Lluo Area, Frankfurt-black-
maautacturers„

'PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE.

HOUSE OF LORDS, TUESDAY, Fzp. 28.

SLAVERY.
Lord RI:NV.ON presented a petition from Sudbury, praying
for the abolition of slavery.
The Earl of SIIArrESIICRY presented Sillilar.petitiont
eom
New Shoreham and Hellion.
The Affilblooll of YORK preaented a petition from Dodders.
field. praying for the abolition of shivery.
Lord DUDLEY ned WAllle reminded a similar petition from
Wolverhampton. His Lordship observed that he did hot wish
m cnte upon Ray discussion of no embarrassing and delitate 'a
question, but would leave the subject for their Lordships' future
consideration.
BANKING SYSTEM IN SCOTLAND.
The 3larquis of HUNTLEY presnitcl a petition from the
county of Aberdeen. praying their lecerdships not to interfere with
the present system tif banking in Pentland. His Lordship pre-
sented a simpar petition Imo the Advorates of Ediol,urgit ; and
another front the borough of Inverrons to the sot. diem.
The Eitel of SIIA ESIVI'lll" presented a similar petition
from Glasgow.
lewd MELVILLE presented a petition from the bankers,
mach:ins, and traders of the city of Edinburgh against the Small
Notes Bill. His bortlahip also presented a similar petition from the
society of tailors or tile city of Edinburgh.
The Dud of LAIiDERDA LE presented a similar petition from
the borough of Paisley.
FORMS Or THE HOUSE.
The Earl of bAUDERDA LE complained of the manner in
which Bills were paseed 'brooch their several wage.. Many Noble
Lends were rievente I toms attendance f►om want of proper nttiice,
■nd not* hail passed without the knowledge of Noble Lords, who
would have bent onset)! had they known such Villa were before the
Donee. He would therefore, at a future day, move that a Com-
miftee be appoitrerl to remedy the inconvenience.
The hdlowing Bills were read a third time :--The Transfer of
Aids Bill, the West India Clergy Sill, and the 111,000,P001. Ex-
chequer Bills Bill.

CORN LAWS.
The Marpth of CAM PEN presented a petition from certain
landowners and others in if elle, Kent, praying that•thera might
be no klteretinn made in the Corn Laws.
Lord !KIN° hada petition to present against the "job of jobs."
It was from the city of Rochester. The inhabiaants of a Kentish
town arere nature* anxious to have bread as cheap as their neigh-
bourS en the opposite shore. It was said that a repeal of the Corti
Lairs would reduce the price .of corn ; but he could not coincide
in any such opinion. lle wished to hesrot this subject being brought
before Parliament. and to see the hideous deformity of the whole
system eepeeed. The Corn Laws acm grinding the cuminunity
for ti.e benefit of a few.
The End of DA 1l Nurf would put it to the good.nature of the
Noble bard whether the constant nghNtiNt of this delicate subject
could tend to any useful purpose. It was too important to be
made a subject of jesting. and be hoped the Noble Lord would
adopt a different course in future. After the wise resolution of his
Majesty's Ministers to abstain from any discussion of the Corn
Laws for the present, it was to be expected that no toeless
lion of the sul.jert would take place. If however his Noble Friend
did not wish to fet the matter vest. it was in his power to move
dick Lordships to take the subject into their consideration, and
that would be a more desirable course than a perpetual recurrence
to the slime topic. He would attain, in the spirit of good feeling,
put it to bin Noble Friend whether, in the tomtit state of the
ceultry. when a great portion of the community could nut pur-
chase bread. it was prudent to tell the people that the landlords
wished to s acre them ? When the subject came before the Home
their hni dsh i pig would protect the poor as well as the rich. The
remark. which were so frequently made in that House were spread
rapidly through the country by means of the public press, which
was read with avidity by those who unfortunately had nothing to
do hot to read. As the time wee not very dist:int when the whole
system of the Corn Laws should be before their Lordships. he en.
trca'ed his Noble Friend to abstain front making any further re-
marks on the subject until that period.
Lon! KING was disposed to follow the advice of so skilful an
advocate na the Noble Lord is any false in which they entertained
similar opinions; but unfortunately they bad different courses to
pursue ; that which was recommended to him was the very course
which he ought not to pursue. It was his (lord King's) wish to
abolish the Corn Laws, and it was the wish of others to continue
them. It was the policy of those wino thought with him to take
every'opportunity of exhibiting the •) stem ; but it was the policy
of those who thought otherwise to tight tiff al! discussion. Ile saw
no chance of any alteration in the Corn Laws. A Noble Earl had
upon n former occasion accused him of making little harangues ;
but after their Lordships had been jilted twice,-,how could they ex-
pect a discussion unless Ministers were deiven into it by perpetually
alluding to the enbiect ?
The Earl of LA UP 17. RDA LE had a very different Idea of de-
bating from his Noble Friend, and lie begged to remind the Noble
Lord of the inipolky of adopting his oven opinions. When the
Noble lewd was In the habit of attacking the bench of Bishops, he
thought it was debating :he Catholic question when he was at.
tacking the Notle Lord on the Woolsack, he also thought it was
debating ; but he (the Earl of biudeniale) thought very differ.
ently. The same course which his Noble Friend bud thought pro.
pet to adopt upon those necititiors wee again to be tried upon the
Corn Laws, but it must recoil upon himself. At a period oh great
distress, when the country was suffering in itscirculetion, who was
it thst made his tenants pay in gold ? And he would also ask his
Noble Friend to recollect who was the author of the Restriction
Bill. The Noble Lord would do well to recollect those things be.
fore he cast imputations upon others.
The Puke of ATHOL said that he had given way to
the Noble Earl who spoke last, because he could Imo expect to
deliver his sentiments with so much force as their Lordships had
just witnessed. Among the petition's which hid been presented
against the Corn Laws, was one from Perth. upon which occasion
the Noble Lord had taken an opportunity of attacking landlords.
Those petitioners ought to recollect that on a former occasion, when
they were in tilstress, the landlords maintained fifteen hundred of
them, for which they at the time returned a grateful letter of thanks,
but now the cry was that the landlords wished to stave the people.
Lord KING said he would always state the truth. whether agree-
able or not. He had no doubt of the charity of the Noble Duke.
and that it war exercised upon the occasion alluded to; but he
feared very much that the Noble Duke would mom have a similar
opportunity of exercising his benevolence. With respect to the
charge of insisting upon gold in payment of Ina rent, he begged
the Noble Earl (Lauderdale) to look to his left and he would there
see the person who at the period alluded to had declared that gold
and paper were of the same value, and his insisting upon geld was
only for the purpose of putting the ,n,intletnt of that declara-
tion to the test. The Noble Earl had a little overcharged his state-
ment in allusion to the little harangues which were made upon the
Corn Laws; but he (Lord King) would persevere in designating
. .
