GREEK SLAVES.

We communicated to our readers yesterday some infor-
mation relative to the slave trade at Tunis. IVe are happy
to have now to inform them of the successful result of the
mission to Tunis, and of the liberation, in consequence of,
the energetic conduct of our naval officers in the Mediter-
ranean, of some (;reek prisoners taken out of a vetatel bear-,
ing the British flag. We hope that our Government will
turn its attention to the state of the Consular Establish-
ments of the Barbary Powers; for it is evident, so long as
these pirates are allowed, to the disgrace of Europe, to
exist, it is only by seal and integrity of the Consuls at the
iseveral stations, that we can be s:cured against the cart y-
' ing into slavery even of British subjects. By the way, one
great incidental benefit of the establishment of Greek inde-
pendence is, that these piratical States will be annihilated
as pirates, without any interference of ours. The mari-
time activity and skill of the Greeks will prevent these
wretches from pursuing their occupation, to the disturb-
ance of their neighbours.

The following is an extract of a_prirate letter:—
" PORTSMOUTH, PM 3.

" This afternoon arrived his Majesty's ship Medina, of
26 guns, Capt. Hay, with despatches from Tunis, relative
to the interference on the part of our squadron in the Me-
diterranean with the Bey of Tunis, having for ita object
the release of certain Greek and other Christian captives,
which the Bey has thought fit to capture and pat into sla-
very. We understand Captain G. W. Hamiltcn, C.B. of
the Cambrian frigate, a very spirited correct officer (who
had shown touch talent and propriety of conduct at Smyr-
na, &c.), was charged with the remonstrances of our Com-
mander-in-Chief in the Mediterranean on the subject:
having the Euryalua frigate, Captain Clifford, ('.1(1. and
the Medina, Captain Hay, under orders. Cart. Hay got
pratique immediately, and at five o'clock this afternoon he
set of for the Admiralty, with the despatches with which
he is charged. The Medina left Tunis on the •th, and
Gibraltar on the 7th ult.

" Passed through Spithead the Menai, 26, Captain H.
Stewart, for Halifax.
_

" Seven o'rlock.—We have just had a communication
with the Medina. We have obtained the following infor-
mation :

" The squadron made such an imposing appearance, that
the Bey soon found it necessary to give up the Greeks.
The negociation was but short, as ('apt. Hamilton was in-
-Istructed not to parley on the subject. The ships that went
were, the Cambrian, Euryalua, Medusa, Rose, Despatch,
and Aid.

CHARLES THE TWELFTH AND TIIE CZAR PETER.—
The peace of the North was disturbed in the year 1700 by
two men, the most extraordinary that were then in the
world ; one was Czar Peter Alexowitz, Emperor of Russia,
and the other Charles the Twelfth, King of Sweden. Czar
Peter, a man superior to his age or nation by his ge-
nius and surprising labours, became the reformer, or
rather the founder of his empire. Charles the Twelfth,
more magnanimous than the Czar, and yet less serviceable
to his subjects, formed to command armies, but nat. nations,
was the first hero of his age, but died with the character of
a very had king. The desolation which the north under-
went durMg a war of eighteen years owed its rise to the
ambitious politics of the Czar and the Kings of Denmark
and Poland, who wanted to take advantage of the youth
of Charles the Twelfth, to despoil him of part of has do-
minions. But Charles, at the age of sixteen, conquered
them all three. Ile was the terror of the world, and
already esteemed a hero at an age in which other men
have hardly finished their studies. He was for nine years
the most fortunate monarch in the world, aud for nine
more the most unfortunate.

1
NEW CHURCH, KENNINGTON.— Tuesday a meeting
of respectable Householders was held in the district of
Kennington, at which the Rector and the Officers of the
parish were present. The meeting was occasioned by a
circular, inviting the attendance of the inhabitants, stating
that his Majesty's Commissioners for building Churches
did not feel themselves authorised to apply any portion
of the funds placed at their disposal to the purchase of
organs or clocks, and therefore were destitute of the means
of providing any of the new churches of the pariah with
an organ or a clock. Under these cirumstances the meting
was called, to consider whether any, or what atlas should
be taken, for supplying the new church at Kennington
with an organ and a clock, previous to its consecration.
After a discussion on the business, it was agreed that a
subscription should be opened for the purpose, when 3001.
was immediately subscribed by the Gentlemen present, the
estimated sum wanted being 8001. Committees were then
formed, and there is no doubt but the whole of the sum
will be immediately obtained.
INungsr ON Mn. PIERCE, OP BRISTOL—On Monday
afternoon, as soon as the body of this unfortunate gentle-
-111111 was fonni, a Jury was immediately summoned at the
Kounhain Ferry-house, who, after most patiently and at-
tentively investigating the case, returned a verdict of
" Found Drowned." No doubt seems to be entertained
but that the decease came by his death accidentally, as the
following property was found on his person, viz.: a gold
watch, chain and seals ; a gold pencil-case ; two 101. and
three 11. notes; a promissory note for 301., and several
'drafts and letters. From lying in the water so long, the
body press nted a most shocking spectacle, the head being
very much swollen.
CORONER'S INueusr.—An inquest was held at the sign
of the Royal Hospital. Chelsea, before T. Stirling, Esq. Coroner,
on the body of IS Lilian' Ward. aged 84, a pensioner in the Royal
11r:spite], Chelsea, who was w:11 known by the name of " Silly
filly," and as an eccentric character in the above neighbourhood.:
It appeared in evidence, that the deceased, who had served in the
army during the whole of his life, and had rendered himself very
conspicuous during the American war, was received into the
above establishment about seven year% ago, but ever since that
period he had been in a state of debility, and his mind be-
came completely affected. He was frequently in the habit of
getting out of his bed, and destroying the trees, &c. and on various
occasions had absented himself from the hospital fur das together.
On Tuesday morning, at one o'clock, he got out of bed, and after
wrapping himself up in a pair of sheets from oft his bed, went out.
The watchman finding him in this situation, went to procure
assistance, but during his absence the deceased threw himself into
a (anal adjacent to the Hospital, in which he was afterwards found
quite dead. The evidence completely proved the insanity of the
deceased, and the Jury returned a verdict to that effect.
