A BouppNpF SLAVERY.

Mr. BYNG presented a petition from Higglestde, Bedf'ned.
shire, praying for the abolition of ',rpm slavery. The lion. Gen-
ileman presented a similar petition fmapHoeton intim(' to
be laid on the table.
CPR* lAIVR. •

Sir T. LETHDRIDetssid 13 had to pmera a petition from

r

the Committee of an Agricultural Society at Norwich. It was
signet! by four individuals and the Chairman, and might be consi-
dered as coming from a MOM important body. It had been put
into his hands this morning. and was entrusted to him, he was in-
formed, because his views of the measures now before the Howie
.were similar to theirs. 'f he petitioners felt it their duty to express
their sentiments on the measures introduced, because they were im-
pressed with the conviction that they would have material effect on
the Coen Laws. I hie of the grounds of their (objecting to any
change wart. that they were unprepared for it ; hating confided in
31irtisters, who had disclaimed. at the commencement of the Ses-
sion, any intention of altering these laws this year. They had no
objection to relief being given to those who were distressed ; hut
they thteight such relief might to come from those who had bene-
fited by their labours. They did not object, however, to contribute
their fair proportion; it was with having to bear the *hole burden
to whirh they objected. which, they submitted, ought not to
be thrown on them. If the distress had arisen from the high
price nt corn, there might be some reason for refining to it ; but
no one of those who favoured the present meagure ventured to
logien this; on the contrary, they must know that manufactures
were never in a more nourishing enndition than when corn was at a
higher price than at present. The petitioners went on to state, that
not only the manufacturers would benefit by their loss, but the
whole of the community; andothey prayed there might be no altera-
tion made to Termer the introduction of foreign corn more easy
until taxation had been reduced 80 per cent. (Hear, he*.ne
("hr
T. It thbridge) could not perhaps go slang with the petitioners
to the extent of wishing a ISO per cent. reduction, but his opinion
was, that the peoele of this country could not expect to gm bread
as cheap as they did on the Continent, while theistic* of labour
continued what it is. Ile should he glad if bread mild be
got as cheap here as in other countries, hot with the present 62.
penditure that was impossible. The high prices of corn were
not. because the food was high, but because there Wes a high
taxation; the former must follow the latter as unfailingly as
effect lbilowe cause. If the measures now in progress' were
carried, they should have that species of ruinous payment
whirh would cause discontent and misery, similar to that
of n 221. 1822. and 11123; and if the eonmry was aware of their
tendency, the table of the House would be loaded with petitions,
as it had been during that period. Should he have the honour of
sitting in thellouse another nation, and ruinous prices were the re.
suit ref the mamma to which he objected, he should feel himself
obliged to go along with those who proposed every kind of paring
down of the country's establishments.
Mr. BEN ETT said, he would take this opportunity of repeat-
ing that the price of labour bore no proportion to the taxation.
The former haul not risen more than 33 per cent., and the latter
had risen 200 or 300. He repeated it, however, that in the course
of the last 40 years, labour had not increased more than per
cent.; corn had increased 2d per cent.. and taxation from 200 to
300 per cent. (Hear, hear.) Ile was satisfied, therefore, that
when they talked of the high price of labour there was a mistake ;
it formatd a comparatively small part of the expense of our manu-
factured exports. Machinery. trio, had been introduced to such an
extent as to cause a material difference. _

Mr. HEA THCOTE said, seeing the President of the Board of
Trade In his place. he would ask him if he intended bringing for-
ward !demotion relating to the shipping to-night ?
Mr. HIittRISSON (as we •nderstood him) said, the motion,
stood on the ceder-book, but its being brought forward would de-
pend on whether or not the Corn question was disposed of.
After some conversation, which being quite colloquial was in.
audible, hot which we understood eo relit to the expediency of
postponing the discussion of the Cornquestion, the petition was
ordered to be ininttel.
LORD CHARLES SOMERSET.
Mr. BEAUMONT' said he had to present to the House a
petition, widely different from these which had gone before it. but
not of less importance. It was one which reflected on the chime.
ter and conduct of Lord Charles Somerset. Ile regretted it had
not fallen into the hands of one more likely to do h justice than
himself ; but being promised able assistance, be could not have felt
himself justified in neglecting it. It was not his wish, nor was it
the wish of the petitioner, on this occasion to publish to the country
any general charges against his Lordship. The object of the peti-
tioner was npecilic. He prayed that he (Lieutenant-Colonel Bur.
nett) might be examined at the bar of the House. He was formerly
Colonial Secretary at the Cape if Good Hope, and was well ac-
quainted with the condoct of his Lordship, and could give the best
information respecting it. Ile complained that the prpsent Secre-
tary of the Colony had refused him leave to return to the Cape of
Good Hope, for the purpose of collecting evidence td enable him
to substantiate his charges. The charges were laid before the
House on the 16th of last June, and it had been a matter of ques-
tion whether they should not be repeated ; but it was determined
that it was better to avoid this, till they had an opportunity of
showing that th.. 7 were not mere scandal. What he hoped, then,
was, that the Secretary of the Colony would not refuse him per-
mission to return, that he nii4lit be enabled to bring witnesses.
Mr. Bishop Burnett had been banished from the Colony, whether
legally or illegally, whether with justice or injustice, he would not
now inquire. The Hon. Member for Wincltelsea (Mr. Brougham)
had given it as his opinion, that if these charges were true, his
Lordship would be liable to impeachment. He (Mr. Beaumont)
would not weaken that opinion by any comments of his own. The
petitioner then sought to be examined at the bar. lie had refrained
from any detail of the charges, though they could all he satisfee-
torily proved. He felt that he must go temperately and candidly
to the ease, his object being, not to scandalize, hut to obtain jusnee.
He (Mr. Beaumont) should conclude with moving that the petition
be brought up and printed ; and hoping that the petitioner would be
allowed to return to the Cape. he should move that some early
day be appointed for the examination of Colonel Burnett touching
these charges.
Mr. W. HORTON said he had reason to believe the Report of
the Commissioners sent out to the Colony would not be very fa.
towable to the petitioner. He (Mr. W. Horton) could not say he
approved of the administration of the Dutch law, but the Corn.
inissioners were sent to inquire into it. In his opinion, to take the
course proposed would be to impugn the conduct of the Commis.
Sjoberg. Certainly there could be no occasion for the petitioner
being examined, while an inquiry by the Commissioners was taking.
place. As regarded leave being given for the petitioner to return
to the colony, all lie (Mr. Horton) had to say was, that this in.
divisiontl was asked to point out any instance in which the informs.
(ion he desired could not be obtained without his going there, and
this he bad neglected to do. Ile thought, if the House waited till
the Commissioners had sent tin it Report, it would be found that the
llousehael been imposed on by some exaggerated charges being
laid herore it.

Mr. HUME said, early in the Session he inquired of Alinisters
if there was any Report from the Commissioners to lay on the table,
and he was told there was none. The House, last Session, consi-
dered it an act of justice to postpone any inquiry into the charges
against his Lordship until his return. Why had he not returned ?
fie (Mr. flume) thought the delay had been the consequence of
a desire to amid justice. One, two, and three ships, were at
Merest times to have brought him over, but the ships came s th-
out him. This certainly looked as if he wished to avoid coming
forward. Ile (Mr. Hume) complained of the Commissioners, that
that it Wilg just three years since they went, and nothing had yet
been done. He thought this was a good ground for supposing that
they were nut very anxious to forward the objects of those who
vein them. Ile thought it hard the petitioner should be re:used
permission to return ; he was sent away at a moment's notice, and
not allowing him to return, looked like an unwillingness to afford
him an opportunity of establishing his charges—it looked like a
denial of justice. His being denied the means of collecting the ne-
cessary evidence evinced a disposition to shun an inquiry of the
Freatett interest, not only to the tourney, but to his Lordship; for
if he was acquitted he could not stand ct the situation he formerly
did, unless 3lr. Burnett were allowed to get the testimony rapt-
site. He (11r, Hume) thought there had been great unneceliary
delay. It was 12 months since it was said Lord Somerset had leave
to come own, and surely fley were not going to put the inquiry
offer:other year, knowing, as they mast, that the delay would be
ruinous to the petitioner. He hoped the House would adopt such
a course as would enable the cause to be brought forward and
fully decided.

After **few words from Colonel DAVIES,
Mr. W. HORTON explained.
Mr. FYSSHE PALMER said, he understood, when the toes-
non was agitated last year, that an explanation had been given of
the matter, of a character similar to that which was advanced that
night. It was then asserted that the Noble Lord was most anxious
to facilitate every mode of explanation, and to refute the calumnies
which had been uttered against him. Yet, with all the anxiety
which that Noble Lord was stated to feel on the anbjezt, twelve
mouths had elapsed since the period when the assertion was made,
and the noose had not been furnished with the desired opportunity.
They had, indeed, been fold, that the Noble Lord might be els
petted to arrive in a short time, when they might be indulged with
the wishethfor opportunity. Ile could not help thinking, however,
that It leokett very strange that, so such a crisis, the principal wit-
ness should be sent out of the country, when the charges against
the Noble Lord seemed to require his evidence to substantiate
them, lie begged pardon for using the words "sent out," but he
still conceived it very strange that Colonel Bird should be engaged
in any military commission when the Noble Lord an, Laming over.
It was due to the character of the Noble Led that nu imputations
which the absence of that witness would create shouter be allowed
to operate to Itilsprejui!e.

1;ovil E. SOMERSET said it was not the intention of his Noble
Relative to shrink from the fullest ir•.vertigation into his C011(111Ct, as
he was convinced the result would be entirely in his favour. It had
been intimated by some Hon. Gentlemen that the Noble Lord de-
clined coining to this country until the evidence which might be
adduced against him should hate been withdrawn. But the lion.
Member for Reading should consider that it was not altogether
optional with the Noble Lord to come over for the purpose of vin-
dicating hs character, flowerer anxious he might feel for such an
opportunity. The arrangementsof the Colonial Office were to be
consulted, and those had precluded his departure until the arrival
of a substitute. He was thereby necessitated to remain, but private
eccounts which had been received from the Noble Lord expressed
the most ardent wishes to have the whale matter of hie conduct dis.
cursed immediately, and without rescue. Accounts had been re-
cently brought to this country, and from them the arrival of his
Noble Relative might be expected every moment. He had no hesi.
tation in saying, that the charges which should be brought con.
erring the administration of the Noble Lord would be
found unjustifiable. The Honourable Member for Montrose (Mr.
Hume) in his observations on the subject, seemed to have taken
a view of only one side of the justice of the case, when he insisted
on tire propriety of having Colonel Bird examined previously to
his departure, on charges affecting a Noble individual who was ab.,
sent, and thus prevented from the privilege of vindicating his re-
putation. In the opinions which had been advanced in respect to
theadministration of his Noble Relative at the Cape of flood Hone.
Hun. iientlenten who indulged in censures on some points, would

~

THE BRITISH PRESS.

do well to bear In mind that it 111011 not the fault of that Noble Lord
that the laws were not of that English spirit tor which those lion.
Gentlemen contended. He did not mean to offer an opinion whe-
ther the Dutch or the English principle was more correct or suit-
able to the Colony, but he begged to remind the House that the
Governor was bound to administer the law as he found it, and had
not the option of acting on his private 'suggestions in respect to the
superiority of another code. He should repeat the isstirauce which
he Mud already made.of the extreme anxiety of his Noble Helaiive to
afford every inforo.ation which could tend to elucidate the measures
regarding whicfi his conduct had been arraigned.
An Hon. mnt:R. whose name we could not learn, bore testi-
mony to the high character of one of the Commissioners, with whom
he was acquainted, and on whose integrity he could rely. That
genleninn, lie was sure, would " nothing extenuate, nor aught set
down in malice." _ . .

Sir F. BUR I)ETT. in a low tone of voice, observed on the de-
licacy and ASilficulty (as we undoes:nod) of the general charge.
which Might be preferred against the Noble Lord. The only ques-
tion. however. which was then before the House regarded the evi-
deice of Col. Bird. He thought that no objection should he taken
on dist point, and that it would be becoming in his Majesty's li-
nisters to afford all the information which Col. Bird had it in his
power to give, as such a proceeding seemed suited to 'satisfy both
parties.
Mr. W. HORTON was not well aware how Colonel Bird came
to be' implicated in the charge against Lord Charles Somerset.
Yet that Gentleman had been connected with the matter in a way
which appeared to impute blame to the Colonial Department, of
what he did not think they ought to he declaied guilty. The pe-
titiorier was of opinion that be was an aggrieved individual ; but
which the Report of the Commissioners should be received, the
House would be able to form a judgment on the subject from a
more impartial source than any person complaining of his own
grievance could be suspected to be. If Colonel Bird those to leave
the country on his own private &Weirs, however awkward the junc-
ture might he in relation to the projected charges, he could not see
the justice of imputing any blame to Government for the voluntary
act of it genlleman conducting himself according to his discretion,
over which the Government possessed no control.
Mr. BROUGHAM made some observations which we did not
distinctly hear. He appeared to contend, that though Ministers
might be exculpated from any unfair dealing or collusion in respect
to the absence of Colonel Bird, yet that it would be very desirable,
both for-the sake of public justice and of what was due to the-
, character of the Noble Lord himself, that the fullest investigation
of the matter should be entered into, andell the requisites furnished
for the purpose. That was Meanly mode which would give perfect
watisfacttott to the country, whatever might be the result of the
decisidn.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER observed, that
Colonel Bird dill not hold any official situation under the Crown
which could enable Government to command his services it did
therefore appear unreasonable io him that his Majesty's Minis-
ters should he required to furnish an assistance Vhich was out of
the sphere or their operation.
The SPEAKER proceeded to observe on some informtilties
which the petition contained. Some parts of it were of dubious
construction, but one part of it. which affected the pledge of his
Majesty's Ministers, was of a more undisguised nature. It re-
/erred to a promise given by the Colonial Secretary, that the matter
should be inquired into, the non-performance of which had induced
the petitf=r to send a second petition. He had adverted to what
had occurred In that House in the course of a former debate. The
Speaker would ask the House, whether it was not contrary to usage
and the formalities necessary to be observed, that the petitioner
should allude to a debate which had taken place on a former aces-
sion, and that he should then At of the House so get the pledge
of the Under-Secretary of State ratified for his satisfaction ?
Mr. Secretary CANNING bad no objection that the petition
should lie on the table, but the order of the regulations which pre.
•ailed in that Horse did not admit of the adoption of such a pro-
ceteling under the circumstamois of the informalities comprised In
the petition.

Mr. BEAUMONT said, that in consequence of those ruts
of the petition which were in contradiction of the regulations of the
lloure, he hail determined to withdraw his motion.
Mr. H. GURNEY spoke, but in too low a tone to collect the
purport of his observations.
Mr. HUME wished to know whether the whole of the evidence
connected with the subject of hoed Charles Somerset's administra•
thin was included in the Retort of the Commissioners.
Mr. W. HORTON (as we understood) said that the whole of
the evidence on the original points would be furnished.
The motion was then withdrawn.
BRANCH BANK.

In answer to a question from Mr. I'. GRENFELL,
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER replied that a
communication hail been made to Government by the Rank of
Englund, expressive of the intention of that establishment to erect
branch banks in the country.
CORN LAWS.
. . .

On the Order of the I;iinging up the Report on the
Corn Laws being put,
Mr. II EATI!COTE tose and adverted to a petition on the sub.
jact, which expressed tbe opinion ut the numerous and respectable
occupiers of land in Lincolnshire, who were entirely hostile to any
inte•ference with the Corti Laws. It was his intention to oppose
the bringing up of the Report, as he did not conceive the agricul.
tural interest of the country was properly considered in the mea-
sure* which were under contemplation. lie opposed the proposed
mode of the duty, whether it was to be 17 or Ll shillings. The
difference was of no consequence to alleviate the distress of the
people, which the measure professed to relieve, as it must go into
the pockets of speculators, who could be the only persons
to derive benefit from it ; so that the landed interest
would suffer unnecessarily without any advantage to the
manufacturing class. The precedent would also be of a dan.
gerous kind. Besides, he contended that there was no dif.
terence of circumstances to call for the measure at present, rather
than a fortnight ago. The mode proposed seemed to have been
one of those half measures which were never productive of good.
The ground on which its advocates relied for its adoption was the
apprehension of a bad harvest ; but If that fear were realized the
4041,00 quarters would be insufficient to meet the exigency. The
supply would be totally inadequate to remedy the evil by satisfying
the demand. It would only produce an increased call for corn,
but the right mode would be to meet the evil in its proper quarter,
and to enable the manufacturers. by the produce of their work, to
purchase the commodity. It must be in vain to expect a consume.
tion of corn, if the price and duty were reduced tofthe lowest pitch,
unless the people were possessed of means to purchase what they
wanted.

Mr. CALCRAFT wielted to explain that the opposition which
was given to the original proposition on this subject by him, and
those Hon. Members who concurred in his opinion, was removed
with the cause. The obnoxious parts of the proposition had been
removed, when the fixing a ;erica and a duty was left out of the
question. Moreover, there did not appear to him to be any indica-
tion of an intention to meddle with the Corn Laws. His objec-
tions, therefore, were considerably softened down, and he thought
that those Gentlemen who achieved the alteration of the proposition
should be satisfied with the success, and act so moderately as to
assent to the bringing up of the report. The only cause of objec-
tion which still remained on, his mind against the measure was
founded on the consideration that the landed interest was still held
up to the manufacturers as the barrier between them and sub-
sistence, and as the cause of the cessation of their trade. He did
not mean to impute blame to his Majesty's !Birdwell for adopting
the modes of relieving the public distress which had been sug.
gested, but still the effect was of that unpleasant tendency to
produce dissension between the agriculturists and the manufacturers,
when the latter would imply that the relief to themselves was inju-
rious to the former. He wished to be moderate, and though that
result followed, still, as he did not impute blame to Government.
he would accede to the bringing up of the Report. By what he
learned of the feeling of the country, it was supposed that the mea-
sure effecting a repeal of the turn Laws was already carried. A
stop had been put to matters of bargain and sale, and farms ceased
to be taken, aid things had mine to a completestand.still. He was
no advocate of the Corn Laws, and he thought that a protecting
duty was the best mode that could be adopted in the circumstances
of the country. On this point many agreed with him in principle,
but would carry the stale higher titan he supposed the case actually
required. He had no objection to comply for the sake of unanimity.
There appeared to him to exist great delicacy and difficulty with re-
spect to the practical application of the measure under considera-
tion. lie thought that its exercise involved great responsibility,
while it undoubtedly conferred vast power on the Government. The
growers of corn, and the consumers, whb formed the remainder of
the community, would be necessarily dependent on Ministers ; yet
he did not believe that they coveted the possession of such invidious
power, for no line in his senses could desire so serious a responsi.
bility as it conveyed. Be believed that his Majesty's Ministers
were on this poiut in their senses,thounh he had often had occasion to
doubt. (A laugh.) Ile did not quite agree In what had been
said respecting the exertion of that power, which would require
Bill of Indemnity. The tease of Lord Mansfield was not in
point. The opposition of that Noble Lord was dictated by
political pique, and.the refusal to grant a Bill of Indemnity
did not proceed from the Country Gentlemen, who were willing
then, as the same class would be new, if the occasionn re-
quired to pass a Bill of Indemnity, when Ministers had honestly
undertaken to cure an evil, on the contingency of which they cat.
culatcd. Ile did DOS niean to oppose the bringing up of the Re.
port, for he liked that the opinions of the different Members who
were acquainted with the subject should be fully expressed, by
which 00415 much useful information might he elicited. Ile was
sure that their constituents would be pleased that all the Members
should participate in the discussion. Then the Howie would be
better instructed on the subject when the period for the second
reading should occur. Ile begged leave, however, to have it under.
stood that his opinion on the merits of the measure was not com-
mitted or compromised.
Mr. BANKES also profesned himself anxious to know most
fully what was the nature of the proposed measures, and what
would be the probable effects. He therefore thought that the House
would be better informed for the second reading, and agreed in the
propriety of bringing up the Report.
Mr. LEI CESTER made some observations which were in.
audible in the gallery. We could only collect that the Honourable
Member was willing to trust to the discretion of Ministers, provided
that the maximum of duty should be 20s. per quarter. The
Hunourublc Gentleman also said he did not consider that there was
any want of courtesy in the answer which have been given by the
Right Honourable the President of the Board of Trade to the
question which lie lied asked concerning the liberation of bonded
corn.

1C,;r11 BELA RAVE said he hail tried every mode, and ultimately
found it iinpoasible to went to the proposed measures in any way.
a to the liberation of the bonded corn, he thought it would he •
r.rfeet nullity, so far as it was intended to affurtl relief to the ma•

nufacturing
tity would not furnish
re qnan
would not cause
a reduction of the price, for he was not of more than four or five days' consumption, but it
opinion that the price of
might amount to 40.:
• lasses of the community. To look at it in the most
favourable point of view, the entire
the article depende on its value. The one
of which 20s. frequently would be swallowed up by the intermediate
As to the
process of sale between the grower and the consumer.
other branch of the proposition, he conceived it only a modification
of the measure proposed by the Hon. Member for firidgnorth (Mr .
Whitmore). A great fault which attached to the measure was,
that a remedy of the kind recommended encouraged an idea that
the Corn Laws were the cause of the misery which was endured.
He did not like to promote such a delusion. Reenter, lie had been
informed that the agitation of the question had caused on the
horded corn an advance in price of cent. per cent. Ile was strongly
opposed to a roomed for investing Ministers with a power, for the
exercise of which not the Government, but the Parliament, was to
Ise responsible.
Sir JOHN- BRYDGES confetaed, that. on Friday last, he
comedown to the-House to muchensiarrassment, fearing h'e should
be called upon to give a vote, which, if so, must have been one
either against the measure introduced by his Majesty's :dinette's (to
whom he was ever desirous to give his support), or against his ohm
conviction • and this must have been the case, had the proposition,
as first submitted, not been altered, as he considered it an inter-
ference with the principle of the present Corn Laws. But he was
happy to find that the measure, modified es it was, had lost its
sting, and in his mind was not objectionable. However, though it
did not involve in it any alteration of the Corn Laws, it was so
nearly allied to it, that he should take this opportunity of briefly
delivering his sentiments upon the measure. From an expectation
that had for some time existed oi. a revision.of the Corn Laws, and
from its intimate connection with the subject of free trade, which
had been-already adopted to a considerable extent by Parliament,
the question-now before this House cats of the greatest magnitude.
He was-of opinion that the close of an expiring Parliament was not
the tit time to entertain this question. But thinking as he did
upon this subject, It appeared to him that no time was proper;
that the present Corn haws ought not to be disturbed ; oar cons-
metcial system had not undergone any changes that were at va-
riance with the ptovisions of our existing Corn Laws t and,
throughout the regulations for trade and commerce, the perpetuity
of these laws had been presumed. These:lent:sites for a repeal of
the present Corn Laws, and for the substitution of a freetrade in
foreign corn, were of two classes. The first, erroneously supposing
that the increase of nattonal wealth was a consideration paramount
to all others, believed the doctrines of political economy cotnpre.
handed the whole science of government. The second class was
I but a faction, which laid hold of any question, ignorant and
careless of its meths, which appeared 10 afford an opportu.
pity to embarrass the proceedings of -Government. It was
to the former class only lie felt it his duty .to refer. The
insistence of political economy in the deliberations of a Statesman
was highly tiaeul ; but in these it ought not to have a sole and '
paramount authority ; if so, it would endanger its character as a
science.- The economists themselves asserted that a free trade
must be had ; that the aid of the agriculturists was not required:
that the poor soils ought to be put out of cultivation ; that the soil
in general might as well become a desert, because the commercialists
could supply. bread cheaper than the agriculturists could grow it.
But it might fairly be asked, how were the famishieg millions de.
pendeot upon agriculture to be employed :1 What would avail the
cheapness of bread, when no money was forthcoming to purchase
It ? To apply the principles of science which regulate the laws for
making and using national wealth to the question of the Corn
Laws, was assuming that the riches of the nation were the only
objects of importance ? He asked, was not the moral character
and habits of the people of great consideration ? And was the
loom and the anvil wholly to be esteemed in exclu-ion of the
plough ? Was the hardy peasant of no importance to his country ?
Ile had read Mr. Jacob's Report, which confirmed rather than re-
moved his fear, that if our lions were thrown open for the imports.
tion of foreign grain, it would be the death-blow to agriculture,
and finally the death-blow to our happy. Constitution, which, under
the present system, had for so many generations been the wonder
and admiration of the world. We then. indeed might deserve the
appellation of a nation of shopkeepers, which the late Emperor of
France in derision had cast upon us. In conclusion, he implored
Parliament to. consider with deliberation what they were about,
and to recollect, that if by their measures they should enrich one
class at the expense of another, they were not distributing even-
handed justice ; let it be remembered too, that Ireland in particular
claimed their attention, and that, the depression of agriculture
would be peculiarly baneful to that part of the empire. He would
only add his earnest hope, and he should cherish the idea, that no
Parliament of this country would ever consent to sacrifice the
staple.interest of this great empire, its agriculture, err the altar of
national avarice.
Mr. HOLME SUMNER felt that the Ministers would have re-
quired a stronger case than they have yet made out before they
could be justified in proposing any alteration in the
Corn Laws
They should have had a much stronger case than any supplied by
the cilium in the manufacturing districts before they resolved to
comedown with their present proposition, atter stating on the 18th
of April that they were opposed to any alteration in the Corn Laws.
Upon the faith of that resolution many of the Irish Members had
gene home, and, as had been just observed, the Members for that
warty, *ere deeply interested in the proposed measures. The
quest on was one of so great moment, that .it should not have
been brought forward without a call of the House. He
thought the country had good reascaa to complain of the man-
ner in which Ministers had brough: forward• the measure.
Proposing such a measure as a relief for the distress which
prevailed in the manufacturing districts, was giving the misguided
manufacturers the authority of Government in support of the opi-
nion that their distress was caused by the high price of corn, and
was connected with the Corn haws. The Right lion. Gentleman's
(Mr. Canning's) first proposition, was for the unlimiteciadmission
of foreign corn. He had since, however, modified his proposal,
and limited the admission of foreign corn to 506,000 quarters, be-
sides the 300,0(1) quarters which were to be let out of bond, The
prospect of 300.000 quarters being let out of bond had already
affected the price, and how much more powerful would the effect
be when 500,000 quarters were admitted ? 500,000 quarters was a
greater quantity than had ever been admitted in one year. In the
year ending the 20th of February, 1819, 150,200 quarters were
imported, which affected the market for throe years, and brought
on that crisis of agricultural distress which prevailed In 18'20 and
11121. (Hear.) Notwithstanding all these objections, however,
he would be disposed to accede to the proposition, if there were any
real grounds for expecting a scarcity ; but, from all the informs-
don he could collect, he formed the opinion that the supply in the
country was sufficient, and ea= corn would continue to be sold at a
moderate price--at such a price as would scarcely afford a fair re-
muneration to the agriculturalist. He did not know whether he
should have any one to divide with him, but he should certainly
oppose bringing up the Report. The measure was so objection- ,
able that he should feel it his duty to give it all the opposition in
his power.
Mr. STANLEY feared that the harsh manner in which the pro-
posed measures were opposed by the landed interest would produce
the most injurious effects. He had spent the last fortnight in the
disturbed districts, and had the fullest opportunity of observing
the situation of the suffering classes. He was sorry to say that a
greet proportion of the looms were idle, and those employed, after
working fifteen hours a day, could earn no more than from bs. to
61. rid. a week. Ile had beheld that class, with-a patience which
was astonishing, starving on a single meal of oatmeal a day, and
with a pride which was really creditable, and which he thought
uanddrolwnessincogoolomenss,
was extinct, preferring this to applying to the parish for relief.
a.turitraidestwbss
,eu measure
d wished, withe morelcolmi
(Hear.) Having witnessed all this, perhaps he came to the discus-
eedf
alwarmth,tnlyi like
ion
ray of light which
of
fTotheecnatrcthiPt ausanted7
;teemed likely to pierce the gloomy prospect which he was endea-
vouring to describe. At the same time lie was not acting under the
impression that the present measure was a remedy fur the present
distress. it could be nothing more than a temporary and partial
alleviation of that distress. It was well known in the country that
the proposed measure was not calculated to influence the distress to
any great extent. The good effects of the measure he felt would
be partial ; but he anxiously hoped it would be received as a proof
that the House and the agricultural hatertst were not backward in
doing all within their power to alleviate the distress. lit this way
it would produce a feeling of conciliation towards the Government
and the House. He thought there was no reason for the alarms of
the landed interest, and should consider that he had not done his
duty if he refused his assent to tfte proposed measures upon r.ice
scruples. •

Colonel WOOD thought the sentimeets of the last Speaker
(Mr. Staniey ) highly creditable to his feelitiles (near) ; at the same
time hisopinion was, that any substamial slter,tion of the Corn
Laws would tend rather to aggravate than to mitigate the distress.
The interests of the
.agricuiturists and tuailufecturers were inse-
parable.(hear); and, in his opinion, a gond home market was the
best escape for the manufacturers. As to the proposed measure,
he thought it would be much less objectionable it Government
were empowered to open the ports by an Order of Council, when
the price rose to Os.: all inconventencewmild then be obviated,
as the ports would remain open for three months, until the average'
were-again 'truck. lie was a friend to the Corn Laws as they now
stood ; yet he hoped his lion. Friend (Mr. li. Simmer) would not
persist in his intention of bringing up the Repent. When the
measure was brought into Committee in the form of a Bill, he
trusted a price would be inserted to which corn must rise before
the 500,140 quarter's were admitted.
A MEMBER, whose nt.me we did not learn, raid a few words
in reply to an observation which he understood Mr. Secretary Peel
to have matte in the last debate on this question. Though deci.
dirtily hostile to any alteration in time Coin Laws, he hoped the
lion. Member for Surrey would not press a division.
Mr. Secretary PEEL rose to explain. The Hon. Gentleman
had misunderstood, as he (Mr. Peel) had offered po opinion as to
what the price should be, when it might be advistble to admit fo-
reign corn. In fact, he entertained no opinion on that point, and
had carefully guarded against giving any thing like on opinion.
He had merely observed that 7lis. and Ms was considered as the
tilaximion price, but that under the present laws corn may be for
three months at 100 s. before the ports couhl open, aad that this
was a reason for investing Government with the discretion.
The Hon. 111 EMBER expreesed himself perfectly satisfied
with theexplatiation of the Right Hon. Secretary.
Sir !MATTHEW W. RIDLI would vote for bringing up
the Report, without pledging himself to support the Bill, if he
found it contained anything injurious to the landed interest. In
his opinion anything that injured the agricultural interest would
injure all other interests, and nooe more than the manufacturing
interest. He hoped it would be understood by the sufferers that
their distress was not attributable to the high price of corn, nor
was it connected with the Curn Laws. the best protection for
agriculture, he thought, was the free admission of foreign corn at a
protecting duty. But without entering ou that subject he felt it

was moat material that his Majeety's Government sh :hey bed not proposed the prowl( measures under m
that a *amity was probable. He had received letterstheout7d
pdTecisteiri:
ehvoewnttirielou.neavneirm, in
had altrheaedmy Oporionvnedtlimine
i‘wch'erieri;:
persona,eh nenwar a scarcity of corn. He feared that thetsepttin-e—
-ii7nenfoon
sr
nin, to
ne informed
of r s u
anus, and on that ground he regretted that Ministers had brought
forward the measure at such a ,lore.
Mr. FRANKLANG LEWIS gave his full, cordial, and
aitatit.g
support to the proposed measure. He assured.
that he had no other imerest. tour nu other nine) of the
--
what u &need from the landed interest. Yet he did
not a(&
Lut
disinterested technic:. when he gave the present mesourshis uetttane,7 lified support, ter he ems ientiously believed that the measure was not fraught with any injitry to the agricultural interest.
e;
to the utility of the manure, it could not be denied that if the d ',-
named could lie supplied with corn at a lower price than the '.
at yresent, the measure would he found a successful and yuswel palliative. Ile was convinced the measure could do no harm, ue"
it was found necessary to import a large quantity of corn, a
f",
quantity of manufactured goods woulu be exported in reutrn, whbe;,'
would afford that employment for which the manufacturers
s.
now famishing. The present miestion was altogether sepvm,"
from that of the Corn Laws ; it was a case of ementeney,,4
Parlitenent was called upon to .In all in its power to alleviate
intolerable dieiress. the
Mr. JONES believed that bringing in 4 or 500.000 quartet s
corn into the market would certainly be a great benefit to the die. tressed population of the manufacturing distlicte. ft was IQ
thin measure was a limited one, and that it only went to empower
Minioers to introduce a certain quantity of corn. Now, it ap
phnd
that MOM* quarters Was all the corn that could be got, and „4,1 t
was the quantity which his Majate's Ministers demanded to hare
a right to introduce. lie would not designate this measure as g
side wind attempt to get rid of the Corn Laws, but he thous;
that an idea might be raised in the minds of the people of
'
country that the 12a. duty now proposed to be affixed as them
testing duty would be hereafter considered sufficient. He haven.;
trusted the country Gentlemen of this House would perceive that
such a sum was not a sufficiently protecting duty. Lnder all the
circumstances, reserving to himself the right of expresd-g
(Orion when the Bill eliould go into a Committee, he certainly ed
nut intend to oppose bringing op the report. He considered aler,
would be a great responsibility incuned by those who should
port this Ball. and he lamented that any such measure should bail
been proposed.
Al r. .1011 N SMITH wished to state the grounds upon elide,
was induced to vote in support of the measure intended to be r%
posed by his Majesty's Minister. for the adoption of this/Imo.
It appeared to him, that if his Majesty's Government had, In the
present distressed state of the country, suffered tine prorogation if
Perlfament to take place without having proposed some such
sure as the one now contemplated, they would have intoned are,
sponsibility of the most grave and serious kind. He would en
allude more particularly, at present, to the distressed state of the
manufacturing districts, than to observe, that those who rowed
generally about the prices of corn, were bound, in consistency, to
. take into their view the condition of the•agriculturiets. Be could
put a case which might possibly happen, and which he was Jas,
titled, under the circumstances, in putting to the House. The
case be would put was this. Corn had been rising in ptice Ise
certain time past t the average of the price would be found to be
higher fora short period now just past than cur some tint. before.
Assuming that to be true, he would just ask the Bout,
supposing a dissolution of Parliament should be determined
upon, how it was possible to leave society with the cm.
tingency of having rheas) or dear bread upon the chance
of a good or a bad hareem taking place? And whether th 7
considered the country wax prepared to meet that case which mien
occur should the ensuing harvest fail ? There would then be to
distinction of interests in the country ; all distinction would rube
in such a state of things. He therefore felt he was doing his dal
in giving his support to this measure. Without troubling himself
by inqutriag whether his Majesty's 31inisters ought not to bare
examined into this important question st a considerably esdiet
period of the Session, he seeing, as he thought he saw,anernerpn-y
which might occur, was bound, according to his views of eon.
sisteney and common sees,, to give them his support; because be
could easily imagine such disastrous circumstances might ensue as
to require the exercise of an extraordinary power on the part of he
Alinjesty's Government. Some Hon. Gentlemen had said dimities
was no chance of a scarcity occurring in this country. No newt vu
more acceptable to his (31r. Smith's) ears than such a declaration;
but, unfortunately for this country, he knew not the grounds upon
which Gentlemen formed their opinion. Government certainly
had the best means of obtaining information upon that subject.
Ile knew not what that information might be—be nested it
was not unfavoureble; but he must contend that if
niatera felt the least doubt upon the subject, and had any
reason to apprehend that corn could not be raised In the
country sufficient to meet the demands of home consumption,
it would be a gross abandonment of their duty if they molded to
meet it by some measure of the kind now contemplated. He was
not one of those who was in the habit of placing any particular de.
gree of confidence in his Majesty's Government, but. he must de.
clare that he, for one, preferred the measure which was originally
p oposed to the present, because, by the former, they put
themselves under a moat serious testae nsibility ; but in lie sureite
of the power Cc:be given, he felt assured that their disposition sued
not be to injure an any degree the agriculturist, which was the
grew leading interest of this country. It might happen that the
quantity of corn which the proposition. as now modified. west to
authorise his Majesty's Ministers to throw into the market, trite
be insufficient. In that case be knew no measure that could be
taken by Government for the benefit of the people lei:bout a viols.
ton of the law which indeed might be done with the reliance that
Parliament would indemnify them. He hoped that no darget
whatever would result from the abandonmeut of the former wore
extended measure, anti that the one now proposed, such as it was,
would be sufficient to prevent any mischief to be apprehended from
a scarcity of corn. He gave his vote in support of this question
full and entire confidence that in doing so he was coneulting the
best interests of this country. Ile trusted that his Majesty's Go-
vernment would proceed in the liberal course theyhad chalked out
for themselves, in their doing which he had the greatest confidence;
and in return he thought he could assure them that they wend
finally have the thanks and gratitude of the nation.
Mr. A. BA RING observed, that if he could only set what wet
the course that Government had chalked out for themselves, he
perhaps might be induced to agree, as his Hon. Friend (Mr. J.
Smith) did, in the measure now proposed by them. But it was the
entire obscurity of what it was they wete chalking out to them.
selves, and the difficulty he experienced in ascertaining what tiny
were about, and what they meant, that constituted his principal
ground of objection to their measure. Without attaching soy very
great importance to the present stage of this Bill, he certainly
could not help saying, that the whole proceedings of his Majesty s
Government was to him as unsatisfactory upon this subject, artery
proceedings whatever could possibly be. One leading argument
which had been used on the present occasion, had arisen from rn•
tlemen variously influenced on this most important question—be
referred to the great agricultural interest in the House. One Limn
Gentleman who had spoke on the subject, seemed to think that the
great value of these proceedings arose from the intention of Govern-
ment to have the price of food in their own hands, for the purpose
of adapting it to circumstances. That indeed seemed to be the
mein argument. They addressed themselves to thellouse emoting
in language to this effect :—Dangerous tumults and convulsions
arise in one part of the country and the other front the distreseni
condition of the people, and in this state of things it is incumbent
on Parliament to arm Government with the power of shaping
price of corn so as to meet those cirenmsetnees. Now, he week'
assert that this •was not only a most mischievous and s most false
mode of proceeding for any Government to adopt; but he weed
contend, that if there was any one tinware which was likely to
produce those convulsions and tumults more than another, it was
such a shaping and changing of prises. lie had. from the time the
question of the Corn Laws was first introduced into Parliament,
invariably expressed himself adverse to the present system. Be wee
convinced that the extent of protection to the corn grower was fixed
much too high, and that the mode in which it was affordtd
was open to every objection. That opinion he continued act hold:
therefore.any observations that he should make would not be made
from a desire to support the Corn Laws, but it would be because he
objected to leaving in the hands of Government a power which he
thought would be dangerous, and also from a conviction that not s
day shoutd be lust by Parliament in putting the country, ar regarded
the price of corn, permamntly and solidly upon some general loth
ing. There were some objections made last year to the Muse
going into this question, which were sufficiently uatisfactory to
many Honourable Gentlemen for postponing its consideration. std
now came some further objections this year to the subject being
considered; and the consequence of all this was, that the counter,
from one end of it to the other, were in a state of uncertainty bow
to act ; neither the consumer, the grower, nor the dealer, knew
what was to be the permanent price of torn : all that they
knew was, that it was to depend on the will of his Majesty;
Ministers. Now this lie was strongly inclined to ehjeet.
against, for he was compelled to ray that the conduct of
Ministers, throughout the recent commercial distresses, had
been of a description not calculsted to increase his coefidence u to
the judic ous manner in which they would exercise the great loser
now required to be entrusted to them. He thought the ON
country would agree with him, that the great original maw shy
they did not get over that condition of distress, which arose front
over-trading last year—hut when Lo spoke of over. trading be wished
to correct himself, for he could scarcely call it so; lie would rather.
say that foolish, wild mania for epecuteCon, which seised upon all
cLiases(hear)—the reason, he repeated, why this state of thinp bad
not been overcome, was that his Majesty's Ministers bad set about
effecting a remedy in the most imprudent and injudiaious manner.
They began by touching the currency (hear, bear.) wl en they
'Mould not have done so till the ferment was past, and a more 0101
state of things had succeeded. (Hear. hear.) Had they done this,
the House would not have been left next to retrace their steps with
respect to one pound notes. But in opposition to that, his Majesty's
Ministers Caine dowu to Parliament, and, as every person in the
country now perfectly believed, aggravated the distress by the
measure they proposed. (Hear. hear.) They derroyed the credit
of the country tuition and thereby knocked up the little capital
which every trader had. The distress did not origin for want of a
market ; there had not been any drug of goods ; it had all oriai•
nated entirely in a want of confidence and want of capital it had
consisted entirely in the want of the ordinary credit between men
and man. without which no trade could be carried on, and in the ob.
structimi of which there must in such acountry as this be great mi-
sery. Thesole reason why the ahipdid not right itself, and why the
difficulties of the country had lasted now so much longer than ever
they did on any former occasion of distress, was that measure
which had touched the currency, which was applying a cure that
was worse titan the disease itself. This very Government corn,:
down to Pst.iateent, the state of things being the same as at pre.

I

P.—rise in the price of corn having taken place, with.
sent, no rice of the t ffectiveness of the present system,
anti, upon a question being put to
out arlie-r the other :
ore °I. • I tared any intention 'of touching the Corn
Owl d"
teem. eutommently, • mob
inn created sonic disturbances
U.. 5 fitturiag districts, and Manchester and other parts,
In the led by had committed open violation ; and
the reefei goaded
e ini a panic (hear, hear), these same Ministers now
Wunedis.,„„,,e -tU'meet that particular grievance by this measure. But
Pr°l—A eel, which prevailed had existed for months before ; the
lb' io the state of things now and at the opening of
coif n the circumstance of inumbordination. The Go-
parliament was
earne down one ilay,and in the most positive terms declare,
refitment-
duo they weft not going e to make any alteration in the Corn Laws :
ea I s few days after they In emu this Bill. And, adverting again
to
the arm" question' he wouild what
which
they done with it
Allthose tine-un t (emus. of they had heard so
efts ill tu
informed, .
.s.h. had. if he was rightly emnited in the recommends.
neon rn-e a cum, !move that in ling! mod they should have no IL
in Ireland, ;hey 'Medd have none less than 3!. notes, and
ys land, none leis than et note.. (Hear, hen.) That had been
the result of all their laboured attempts respecting the currency.
He was not, therefore, prepared to trust the greet commercial regu.
lotions of this countre. especially the regulations of the price of
fed. in the bawls of such a Government. however great might
hehiy respect for the characters of those who competed it. when
they exhibited themselves before the Hitersupon these practical
pests, so evidently indecisive an vacillating. But
sty, of all things in the world, sat at rest your trade in corn.
From the present uncertainty the greatest possible contusion had
atiwft aa fanner nor landlord could set a rent; and as long as
seP' i esternained unsettled in the country, no person knew what his
sere' o• was worth. If any person esked him what really beas! m'
;eau; upon as his property in his land, for the purpose of making
any family arrangements, he Amid, he most sincerely declared it,
be at a loss to make ap his mind upon it, an the value of it would
depend upon • legtslative measure. It behoved them, then, to look
at the subject carefullyourentively, and seriously ; but by all mewls
to settle it, and not to let it be brought up from year to your, as had
been done during the present Parliament, to be legislated upon as
casualties occurred. For the interests of all, both agriculturist, and
manufacturers, it was necessary to have one steady, constant, unl.
form system. One word upon the ohjemions made as to the parti-
cular period for settling the question. He believed, if the ltouse
sows tespidge by what had fallen from Site agricultural gentlemen
hi this House, that he never saw a time when they seemed to be more
rea able,nor when he should be mote anxious to go into a Commit-
tee with them on the subject. He hail not. with the exception of one
()silent Colonel (Wood) who thought the Corn Laws were quite as
they should be. beard any thing extravagant in the remarks which
had been made by the agricultural gentlemen ; they all appeared to
think the present system objeetioneble. He, therefore, never saw
Parliament in a state more likely to settle the question than at
the present moment. In the first place, it seemed to be the gene.
ral feeling and opinion that open ports with a protecting duty was
the best system to be adopted. No person had euggerted any
other mode. The only difficulty, then, would be as to the amount
of duty. Although he was inimical to the present Corn Laws, lie
was not at all an to a considerable degree of protection : and
although be was willing to give such a duty as should insure a fair
price, yet after all, this must in same degree be a measure of expe-
riment. He would wish that the duty should be nornething not
under lin, and not more than las. That would about protect the
grower in a price between Us. and 601 ; but this was not a point
of sufficient certainty to depend on without a trial. This, how.
ever, would be the degree of protection he thought it desirable to
aim at. This, them. was the only question for theta. consideration ;
nor did he want to .go into a Committee upon all the bearings oldie
subject again, which would be useless; and why they should not
been, by trying this Session the open trade with a duty, he was
rally at a loss to conceive. In the early part of the Session, the
question of the currency was stated as a difficulty in the way ; be.
cause it was desirous of introducing a large quantity of gold
into the country. It was then said that if the importation of cam
were to take plannit would act against the wish to obtain gold. But
that objection could be too longer urged ; because the very circum-
stance of letting out the bonded corn from the warehouses, would
occasion other corn to be imported to fill them up again, which it
war. desirable should happen, and the importers would replace it
with so much the greater confidence now that the secret was out,
anti known to all the coot-dealers in Germany, which was, that
this country could not grow sufficient corn for its own consumption.
Last year, a little before harvest, there was all importation of
etteente quarters, while this country had a very fine harvest ; and
Yet In the lace of these circumstances there were certain apprehen.
shins, though not amounting to alarm, of a scarcity. The secret,
therefore, being known, of our incapacity to grow sufficient for
home consumption, the agriculturists of England had no other
alternative than this, either to fix a permanent price by Par.
liament, or to le..ve the measure open to agitation from
year to year. Thus the whole argument as to the danger of import-
rag corn, because it war wanted to import gold. ceased. There was
another advantage in having the question permanently settled in
the present year, which was this. Any person on reading Sir.
Jacob's report would see (though by the way, he could not help ob-
serving that, if he were going to inquire into the natere of that re.
poet, he could not ray that the question was fairly argued, co that he
pLced eery great reliance upon it. but this was evident), that the
supply that could be at present sent to this country from the Con.
tinett was not very great. Ile, however, differed entirely from Me.
Jacob as to the supply that could eventually be sent to us. At
present the corn growers on the Continent knew there was no
market for it, and therefore did not grow an excess of corn.
Thu, was 'circumstance under which he should like to begin the
experiment of admitting corn at a protecting duty ; for if it hap-
pened that they should "Mix a duty too low in the present year, the
Continental dealeri would not have such a supply as to inundate the
British market. But in the first year they would put in their seed,
and if the regulation of the corn trade should be postponed to next
Session, there would be an accumulation of imported corn that
might materially affect the English farmer. As respected the cur-
tenet of the country, then, there was no difficulty of taking up the
question now; with respect to the state of the quantity of corn on
the Continent there was no objection, and the disposition of the
agricultural body wan favourable to the measure. His bumble ad-
vice, therefore, would be, that instead of the present measure, to go
into the question, settle it, and have done with it. He telt that
every Gentleman connected with the que.tion must see that done it
must be. He would defy any person, who should apply his tea-
sun to the subject, to say that this country was not in the predict.
fluent oh" absolutely requiring an alteration in the Corn Laws, and
that as much for the benefit of the agricultural as any other class of
pemons. Let the present Report then he brought up, and let it go
beck into the Committee, with instructions to inquire into the pre.
sent state of die Corn Laws. (Hear.) If the present ineffectual
menets should be carried, it would occasion corn to be imported
in large quantities, instead of a steady, qualified, and moderate
shape: the consequences of which would be much more injurious to
the home-grower than the consumer, and nobody would be able to
foresee the sudden changes in price that would be continually oc-
curring. He could not, however, see any reason tor fixing the
shut on the corn to be imported at 12s. Ile had heard no reason
for 14 except that 12e. was taken once before as the num. When
the Bill should go into a Committee, he should propose that
fifteen abillines should be the sum, because he did not like
to send forth to the public a duty that must be too low. If they
took Its., he was quits sere they would have corn imported just as
arena and just as cheap. The only difference would be; that instead
of English dealers getting an intermediate profit, it would go into
the pockets of the foreigners. If they were to fix the duty at 255.
he believed corn would be imported. Upon the present occasion,
however, he should object in every shape to Parliament giving up
. such an important part of their duty ; and delegating their powers
of legislating upon this all-commanding question into the
hands of his Majesty's Government, whom he in his judgment
conceived had, in all the great questions affecting the distressed
sue of the country, conducted themselves with great mismanage.
mein from theyeey commencement of the Session. (Hear, bear.)
Mr. C. WILSON entirely concurred In the reasons which had
been assigned by his Majesty's Ministers, for the adoption of the
present measure, which should receive his cordial support.
Mr. W. WHITMORE:, being loudly called for, rose, but, from
the position in which he stood, we lost many of his observations.
He did not intend to cutter into the question at present, having al-
ready lately addressed the House so largely upon the subject, which
he conceived to be of the greatest possible importance to this
cowry. He had, it was true. failed in his attempt to carry that
measure, which, sooner or later, must, he was convinced, be set-
tled and the sooner it were so, the better. There were considers-
tilos alluded to by due Hon. Member foe Brecon (Colonel Wood)
which hr felt were of considerable moment. He thought with the
Gallant Colonel, that a regulated scale of duty would be adviseable,
and, had he succeeded in his late motion, he should have proposed
Site such measure; so that when the price of corn was low,
the duty should be increased, and when it was high, there should
be r proportionate reduction of the duty. Ile could not help feel-
ing with the Hon. Aleuther for Taunton (Mr. A. Baring) that the
principal act now under consideration; namely, the delegating to
Government the power of legislation, without any duty been lope.
efied. and without check or control, was calculated to produce very
considerable effects upon the agricultural hatreds of this country ;
tot that he apprehended his Majesty's Ministers would abuse the
very great poser they now claimed ; but he was afraid that the know.
ledge alone that that power was possessed by them would be attended
with very considerable effects. If one a panic should get abroad
among the class to •hom he alluded, be meant the ferment, who pos-
sessed but little information on the subject, he dreaded the cone.
.quences, more es_pecially since they had hut just emerged front their
late &stresses The experience of that period would show that they
zdrecapable of being seized with a panic, and if so they might be
gad to hurry and rush into market, to prevent, as they would
entente, the recurrence of those evils from which they had but re-
cently been relieved. Ile was sure the House would lament any
"ellresnit. He had been alluded to as the advocate fur the im-
mediate alteration of the Corn Views. True he wan, and if he had
succeeded in his larger and more extended measure, he should have
Proposed a much lower rate of duty than that thought necessary
by the Hon. Member for Taunton (Mr. A. Baring); at the same
time requiring a proportionate increase, as he had before observed.
This gradation of duty was recommended by the late Sir. Ricardo,
sem said it was desirable that they should begin with high duties
and proceed to lower. He (Mr. Whitmore) conceived it was per-
fectily consistent, on his part, to look at the measure now proposetl
w very considerable alaroi, giving, as it did, a power which he
tie I
-meek ought not, except under circumstances of very imperious
necessity, to be placed in the hands of tiovernmenr. It was there-
fore that he was ready to support the Hon. hlember for Brecon,
rod al:m the Hon. Member fur Lyndhurst, If they should persevere
urging their objections; because lie thought the establishment
if such a principle as was proposed by them would not be attended
with at' ,y inconvenient result,.
Mr. IRVING perfectly agreed with his lion. Friend who firs?

addressed the Holm, as to the impolicy of the measure before the
Howse, hut he could not approve of the conduct of the Honourable
Gentleman who first agitated the question of the Con) Laws. No
lire of conduct csiuld have been more calculated to exene alarm.
After gising notice early in the Session, the lion. Member had
deferred the discussion from time to time; he afterwards brought
it on, after he knew the opinions of his Majesty's Ministers on the
subject. and although aware of the ill consequences of premature
discussion; and then, alter the question, at his instigation, had
undergone an imperfect discussion, and was pomporoal, what was
the conduct of the Hon. Member? Ile was not satisfied, but gave
notice that he would bring forward the subject nest Session, soil if
he should not then succeed, that he would bring it forward year
after year. This war a line of conduct which could be productive
of nothing but mischief. But he (31r. Irving), rose particularly for
the purpose of making a few rentarka on the speech of Ms Hon.
Friend, the Member fur Taunton : with regard to the present cala-
mitous distress, he perfectly agreed with him that itwas to
be attributed partly to the inconatatit Ind vacillating princi-
ples of Government. He did not think his 31ajesty'a Ministers
were free from blame, who, while observing the state of thing*
last November and December, had taken no steps in con-
segnence, nor did they endeavour by any means to prevent
the ills resulting from over-speculation. Subsegoently too, iii their
attempt% to regulate the currency. they effected ism sudden, great.
aid rapid a restriction. It was his opinion,—an opinion which he
offered with great humility—although he thought that he ought to
know something on the subject ; but his opinion decidedly was,
that it his Majesty's Ministers had allowed the ship to right itself,
she would by this time have resumed her wonted course. (Hear.)
That measure only tended to precipitate the calamity. But on the
other hand, he doubted much whether the opinion of his lion.
Friend was the opinion of the House ; if he understood the latter
opinion, it was that the House was well satisfied with the prin-
ciples of the Corn Laws as they now stood. (Hear, hear,
hear.) The country was found adequate to supply its own
consumption ; no grain had been imported sines 1819, and
the price of grain had fluctuated less than that of any other
article. All that perhaps did not square with certain systems of
philosophy ; it did not square, perhaps, with the opinions of Edln.
burgh metaphysicians or reviewers ; but such scheme,' of philo-
wiphy were only to be admitted when they did not practically
interfere *Mb the benefit of the public. lie ( 31r. Irving) would not
oppose a modification of the Corn Laws, but he would candidly
profits.' to be a friend to the principles of the Corn Laws as they
now stood ; and perhaps the House would be willing to hear his
reasons for coming to that conclusion. He found, from all the
Reports on this subject, even from Mr. Jacobs—to whose facts,
however, he was no convert, although he highly respected that
gentleman's character, and was sorry to be obliged to dissent from
him—hut he found from those Reports, that in the Oen countries
of Europe the rent of land varied from Is. 3d. to fid. per acre : he
found that their peasantry were remarkably poor; that they lived
wholly on vegetable food, especially rye bread ; and that they were
clothed in rags ; their soil, at the same time, was capable
of great production, and of supporting a great population.. He
found again that the population of this country had more wants
than that of any other, and he hoped that they would continue to
have more wants, because with such an excitement they would con-
tinue to be more industrious and virtuous; but he could not con-
, ceive how we could carry on any competition with countries so cir-
commenced. No duty of twenty shillings, nor even higher than
that, could afford any protection to the agriculture of England. His
Hon. Friend, the /limber for Taunton, in another part of his
speech, had proposed a duty of fifteen shillings, by way of experi-
ment, but nothing appeared to him worse titan that shifting system
of legislation, the very nature of which was to vary from day to day.
With (regard to the motion before the House, he should feel great
reluctance to refuse his support to Ministers, but there was another
mode which might be adopted, and which he would offer to the
House. His Hon. Friend, the President of the Board of Trade,
had stated, that if a scarcity were to occur, a period of three months.
or three weeks after the average of 00s., might elapse before the
ports could be opened, according to the present reguiations. But
he (Mr. Irving) would propose an alteration should be made by
a short Act, stating that on and after the passing of that Act the
ports should be open whenever the price of wheat reached 70s. per
quarter, without reference to any period of time. Such an altera-
tion in the Corn haws would, he was convinced, prove sufficient to
do away. with all their inconvenience, and if it were adopted, he
hoped it would prevent the Hon. Member for Bridgnorth making
a motion on the subject next Session.
Mt. WHITMORE and Mr. BARING both explained.
3lr. HUSK ISSON commenced by observing that whenever his
Honourable Friend (the Member for Bramberi should bring for.
ward a motion for the modification of the Corn Laws, calculated to
conciliate the House, he (Mr. Iluakisson) should feel it his duty, on
behalf of his Majesty's Government, to entertain the measure with
fairness and impartiality. But with regard to his Honourable
Friend (the Member for Taunton), he thought the Honourable
hirnuber might have already perceived that by his occasional ab-
sence from the Hrtio,e, he had been much in arrest of what had oc-
curred in that 'loose: when the Hon. Member said that there
was no person in the House who was not dissatisfied with the prin.
ciple of the Corn Laws, be watt evidently much mieinfortned.
Again, the Honourable Member had said that for the last six of
seven years corn had never risen in price, but he forgot that daring
the last six weets corn had risen, in the face of general depression
of prices, from 514. to 60s. std. He was supdsed that the informa-
tion of the Hon. Member was in this instatice so much less accurate
than usual. In the same way his lion. Friend had stated that no rea-
son had been rossignedwhy the duty on bonded corn should be fixed
at 12s. He (Mr. Iluskisson) did not wish to detain the House by
repeating what had been stated on a previous day, when, in answer
to a question put by die Member fax Wiltshire,his Right lion.
Friend had given a reason for the adoption of that duty in which
the whole House concurred. Xis Right Honourable mend hal
stated, that in legislating on this subject it was not the intention
of Ministers to alter the Corn Laws ; they therefore left the duty
as it was fixed by the present laws. But in listening to the criticism
made by the Member for Dumber, on the speech of the Member
for Taunton, he had heard, not without surprise, that those lion.
Members thought that this measure ought not to left uncertain, as
likely to leave unfixed the rent of land. lie was surprised to find
that persons who ought to be acquainted with the state of affairs
could entertain the notion that the rent of land would be effected
by the legislation on this subject. Among the many erroneous and
exaggerated opinions entertained on this subject, there was no
error so great as that of supposing that prices could be materially
affected by the present legislation. When, therefore, his
Honourable Friend, the Member far Taunton, said that a duty
ought to be permanently fixed of fifteen or eighteen shillings,
and that we ought to feel our war, so its to modify according as we
might be inclined by the experience of a year—when the lion.
Gentleman quarrelled with the measures brought forward by 31i-
nisters, and proposed others which he called simple, although they
appeared to him (Mr. fluskisson) the most difficult possible,
measures in which all were to agree within and out of doors, and
by which every man might pay his rent, he was sure that if the
Hon. Gentleman entertained such Utopian speculations, the only
issue of his plans would be discomfiture and disappoint-
ment. He (Mr. iluskisson) did not intend to follow all the
arguments on the state of the currency, and the measures
which had been taken by Ministers for its regulation; but he
slid not know how any blame attached to Government for the
embarramments arising out of excessive credit, when that
credit was shaken by a fall in priers, when fifty or sixty banks had
failed ; he did not know how Government could In that case in.
terfcre to restore credit. If it were answered, that they ought to
have resorted to a restriction in cash payments, he would uuhesi.
tatingly say, that he did not think such a step would have been
advisable; but when his Hon. Friend should bring forward his
budget on the misconduct of Ministers, he would enter more fully
Into those topics. Bait with reference to the question before the
House, suggestions of every kind had been made relative to the dis-
tress of the country. lie was most surprised, however, at the Hon.
Member for Bridgnorth, who, although the discussion of the Corn
Laws originated with himself, affected to apprehend alarms from the
present measure, and from the great and sudden depression of price
arising from it. But the Hon. Member might remember that he had
also, on another occataon, stated another ground of alamo--that of a
deficiency acorn next year. Some thought that Ministers would create
an alarm by speaking of a deficient harvest, and others thought that
pion would immediately fall in conoquence of the present
manures. But, if there was a deficiency, it was evident there
would be a rise of prices; if, on the other hand, there should be a
redundancy of corn, there would llx a corresponding fall in the
markets; but both alarms could not possibly co-exist. It appeared
to him, therefore, that his Hon. Friend, in urging both alarms
against 31inimers, MU blowing hot and cold at the same time. He
hoped that the two effects would counteract each other, but the whole
amount of the bonded corn, which was only 3()0,000 qrs., could nut'
have any material effect on the market. He had stated lastyear. under
circumstances somewhat similar, that, the effect on the market by a
much larger quaotity was next to nothing. But he understood that
with some the ground of davit was the 500,000 quarters which
were to be loin:slued during the next six months; but he thought
it had been repeatedly stated that this was a mecsure of confidence,
to be acted on according to circumstances, and by which they were
not called on to act, unless called on by necessity. Oa that point
only the question rested. Ministers came down to ask for a mea-
sure of confidence, when one proposed a limitation of quantity,
another objected to every proposed duty because it might be made
a standard of duty, and another was afraid of standard of price.
But the quantity of 500,000 qrs. was assumed merely because it ap.
peered reasonable and likely to suffice; but if it proved insufficient
it would be necessary to have recourse to new measures. That
quantity also, of 500.000 quarters, was all that could at present be
found in the porta of the Baltic. That quantity, it was true, was
varying from day to day, and the small circle from which we drew
would increase from day to day in proportion to the demand,
but no man could say that circumstances might not arise of such a
character as would make it advisable now to be prepared against
contingencies. Gentltmen might remember the harvest of 1810;
the harvest of that year was remarkably deficient, as well as of bad
quality, yet the ports in that to it could not be opened till Novem-
ber. owing to the Com Laws, when wheat had risen to above 1205.,
and although there had been an assurance, or rather an absolute
certainty in the preceding August of a defective harvest, such were the
inconveniences then felt, and he was sure the House would readily
adopt measures now calculated to meet similar evils. Ile was
aware of all the inconvenience of such temporary legislation, parti-
cularly in matters relating to commerce, but he thought it was
proved to demonstration that they could not allow the Corn Laws to
goon at present in their full operation; they could nor permit, In the
present state of the country, that there might be a possibility of
corn remaining at a high price above eighty shillings, during six-
teen or eighteen weeks, without any chalice of relief to the country.
Ministers were hound by circumstances, and in the present case
the bars possibility of such a misfortune.—:hough he prayed it
Haight not take place—but the bare possibility wasasufllcient ftllloll
why inessurea should be taken to arrest such a terrible calsa

mitt'). After the forcible appeal to the feelings and the judgment
or the House, made by the Hoe. Member for:Stockbridge, who spoke
early in the discusainti, and who bore testimony to the denim per.
veiling the population of Lancisehire—after that statement, the
eloquence of which was aided by the high station and character
of the individual from whom it came—it would be uniteceaanry to
urge to the !louse, that this is a crisis when the adoption of such
precautionary measures becomes an Imperative duty. But if he
were asked why, after the tepee of.three weeks, he hail returned to
the discussion of that question, he would answer by asking, why it
had been discussed last Session? In fact, they had come to the
discussion under very different circumstance.. Be was averse
to the agitation of the general question of the Corn 611•11, but it
would be obvious to every one who thought Os the subject, that if
'they permitted the Session to pass without letting out the bonded
corn, they would be guilty of great remissnetis. The corn would
he spoiled, and the warehouses would be occupied to little pur-
pose. Ile wished to adopt stach measures as would allow all classes
both &mien and mantitacturers, to cultivate mutual good feeling.
He agreed with the Member ter Boston. that the discussion of the
general question ought to be deferred till it might he coolly and
impartially considered, which world be impossible at the present
juncture; but those who were inclined to concur with the Member
for Taunton, to refer the whole rustler to a Committee to consider
tfie question, would not, he thought, take the best method to allay
the excited feelings of the country. ( Hear-)
Sir B. KNATCHBULL was willing to admit that he thought
the Member fur Taunton had put the question on au unfair ground.
31inistera were not actuated, lie believed, by fear, but by a sense of
duty ; but he was obliged to allow on the other hand, that he was
surprised that Government had been guilty of the impolicy of
introducing the measure at this piriod. The Hon. Baronet con.
eluded by stating, that if the House sbeuld agree to the report, It
would still he his duty to divide spinet the Bill.
31 r. Secretary CANNING assured the Hon. Baronet (Sir E.
Knatchboll), that he had listened to his opposition to the particular
measure before the House, as well as to that of the general prin-
ciple, without feeling any sonow at the course he hail taken; he
haul candidly and fairly stated his opinion. and he did hope that lie
would give his Majesty's Government credit for doing their duty
conscientiously, however mistaken they might appear to him to be
in the course they had thought proper to adopt. In his (31r. Can.
fling's) opinion, a great part of that night's debate had been beside
the question. end lie would therefore state what, in his (Mr.
Secretary Canning'a) opinion,. was the real practical question.
The real practical question was, that there existed a law for
the regUlation of the trade in corn, which was passed under
particular circumstances, and which, having been puma] under
these particular circumstances at one time, could not justify
it as applying to every circumstance that might arise; but
which law since its enactment had never had it, extreme power
brought into operation. He wes very far from presuming to
give any opinion, and was very anxious that no opinion
might be inferred as to whether they were in the same state of
things as when the law was enacted, or as to whether the law could
go, in the ordinary state of things, into full operation without the
greatest inconvenience to the country. At that moment the state of
things was directly contrary to that in which they were when the
law was enacted, and wholly contrary to that which was assumed as
the principle of that law. The proof was that without calling upon
any Gentleman for a continued opposition, and without pubitslung
it provoeatingly to Honourable Gentlemen, he moat say, that there
was not one man who had spoken against the motion, who had
remitted to say that the extreme provision of the law, as it stood,
cculd be carried into effect without provocation and alarm. lie
presumed that was admitted even upon the proposition of his Hon.
Friend, if he might be permitted so to call him (Sir E. Koski).
bull), or of that of his Hon. Friend the Member let Surrey (Mr.
Sumner), He would say, that if it was admitted that the law, as it
now stood, however good in itself,howeverjust in its origin, or how.
ever adapted for one state of the country, if it could not be brought
about without apprehension and alarm, it made it the duty of the Go-
vernment to persevere in that line of duty in which they must run
against the prejudices, but not pgainst tthe reasons, of those who
wished the law to reman unaltered. There were two waysand two
means which Government might adept, as appertaining to the
question. They might proceed to make an alteration in the law,
as recommended by the lion. Gentleman the Member for Taun-
ton(Mr. Baring); or they might devise some mode of suspend.
ing its operation where it could not be strictly applied. Those be.
ing the modes to choose, it became a question of choke with his
Majesty's Government whether they should do it at their own din.
cretion or under that of Parliament. He hoped he had stated the
question fairy. If there was a Gentleman who would stand
up and maintain broadly and boldly that the Corn Laws
might go into extreme operation in the present mate of the
country, then between that Gentleman and him ( 31r. Secretary
Canning) there was a fair question at issue, and he became a fair
and honourable antagonist, and such an antagonist would be at
liberty to say that the case of legislation before the House was
vicious, and ought to be opposed. If' that challenge was not taken
up. then he must consider that prejudice, and not remit, operated
as he had shoed. The Honourable Member for Brecon
(Colonel Wood) came nearest to the proposition that the
law ought not to be altered, but even he did not say
that it ought not to be altered, for he was for admitting
corn at a certain price. And even he had risen his price since lost
night. (A laugh) He had advanced as., which made the nearest
approach to the proposition of the extrentitrof theleve that any man
could maintain, and yet it was, pro hoe vice, acknowledging that
alteration was necessary. The Honourable Member complained
that he (Mr. Canning) had acceded to his proposition of Oa.; but
Ise must say that his objection was not to pnce. His objection, on
consideration, was not es to price but as to principle, that principle
taking price as its criterion. He suppotted the Hon. Gentleman
would :all his offer a conciliating compromise. (A laugh.) It was,
however, a proposition that would be vicious in practice, and he
denied having said any thing about price at all. The Honourable
Member bad reprobated h iin (Mr. Canning) for inconsistency,
because when sixty-five was proposed as the basis he did
not accept seventy-five.' lie had bad the honour of receiving
a letter that morning by the post from the Hon. Aleonber (Colonel
Wood), wherein he stated that he thought he (Mr. Canning)
would come into the proposition of seventy shillings as the natural
price, and that would cure all the evil.--(A laugh.)--lie (Mr.
Canning) did not place much reliance on the Hon. ,M ember's re-
collection, whatever he might do on his reflection. He supposed
the Hon. Gentleman, having been out of town, and having looked
over his grounds, farms, and granaries, thought seventy would do
better than sixty-five ; but he had not said how it was that when
he (Mt. Canning) had offered the price, the lion. Member had not
taken it. The lion. Member was the only one that said the law
could remain unaltered. The Hon. Gentleman, the Member for
Bramber (Mr. Irving), also differed in some alight degree
from the former proposal, for he admitted there was an exi.
gency, and to meet it there must be some alteration ; though both
the llonourable Members were for maintaining the law. The
Honourable Member was anxious for letting out the bonded
corn, while another was for admitting corn at a certain price; but
no one had stood upon the general principle, that the measure as it
stood was a right one; that man would have been a fair antagonist.
The Hon. Members, however, had said the exigency must be met ;
they admitted that proposition, and that could only be done by the
alteration or suspension of the Corn Laws. The lion. Member for
Surrey (51r.Sunitier) had admitted it; not hot he would have corn.
batted it if he could ; and the Hon. Member for Brecon (Colonel
Wood), and the lion. Member for Kent (Sir Edward Knatchbull),
and for Bromine (Mr. Irving), admitted the exigency in some
form or other. The question was, whether that exigency should be
met by suspension or alteration. The Hon. Members admitted
the exigency ; and if they did so, why did they not agree to the
remedy (Hear, hear), in order that the law might be prevented
from coining into operation. Whatever might be imputed to his
Majesty's Government in regard to the motives which actuated
them on the present occasion, lie would say that, if he described
the measure they had proposed, shortly, it would be a bill for the
protection of the landed interest. He did not, however, wish to go
into all the question anti arguments upon it, because it would be en-
citing-feelings and discussing topics better to be avoided. He would
take the Honourable Member for Brecon (Colonel Wood), as his,
" comparitor " (a laugh), in order to show the necessity of' alters.
Lion, and the same motives which induced that llonourable
.Member to fall from cos. to 70a.—the same moon induced
trim (Mr. Canning) to wish he had found some plan, harm-
less as to the law, but powerful as to preventing its operation.
Looking back to the debates on the Corn Laws, he found
that it had been suggested, that if exigericies should arise, Go.
vernment should have the. power to prevent the increase of price
by opening the pons; but he also found that the Govern-
ment had rejected the proposition. Ile would ask, could there
be a more cautious proceeding than the one proposed, less grasping,
in its nature, when carried under the sanction of an Act of Parlia.
fitment ? Here was a law which, if brought into full operation in
the particular State of the country, would occasion a considerable
increase of otitichief ; and to go into a complete alteration of it in
the present state of the country, when such a prejudice existed
against it, would be most unfavourable to discussion ; therefore it
was that he wished to intelporse something to mitigate the evil ;
and his Majesty's Government wished in attaining that object, to
pursue their road through Parliament, rather than through that of
the Royal Prerogative, and he appealed with confidence to the
wisdom of Parliament to attain that object.
Colonel NVOOD and Mr. H. SU 3INER explained.
Lord MILTON rose to ask ri question, but did not wish to have
an answer. (A laugh.) Ile wished to know whether there was
not some other measure that might not meet the present exigency;
he merely put the question, but did not wish an answer until some
future occasion. . _

- - -
pee The gallery was then cleared, for a division, when there ap-
red—
Ayes . . 185 Noes . . 53
Majority in favour of the Reaolution - 127
• .

_rite in raroo. o. _
On our re-admission into the gallery, we found
Mr. RA RING moving that the Revolution should he recommit.
ted, in order that the question might be more fully discussed, as,
under the then situation of the Continent from the small quantity
of corn in fortign ports. it would be the best tinie for going into an
alteration of the Corn I.aws.
Lord MILTON seconded the motion, and said that the present
WWI as good an opportunity as any other for the alteration, the pre-
sent condition of the Corn Laws being only calculated 'or fair weather.
Mr. secretary CANNING reminded the house that, if the pro.
position was agreed to, it would involve the I louse in the revision
of the whole question. He thought it would be most inconvenient
and operose in its operation ; and he thought the opportunity most
inconvenient, and unfavourable to the landed community, whose
interests his Majesty's Government were accused of abandoning.
The question was then loudly called fur, and the gallery was
cleared tor a division, when there appeared—
For Mr. liating's Amendment. 61 1 Against it, 167.
Majority against the Anientiment,lll6.
The original motion was then put and carried.

KING'S THEATRE.

Tills EVENING will be perforated Vaguelll's Opera Saris, In
Two Act., enttdr4
ROMEO E GIELIEITA.
The principal Charactert by Madame Pasta, Madame Caradorl, Madame
De Mizell, signor Dead, Signor Porto.
After the Opera the ntw Mythological Ballet of
LA NAISS4NCE DE VENUS.
*.* No Order will be admitted, and the Free Litt N sumsnded.
A new Ballet is la rehearsal, as well as Meyer's Opera of Medea, nod that
by Rossini, entitled L'Attrellano la Palloire.

• .' x - '
lit
i 4r: fiArrar,-,'",,, •447-:::*„....C.'7,.... ~..; 4. I-
-,' it. •• --1"--' --:::'
At. •- ..r• ..
,471, '?,
. ' • 1.,.... ••• •
..itt

Fite tiregso.
