I _

• weAte furn.thed wax 3 mod., of cor.uus articles,
ohm% vitt appear immedrately dtat the close of the Session.

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LONDON„
MONDAY, Jul r 21.

Mr.. SHAW, the Messenger, arrived yesterday
morning at Mr. FOZ'S Office in Downing-street with
Dispatches from the Court of St. Petersburgh. Be
was ten days at sea, and only nine hours on his
journey from Harwich to London. A Cabinet
Council, we understand, will sit upon the
Dis-
patches this day.
We believe Mr. BAIILICO still remains in town ;
but it is not improbable, that dispatches may have
been sent to France by another Messenger.—The
Funds, on Saturday, were in an improved state.
We repeat again, that Sicily is the present point of
difficulty in the negotiation ; our Government re-
fusing to acknowledge it as part of the dominions of
' the new King of Ms rigs.

Estra& of a latter from HUH, dated July 17,1806 :
"The arrival last night of the ships 4&o'i and
Hunter, folly confirms the rumour that prevailed
some days ago, of two enemy's frigates being at
Greenland; an harpooner, belonging to the "Mess,
boarded an Hamborgher, on the '27th June, who
said, he bad seen two Dutch 44 gun frigate:, and
had been twice very near to one of them ; he further
said, that the preceding day, he went on board a
Blown ship, the Master of which said, he had been
411, board one of the frigates, the Officers were
Fiona and Dutchmen. and that he saw 18 sail of
English ships lying near the frigates, as if captured.
Cept.itoss, of the Ifseter„reports, that he saw the
Old.dienehester, in company with form ships, on the

27th June, about a mile from .one of the frigates
the ships were scaling, andbad then boats out, but
made a signal for all their boats to return to the
ships, which were taken onboard ; the ships hoisted
top gallant sails, and stood into the ice, appagently
as though they had intelligence of the frigates being
en enemy, the frigates then tacked, and run along-
side of the Dingwall, of London, and captured her ;
the three and the Howler, left the Ice on the 29th
June, and on the 11th July, ,met the Thames frigate
and.two aloops, in latt464. who said they had got
Capt. Si:W.2l'e affidavit of the above circumstance,
and were going to .Greenland in pursuit .of the
enemy."
The whole of the India fleet are now safely =-
Awed in the Downs. Saturday, all the Pursers
reached the India Rouse, with their dispatches and
papers. During their passage, the following sin-
gular circumstance occurred :
A French 10 gen frigate was discovered in the
body of the fleet when off the Cape of Good Hope.
She did not appear:to be acquainted with her si..ua-
tion. Captain Ossoas, in the Tremendout, bore
down upon her, and considering her an easy
conquest,sbe tfid not fire s shot, or open her lower
ports, until became within hail of the frigate, who
immediately got under the stern of the Tremondou,,
opened a broadside, and wounded the rigging, so
as to put it out of her power ,to prosecute the
chace. The frigate got clear off without any da-
mage. 'The iCheelette Indianan afterwards pur-
sued her. The Tromendeasswas near enough to dis-
cover the name of thefrigate; she is called Le Ca.
"mint ; sbe sailed originally from France with ,
the.raleareire and out Bow APART'S'. squadron.
No lives were lost in the the Treuendass. When
LaCononiort got to a cetwonient distance, and found
that the Tremendous was in no condition to put sue
her, she fireda single gun by way of bravado. It
was the general opinion at St. Helena, that Jumble
BeaMAassi squadron had it ine to the East Ist-
dies.

The For frigate arrived at Bombay in lebruaty
last. from the iiland of Bait, where she had been
naively employed against the Pirates, and had suc-
ceeded in making them restore the goods and ves-
sels which they had roomed during the•last season.
Capt. Douce had stationed a part of she Com-
pany', marine, so as to blockade Bait, PritUtroo,
Goomtee, and Arahntro, and all the piratical inlets,
dining the fair 'mum. In consequence of this ob-
jet being attained, the trails to Guterat was ea-
petted to becnme ,very great, particularly in the
goods exported by the.East.l Oh& COMplity. IA ikeir
settlement of Amboy.

id our subsequent edemas we-have glom a fall
report of the raw of GUI War reeler Messrs. Lona.
Ht a. r, Rees. and Os as a, argued in the Coon
of Chancery oa Saturday last, and sbeiLaser
Crua-
CILLOIOI jUs.lOllllll. &Crwting CO ae.liaailea eight in
the Plaintiff to publish the tf.al of Viscount Mat-
sit ta, a which Tit Unitise Pooh is caravan,
with every no..spaper in Europe. has long since
tree ; rlstt. Ater tLe coututy has igooe to die

elpenee q 5,0001. t, At up aceonsmndation: for the
public in Westminster Hall, to tear Viscount
,NlELvit.Les trial, it must strike them with not a
liulesurptiee, to be told slat the immense popula-
tion who were present. may report the proceedings,
VS WI yore, wherever they go ; but that none,
esrept a particular favoured individual, shall
presume to publish it %I print. Upon this
ground we questioned the 'wisdom or necessity
of the order, prohibiting the partial publication Of
' the Trial, from day to day, during its progress ; but
1 what were the arguments upon which that prohibi-
tion
twaso thfeoupnudreed:d
mNI:
tetisat reartei otnel dofth)autstiitcwe,astknaetcenso-
partial account should be given, and that the charge
and defence, the bane and antidote, should go out to
the world together. This order, suspending the
publication during the progress of the Trial, is a di,.
text avowal and tacit permission of its publication
after the Trial. lithe House of Lords And Lord
ERS4INE thought a report from a common pen
vrould be literary poison, and that a report by Mr.
Guacrev, at a perscn specially gifted, was the
only infallible nostrum against error and misrepre-
sentation, theorder in the first instance should hare
been absolute in favour of that Gentleman, and
other persons would not have been amused with the
expedition that every man was at liberty to publish
the•trial as soon as it was over. We admit that the
Lords have a right to appoint a short.-hand writer
of their awn, to report any trial that comes before
them us their judicial capacity ; but we deny that
such appointment supersedes the right of any other
individual who chooses to undertake that task at the
risque of punishment for error, or misrepresents.
don. By such appointment, the Lords do every
thing necessary to substantial justice. 'The report
' authorised and sanflioned by them will be con-
sidered the only authentic report, and we do know
that is the present case this was the opinion of
many printers and publishers, who declined to pub-
lish a report of it on that ground, and not from
any apprehension that they were not at liberty to
do so, if they thought fit to enter the lists in com-
petition with such odds against them. By provid-
ing an authentic report, the charafter of the Lords,
and the interest of the parties are sufficiently pro-
teßed ; but, by contending for an exclusive right,
the liberty of the press, and the privileges of the
subjeit, are impaired. The right claimed in the
case of Lord Mat-vit.t.r. if it exist at all, must
exist in every other case that comes judicially
before the Lords. and if they can limit the
publication of their proceedings to an individual,
they have it in their power to entirely suppress them.
—The ,case being circulated through the world, al-
ready, to a greater extent, perhaps, than any that
has occurred for a century, this proceeding comes
too late as a measure of justice to the parties. The
lvalue of the right to the House of Lards, and the
profit on the sale to Mr. Gustier, are now all that
remain to be secured. The value that the Lords
' set upon the tight can only be judged by their prac- .
toce. .Every man who has visited the House of
.Lords must have perceived the .difference of their
condua in their legislative and their judicial capa-
city. In their legislativz capacity, a stranger dare
not take a pinch from his snuff.box, or read the back
of a letter, lest be should subject himself to the sus-
picion of taking notes. The golden fruit, in the
garden of the Hesperides, was not watched with
more vigilance than the door-keepers of the
House of Lords watch every word that drops from
the lips of a Peer, and take care that the windfall
shall not .find its way into the note-book of a Re-
porter. But the moment the House resumes its ju-
dical funeions, the scene is changed. The space
below the bar resembles a Scrivener's shop. Every
man who chutes, takes out his pen and ink, and
writes a this ease. in face or the House. lf, then,
the House of Lords, as a Court of Justice, has a
right so interfere in one case, it has a right to inter-
fere in every case, and if it possess such right, so
does the Court of King's Bench. tbe.Court of Com-
ego meas. and every other Court of Justice in the
Flom t but that, we believe, will act be con-
tended .for. A time was, indeed, when Courts of
theca prevented their proceedings from going
dinned ; but few will be inclined to bring us back to
tie ignorance. darkness. and despotism of that
period. So moth then for the right of the Lords.
No new comet° 'Mr. Q 's proics.---A more
etrepearable, or a sore competent person for the
apse, we admit, Lord Eisele@ could not bare
Amen ; hot let us see what strong claims be pos-
sesses to as exclusive right .to publith the trial.—
Had Mr. .GviviaT hem eneentraged by Lord
Easter to undertake this labour in contemplation
of the great profit which be should derive from an
exclusive sale.; and hod Messrs. Love*** and
others rare in fn a share, he might with jetties.
complain of oitsetlnpers ; but that os not the lA.-,
Mr. Grai.av is paith cot his trouble by the public.:
amply and liberally. exclusive of vay profit acereiesp i
from the Arils of she 18.-.11. it's ' Mr* dill dal

bear a high .price, are betieve, three guineas
a price which many who buy Messrs. Lots ~....110,Jf
report would not encounter. 4 Roman tyrant
thought he kept his salsjeßs sufficiently in the dark,
by proninlgating hie laws its A eel 'small print, •
and posted too high to be legible be a;t ordinary
eye. The mass of the public would know notbinz
of this great cause, in which their interes:e are*
deeply involved, if they had no source but the co,.
luminous work of Mr. Guarcy. The importance
of the subjc&, and our good wishes for Gnrera_
meat, will induce us to revert freqergtly to 04
question. The present Ministry was formed if
public opinion, backed by the public press; the
Newspapers were loud in its praise, save a few,
and even they threvi out hints to shew, that thi
only wanted a little court and attention. It
scarcely, however, in adivity, when prael:tioler, iV
a certain Court of Justice assumed a temper ant
tone unfriendly to the public press; and notice
given in the House of Commons of a b&, eskrch, if
prosecuted and passed, would have reduced it to
state of abjeft slavery. Some of the. Prints hcv,:e
to the Minister, have not hesitated to as:en,
that these attacks are encourage/ ;by the :oar
and temper of Governsnent, and represent ./.4
Minister as hostile to the liberties of the pre*
—,They express their doubts and feare•-,
Whether it be the fault and glimpse Af.nemiess,
Or whether that the body public be .
A hotse, whereon the Governor dolt tide,
Who, newly in the seat, that it May know
lie can command, lets it straight feel the spur ;v
We trust that the Minister will disappoint the ma:
lice of his enemies, and the wolfish views of pkc:
tended friends, by continuing to evince in power
the same regard which be professed when out qf
power, for the liberty of the Press. What it slicithli
be perfehly purged of slander and calumny, is rxtt
to be expected ;but, with the exception ef some fesr
infamous and malicious publications, respeditipg,
certain delicate and important case, the Press pas
never .conducted with more Propriety, and freat
from licantibuilesy, ,than it is at the presca-.
moment.
The Hamburgh Mail of the Bth arrived yeatet-
day. We have also received Letters and Paper's
from that City to the 12th instant, the substance 4
which is given in a preceding column. It appear"
that the Austrians have been, at length. pat into
possession of Cattaro, preparatory to its surrender tp
the French, in manner and form prescribed by 'Boar
N AAAAA E.
serrieweenosemimetwo
Mr. Fox, we atot happy to say. was much letter
yesterday. The reports of his being in an alarmiqc
state, have originated in the mat brutal malice.
Yesterday morning. Sir E. Mittman:rote ar wed
at Mr. WINDHAM'S Office, from Ceylon ; he like-
wise brought dispatches for the Doke of Yo eF
Accounts from Ceylon, by the lately arrive!!
fleet, mention, that Leuac -ILaccuasi a, the Atli-
gar, who attacked the English in the neighbourhos
of Columbo, during the truce, had fallen into dis-
grace with the Knits, who, after confining him fat
three months, erderedhim to be publicly executed.
Mr. HANCOCK, an Extra-messenger. is undg
orders for Vienna with dispatches.
Baton JAcoat has at length received orders tp
leave this country. His furniture, etc. is now 04-
ping, and he is expeccted to take his departure Abe*
the latter end ef next week.
The VC/tient, A Spanish privateer, from Montt.
video, in the River La Plata, mounting 30 guiti
(IS and 32 pounders). was .eaptured on .the 7t;'•
May by His Manytv's ship idoliser. The priva-
teer had been out thirty-three days. but had r.c.
taken any thing.
By letters brought by the Bengal ships, we !nog.
that the late disturbances among the refrafloV
Chiefs on the coast of Sumatra had subsided,; ors.
of the ringleadershad been. secured and sent to Bel-
coolen.
The ,Cothatiee. Toots, from Dublin. forjamOviliat
is captured and carried into L.a Gnira.
C taptain Ga r r ITRS is appninted to the Topirse.l`;
38 grins, and is succeeded us the Coititattre trigatit
of 24 guns, by that meritorious officer, Capt. ALL?
artnse Ssuntisesum Beatowits. Captain ,13itt-
mown is a native of Cavan. and cousin of Mt.
S•ulioaasox, one of the Representatives of chit:
county.
Letters, dated the 10th instant. have been t='
ceived in town, from the squadron a iinciteto,:,.
It comprised, on that day, the Crita,,r, Prima f
Wider, Comperror, Achilles Illimarek, Pelypeew#ol,ll:
Pallas, hukfatigaik, Ark, Rapli, and Pilrhadi 411
well. The enemy 'a fleirt.in Basque Roads.consisll
of five sail of the line, five frigates, and three Isqt,..
besides a new ship of Su guns, lately !snitched, Aittl
fitting for sea.
It is rumoured. that the troops. who are to 141
from Ramsgate. towards the close of the week. AD
to be employed on an enterprise in the neighhoia•
bond of our own coast. Other reports send One
with the expedition preparing at Puttsitiouth,,W
the Mediterraneau.
Letters by Saturday's post from lb. Coast mitt
Lion, that (slams has lately been d`,Od
homahvirde avr
erntlers on that station. It appe.srs. that
Commodore Owen was clamming some vet
which had ran within the French shore, be *as
on from Calais; on which it is added, be sent
Gag of truce, declaring that he had been resirs
by considerations of humanity. from Breg Cltilt
town ; but that should they persist in their want/
attempts to annoy him. he then!d be competed
retaltate..••A letter firms Dover observe., that R"
molting answer having been. retornsd. the ComPO
Ire oednsd two gun-brigs to play upon, he
..w eight hours, and that a great part 01
.Yra'S•
COCNIVIESCE reduced Sc
