SPRING AND LANGAN.

SHERIFF'S COPT, Dusux, Jux: t.

INDIA.

SCARCITY AT MADRAS.

It has been supposed by many that the cause of theme
candidates for the championship fighting on a boarded
stage, has been a complaint of foul play on the part of
Langan. There certainly is less apprehension of inter-
ference or interruption by the crowd in that 'node of
fighting than in any other. The reason of its adoption
in the present instance arose out of the following
circumstances :—A few evenings after the late fight,
Spring and L 31•111111 met at lielcher's. Langan invited

iturday,
ing are

We yesterday received the following inteigence from
Calcutta and Madras, giving the painful details of a sear-
city of rice (the chief food of the natives) at the latter
Presidency. NVe sincerely hope that the expected sup-
plies from Bengal and the northward reached the sufferers
wan after the date of this news, or the most deplorable
consequences might be expected to ensue :
ALCUTTA, JAN. 3.
The accounts from Madras are of a most d't tress—ing nature. and
have come upon us with a suddenness which renders the honor
none striping. We were prepared to expect a scarcity of grain on
the coast, but had not the most distant idea of the extent to which
taz failure of the crops had reached. Madras and the sarrour.ding
c matey is in a state of famine. Independently ofters the accounts
too we
publish tnalsy fawn Madras parrs, private let all wee
minutely in the distressing details, for us to doubt a second that
the most dreadful effects are to be apprehended. It is stated that
even dread of the arms of the military. who ate necessarily platted
at the Urdowns where the rice is distributed, is scarcely sufficient
to prevent depredations. Parents are abandoning their children,
,tad several have already died from absolute starvation. This Is
but the commencement of the appalling consequences of famine.
Disease is sure to follow, and although we are eer:ain that every
possible means within the power of bovermilent will be employed
m lessen the effects of this dire visitation, we trust also that the aid
of the Bengal public will not be withheld.

Nt 6.

est of the
we doubt
lave been
no on the

,nriel and
umber of
reitouph,
:amber of
f another
ed praises

this little
1 the pia-
tva
335
set OG the

fetich for
k.
23f. 3lIt:.;

the conquering hero" to take a glass with him. The
champion condtseended to accept the invitation; but
he bad not been seated many minutes with his guest,
when Langan, more in the spirit of Irish anger than
Irish hospitality, jumped on the table, awl said he
would " fight any man in England on a boarded stage."
Spring immediately replied, "You say this merely be-
cause you think you are a superior thow. Now, if you
are in earnest in what you say, I will give you an oppor-
tunity of proving.it. Pest a thousand pounds, and I will
tight you, not only on a boarded stage, but it shall be a
marble one if you please." Langan observed, " you make
this offer, because you know I cannot accept it on the spur
of the moment ; hut to chew that lain in earnest, you shall
hear more upon the subject—so good night to you. The
hospitalities of the evening were here of course mterrrpted,
and the parties separated after the formal salutations of
departure were interchanged. Langan was as good as his
word, and a regular challenge was stmt to Spring:. The
latter refused ,for a considerable titre to fight for less than
a thousand, and was only induced to accept it on the
representation of his friends, that he, after having taken
two hours and twenty minutes to beat Longan, had now
now no right " to stand upon stilts" and demand so large
a sum for the display of his pugilistic prowess.

UNE u.
go out of
is the first

It. Cloud.
Ministers.

[AY 24.

et number
unition cf
parties of
:vent a ye.
ed inviting
e recently

Ning upon
mbassatiur

of Satur.

Ft'x 4.
His Royal

line's with
His Ex.

Marquis de

tber- of the
Deputies,
dent of the
rwomiums,
',Member of
salon on a
to names of
I to 'hew to
portant tits-
he taxes of
wledged by
migrates of

MADAAS, DEC. 23.
It is with great regret that we notice the increasing distress pre-
valent among the natives front the scarcity of rice: in the bazars it
is not to be procured, and only one bankshall is cow copra for
this
its
sale, consequently the rush of the people to obtain a perms of
small supply is dreadful. and the north Wacit is covered with hun-
dreds, waiting with the taint hope of being at last Fortunae enough
to reach its door. litany European gentlemen mingled
with the crowd, endeavouring to procure grain for their SetV:llltS,
which, after leaving succeeded, the difficulty of carying it sway in
safety is considerable, as the right of the strongest, the only law of
necessity, seems universally acknowledged. ;some few I[l3:nl:ants
are dealing out their stock of rice scantily and secz.ttly during the
middle of the night, to avoid the scene of confusion and violence
attendant on a public sale of it. Grain of the worst and oldest de-
scription is b night up with avidity, and many are reduced to sub.
sist on grain ; tats even is not to be purchascd except in small
quantities, and at an enormous price. Sevend deaths have occurred
amongst the lowest order of the natives, which have been
w occosioned
by starvation, and so miserable is their condition that ring chil-
dren herein despair been abandoned by their parents.
The inhabitants of Pondicherry, we regret to learn, are also suf.
fixers for the want of food. We can now no longer indulge the ex.
',tetanal that it fall of rain may yet save the harvest of the coercing
year, as we understand front those acuainted with the subject,
that the crops are already destroyed we, however, sincerely hope
that plentiful supplies front Bengal and the northward will soon
rTach this port, to obviate the distressing effects of a scarcity which
presses so severely on all classes of the native population.
DEctstnEn
(in Monday bight a vast multitude assembled in the Black
Town, and proceeded to break open some of the rice stores belong-
ing to native merchants, which were plundered, and much gram
carried oIE Guards of native troops were sent to protect property
of this description ; the mob, however, behaved in the moat daring
and outrageous manner towards the sepor—while the latter, we
understaod, acted with the greatest forbearance, under very trying
circumstaes ; two of the mob, however, are reported to be
wounded nc o
, and ne killed. It is imagined that not less than 100,01111
persons were collected.

rrivzd there
reed in that
read. The
s found ne-
epeople re_
err dutress.
ri the hitter
n Ipain are
imbassador
wing is an

MAT 24.

of Justice.
iinAieneral

winieationt,
stances and
with which
wed. enter
almost al.
. His 314-
' out of the
nd condemn
rt the habit
Pith a view
his Majesty
th his intro.
made to un.
always dis-
wady, that
mouton and
Ic adjutants
.eatest care,
disobey his

wdent took
nce of the
plundered,

LIVERPOOL MEETING.

in future ;
It, and the

of serious
rrespondent
correspond-
was worth
rkrt of the
he English,
of his Ma-
dadrid that
kovernent in
ke Spanish
sliately for
y. AU the
The Corn-
ere to leave

ber of Peers
ction of the

rn streets of
is living, ou

; Monsieur
) ing the in-
the animal
way of ex-
se two new
r itArluis ;
me. These
the race for
year during

regulations
that every
of the same
it wins the
Angouleine
Inie or ware
I ter. Their
e institution

gives the
ates to have
wch, awl to
a the 'Nth
.o corvettes,.
I to the Pa-
illy false.—

UM, t. tEe

dr m, com-
re the port.
:d au, tit the
ad the same

)r uary, can-
na had been
Chili with
'parched to
ad retreated

Papers say,
ppilig sway
unction was
h or poor-r•
el or not in
e of banish
quite suf-
.o every one
I as to those
streets awl
people bad
unueoleste 1

SWIAMING ACROSS THE lIELLESPOWT.

fare the Second attack. After that day he had no decided Mares
but not being altogether well, witness remained in the house the fol-
lowing night also. In his judgment, as a medical man, it was to
hint perfectly obvious his illness wag the result of a strong mental
agitation.
Baron Pennefather was the next witness swim..—His Lordship
stated that lie leas Mr. Moore's cousin-german and guardian ; sub-
sequent to the marriage of Mr. and Mrs Moore, both lived on ex-
ceedingly good terms ; Mr. Moore had the strongest affection for
her, which at first she returned ; this continued until the separa-
tion ;the Raton was nut with him when he (Mr. Moore) first heard
of Mrs. Moore's departure t Mr. Moore came from Waterford to
his (the Baron's) house at Darling-hill •he had been informed she
hail left Moore's Fort, but was not apprised of the occasion ; he
appeared ignorant that she had gone with any body; he remained
one or two nights at Darling-hill, and went to Moore's Fort, twen-
ty miles thence, and in about a week he (the Baron) became satis-
fied. front information, that 31rs. Moore had gone with Mr. Fitz-
gibbon ; he arrived at Moore's Fort. with the intent of communi-
eating it to Mr. Moore ; he met him at s!x o'clock before his hall-
door ; it was about the 20th of last September ; in a few minutes
the Baron told him that he had received information which satisfied
him Mts. Moore had goneoff with Col. Fitzgibbon ; the effect pro-
duced by that communication was the most sudden and violent
he thought he ever witnessed ; Mr. Moore dropped on his face as
if he had been shot, became altogether Insensible, and to appears
twee dead ; the Baron was exceedingly alarmed, and had him car-
ried to his bed-room ; he worked in strong convulsions. The
Baron moved away his pistols from his bed-aide ; his razors and
fire-arms also from an adjoining room, %bile he was insensible.
Mr. Moore was quite insensible apparently ; but viewing him, lie
struggled to where his pistols had been, stretched out his hand, and
exclaimed, " some one has taken my arms." The Baron told
him he had removed iris pistols, but he seemed quite insensible.
Dr. Armstrong then arrived ; he was in hisreason, but very much
distressed in mind the next day. There are now five of Mrs.
Moore's children alive, one died ; the youngest children were born,
be (the Baron) understood, in 1822 and 1823 • the last birth took
place on the Continent : he could not say he 1;a11 seen Mrs. Moore
lot two or three years.
Margaret Aloroney had lived as servant in Mr. Moore's family,
first In February, 1818, as under housemaid; in May following
she went into the nursery; was altogether four years in the family ;
Mr. and Mrs. Moore lived on good terms, no better; whet the
children were going to bed, Mr. and Mrs. Moore came to see them
every night; they each heard them say their prayers, and were re-
markably fond of them ; when they went to London in 1821 or
11122, she left them ; thinks it was 1822 ; she returned to them
when Mr. Moore came from the continent last August; Mrs.
Moore left 3loore's Fort on a Sunday. morning, in September;
witness, and another named nurse Saunn. together with her own
maid, and the two younger children, went with their mistress;
they slept at Ilowth the second night; Colonel Fitzgibbon arrived
their the same evening; that was Monday evening; they went
next naming in the packet; Mrs. Moore, she understood, re.
mained in the carriage on deck, and *as so hoisted out of the ship ;
witness went to France with them, and when she saw what Mrs.
Moore was about, she wanted to quit them at Rheims; she after-
wards insisted on leaving them; the Colonel and Mrs. Moore int-
vellcd under the name of Grenville; she produced and proved their
passport ; they lived together as nun and wife.
Captain Skinner, of the Vixen,. Holyhead, steam-packet—Re-
members Colonel Fitygiblson going on board in September; saw
the fair hand of a lady fall down the carriage blind • Colonel Fitz-
gibbon (lid not give the lady's name, but paid for her passage; he
(witness) made every effort to see who the lady was--(Laughter)—
but did not succeed.
Mr. William Ashley proved that 2,000/. a year was the value of
the office of Usher in the Court of Chancery.
It was admit•ed by Colonel Fitzgibbon a Counsel that he was
Usher to the Court of Chancery.
Mr. Brabazon Stafford, of the Principal Transfer Office, in the
Bank of Ireland, said, that in May last Colonel Fitzgibbon appears
to have had 28400/. stock, in the Bank of Ireland, in the 3t per
Cents.
The plaintiff's case closed at a quarter before four, when
Me E. JOHNSON addressed the Jury on behalf of Colonel Fitz-
gibbon. He said the Colonel had been but slightly provided fur
by his Noble father, and how money could have been accumulated
in the Bank in his name, NM quite surprising, for the other side
had not shewn that Colonel Fitzgibbon had any real property to
st3unalhitininkore ilimP.un.iittileme&tionheerisntsoteddu,adiga ndot belon
been ttantiot the
tribunal
gentleman, who had not insinuated in his defence any thing in the
remotest degree against Mrs. or Mr. Moore.
Mr. R.Jo H 2( ST ON then generally replied to the arguments of the
Solicitor.litneral. Colonel Fitzgibbon, he remarked, renewed his
intimacy with Mr. and Mrs. Moore, while discharging his duty in
the House of Commons, when they came to London. Mr. Moore
was absent in Ireland on indispensable business. Ile did not
mean to attribute anything culpable to Mr. Moore, while he said
Mrs. Moore continued wholly unprometed, and without a male or
female guardian. A continental journey was proposed. Mr. Moore
was not well able at the time to afford the means. The Colonel
could not have accompanied them without an invitation, and it
should be recollected that the manners of the Continent necessarily
increased an intercourse between the parties, which was truly a mitt.
fortune. lie adverted to the birth of a child at Soignes, and the
arrangement of a new journey through South Wales, subsequently
to the meeting at Brighton. All those circunistancrs, innocently,
he would admit, thrown in the defendant's way, had induced the
crime. Colonel Fitzgibbon conies forward, deploring the event,
and there was a great difference between his conduct and that of a
libertine who gloried in his crime. The object of a Nobleman fre-
quently is to make a great head of a family, who often swallowed
up the property of the younger branches of it. That, he said, was
the situation of the Colonel. There was here everything accidental
and natural, and in this ease nothing to aggravate or enhance de-
cat ages, which would be best apportioned to the true nature of the
The Assessoa addressed the Jury.with impartiality; the Court
was then cleared, and, &fie- deliberating for a short time, the „fury
found a verdict for the plaintiff of Six 7 /wowed Pounds Loaves,
with costs.

CRI3I CON.
11001 E W. Errzoinacfte.
This day this very important ease came on before Mr. Kt VAHAN,
n Assessor, and a Sheriff's Jury of great respectability, viz.:—
Alderman Abbott, C. P. Archer, Montgomery, Harty, West,
Tyndall, and Sir W. Stainer, But. Sir George Whiteford; J.
Hone, Val. O'Connor, E. Croker, and William Spariow, Ents.
31aurice Godfrey Moore, Esq. was plaintifi; and the lion.
Richard Fitzgibbon, defendant.
Mr. 11. IVALSR said this was an inquiry to assess damages,
arising out of an action of trespass, vi a arms, juJgenent having
gone by default. Two counts in the indictment enumerated as-
saults on Diana Moore, then and still the wife of the plaintiff
Damage% were laid at thirty thousand pounds.
The Solearroa-GENERAL said, it was an action brought by
the plaintiff to recover dianages for the seduction of his wife. Fur
10 years they lived together in a state of connubial happiness. She
bore him several children : her iharacter has been stained, and Ms
honour in consequence ; they wire cousins-gennan, descended of a
Noble family; their infantirte amusements were sought together,
and an attachment grew as they advanced towards the prime of '
life ; it grew with their growth, lend they passed the pence, of their,
youth happily together. The lady resided for a time at the house
of the Hon. Mrs. Crosby. In 11109. Mr. Moore found Itimeelr pos-
sessed, when he came of age, of 5,0e0/. a year. and hastened to lay his
fortune at the feet of his attached friend. Ilia mother reinconetrated,
pointed out that he was yet too young ; he yielded, and in 1812,
passing to the Coniinent, travelled into Greece, &e. ; but he found
himself, by some secret attraction, drawn to England ; he found
the lady still attached, and made settlements, when in 1814 a mei-
nage took place. They returned t 6 Ireland, and resided at his seat
at Moore's Fort, where they realised all those contemplation! of
connubial happiness they lead so often pictured to themselves. Is
1315 an acquaintance commenced with defendant at Mount Shan-
non, the seat of the Earl of tame, his brother ; an intimacy took
place; there was no di ~, inution in the affections of Mrs. Mooed
towards her husband ; but afterwards her mind seemed alienated
from her husband. and to relieve the ennui of that dull, stupid
place, as it then appeared to her, she proposed travelling to Loa-
don to change the scene. The plaintiff, by some fatality or acci-
dent, soon found the defendant at his house in London. In 1821,
Mr. Moore could get no rents from Ireland: all knew of the ad&
culty of collecting rents at that period in Ireland. Mr. Moore
came to Ireland to collect the means of his support ; he did receive
some money, and returned to London. After that his means be.
--ewe--
and other inhabitants I came totally exhausted, and he was arrested for debt. lie proposed
Saturday last a meeting of the merchant.
.h, to 31es. Moore to return hone; she was reluctant; the defendant
of the town of Liverpool was held in the 'Tows-hall, •••
I came forward and discharged his debts. Mr. Moore again came to
inerpose of petitioning his 111 sjesty Minietent to advise •heFlamin-g-is"
and then he
Ireland,l I went to London again, anti prevailed on Alm.
Moist Excellent Majesty in Council to recognne• such of the Govern-
Mooge to return to Ireland. Mn. Hutchinson, Mrs. Moore's
went% of the late Spanish and Portuguese Colonies it: North and !
mother, was just then residing in Boulogne, and invited them
South America as have established their indeeendence." ' '
The I over: they went, and staid some little time. The defend-
meeting was most numerously attended.
and I ant, as a friend, accompanied them to show Mrs. Moore the
CHAN efts Ewen:wen, tom. the Mayor, was in the Chair,
!capital of Fear ce : this as. considered but reasonable, as they were
opened thee beelines 0r the meeting, declaring ihat he was coavinced
I near Paris. There Mrs. Moore's manner became totally alter.
lie did not over-rate the liberal feelinge of this great community
ed, and she displayed much ill temper, which Mr. Moore uteri-
when he ascerted, that no eommercial advantages,however value-
blued to ill health. She wished to go to Italy, which her
lac, would ever induce the inhabitants of Liverpool to suppert any
husband's means would not allow ; Colonel Fitzgibbon said he had
measure which did not at the same time uphold the lioncur of the
the means, and would pay the expenses of travelling. This Mr.
Crown and the character of the nation.
Mr. T. 3looal: moved five reeolutione, the principal of which I Moore,
Moore positively declined, and they returned to Boulogne. Mrs.
however, became more unhappy, and to Italy they ulti.
was the follawing:—" Resolved, That it is the opibion of this !
went. Mrs. Moore was delivered of a child at Soignee
fleeting, that the uneeeerved acknowledgment by Great Britain of maid,
shortly after. Mr. Moore being at that time in Ireland, and as he
the political independence of the Spanish oilmen' in North and
saw in his wife nothing but the strictest decorum, and in his friend
Sou•h Anieries. would be productive of important benefit to the
of less . uothing but the highest honour, the birth of that child excited no
commerce of this country ; and, mon:over, ia demanded,
suspicion in his mind. The plaintiff and defendant met at Brighton
by consideration of sound cominercial policy, than by that favour- !
The
M. rtly after. defendant was anxious to see South %Vales, Mr.
able regard which every constitutional nlosiarch and the people of ; M. acquiesced in the Colonel's desire of accompanying them • they
every tree country should entertain towaeds nations, which have
embarked at Milked. Mrs. Moore had for some time complained
unequivocally asserted their claim, and have, de tido, achieved
of ill-health, and on that pretext Mr. Moore erase:eluded trout her
their title to be treated as independent powers. • Tioe other
bed. Subsequently, separate beds were, by her directioce,prepared
resolutions declared the previous insecurity of our trade with Spa-
at his own house. Mrs. 3loore'sdispnition became more and more
pith America, and that a recurrence of the )oases and difficulties mortise ; every day she confined herself to her room. At length,
hitherto experienced in that trade, can only be prevented by a prompt
things went on thus disagveeably, until one morning, at breakfast,
The following Letter from Lord Byron to Mr. Murray end WA ualified recognition of the independence of the new States
she declared their tempers could not assimilate, and that they should
Will be read with peculiar interest:— of South America. e• • part. Mr. Moore was astonished at this, for there never was •
RAVENNA. FEnne way 21, Ift2l. Mr. C. Al ou I.!. moved he petition, which was rfl the ...mg in
more indulgent husband • one who had never denied her any rea-
DEAR SIR—In the 44th page, vol. 1. of Trimier's Tratels Council, and set forth the eatiefaction of the petitioners at theefferts
sortable with. lie declined' makings deed of separation. He ap-
(which you lately sent met, it is stated that " Lord Byron, when made by his 31a)esay's government to remove tenwiee restnetiens pealed to born Brandon, and others of her friends, and she appear.
he expressed such confidence of its amid,practica seems to have upon trade, and gradually to introduce sound and enlightened men;
wishedbseqy more improved in temper and manners. She
forgotten that Leander swam both ways, with againet the tide ; elides into the commercial policy of the country. It then goes
with •
a lodge taken at Donmore ; this was granted. She wished
whereas he (Lord Byron) only performed the eaeitet part of the to declare the advantages of a dime midi, !rill" 1 alild tell=
ee he would take his son to school ; he complied. Rejoiced at this
task, by swimming with it from Europe to Asia." I certainly Beeenos Ayres, Chili, Perw.Mexico, and. ei n te. d apparent change in her temper, he went to Dunmore, concluding he
could not have forgotten what is known to every schoolboy, that that, independent of the various depredatien% committe upnnsllalrty.
would find het there ; she was not there, nor at 3loore's Fort cel-
-1 der crossed in the night, and returned towards the morning. fish commerce by the
.Spaniards in
.the Gulf rat' alexico. (for t e
, the ; nor was she at Baron Pennefather's. his cousin's, nor any
AI y object was, to ascertain that the Hellespont could be grossed at indemnification of which the late Cortes voted about
~ 400
neighbouring house. He still flattered aimeelf that all was safe, and
all by swimming, and in this Mr. Ebenhead and myself both sue- the close of the year I ft 22, but of which not one ter. ing lie bee. a'
n her virtue unpolluted—least of all did he anticipate any ill from his
ceeded ; the one in an hour and ten minutes, the other in one hour received by the British claimants, whose demands, under. the can
dear friend. At last her coulee was discovered by Mr. 111.'s friends.
and five minutes. The tide was not in our favour; on the con- vention between this country rid Spacin
g, drbeed the 12th of March
ta On the Sunday after despatching her husband with her son, she
troy, the great difficulty was, to bear lip against the current ; 1823, amount to about 1,0a0.01101. 1
tberrtrBll/ipetitioners
ha
eeernwe oa. ordered and proceeded in a chaise with her two last born ehildren.
shah, so far from helping us to the Asiatic side, set us down right state that, in the month of Semen . ' ~the etr:Cur' ' m The defendant met hat Howth ; she got into this e, re-1
towards the Archipelago. Neither Mr. Ithenhead, myself, nor, the city of 3lanwai by the Spanish force% under salmi . o-
mained in it on decker
ring the voyage, and was slung. on stare
I will venture to add, any person on board the frigate, front Captain rates, the whole clode British property therein, to a very huge
it. One servant demanded a discharge, and received it at hover;
(now Admiral) Bathurst, downwards, had any notion of a differ- amount, and several British yawls in the harbour were uteri and another at Dijon ; and the melancholy certainty was, that they
of the current on the Asiatic side, of which: Mr. 'Turner speaks. conticeated, and time British merchants and sup:reagoes and news
during were now living together on the Continent in open adultery. The
nce
I never heard of it till this moment, or I would have taken the other of the vessels were made prisonere; many of •horn died
tltet"'s melancholy and painful intelligence was cautiously broken to Mr.
cooing. Lieutenant Ebenhead's sole motive, anti mine also, for their iktention, front the disease,' incident to the climate and the
Moore by hie cousin, Baron Pennefather, but notwithstanding all
setting out from the European side was• that the little Cape above inhuman treatment they received from the Spanish authorities. this preparation for it, when the fact was imparted to hint, he fell
Seaton was a more prominent starting place, and the frigate which They also refer to the case of the Arab, laden with a cargo of Bri-
on the ground as if shot by a pistol, and remained in euch a state
lay below, dose under the Asiatic castle, formed a better point of tish property, which was hoarded at anchor near Piero, on the coast
for a considerable time, that fears were justly entertained for his
view for us to move to
; and, in fart, we landed iinmediately of Peru by the Royalists, in the reineth of June last, and both ship
life in the first instance, and next for his senses. These were the
below it. Mr. Turner says, " whatever is thrown into the etream and cargo. amounting in value to 40A100/.. were confiscated by the
....I simple facts. which were owned to, and admitted by the defendant,
on this part of the European bank, mutt arrive at the Asiatic Spanish authorities, and two British subjects (Mr• Macpherson ''''''' in suearing judgment to go by default, and the Jury were then
shore." 'rids is so far front being the cue, that it mast arrive in Mr. Armstrong, the supercargoes) made primmer&
the Archipelago if left to the current, although a strong wind from The petition states the value of this trade in the following • assembled to assess the dainages. The Learned Solicitor-General
- argued with great ability as to the SUM which the Jury should al-
the Asiatic side might have such an effect occasionally. terms : low for injuries thus sustained by a much-wronged husband. What
Mr. Turner attempted the passage front the Asiatic side, and ••• It appears, by documents prevented to Parliament in March wealth, he asked, could purchase that of which he was deprived ?
failed ; "afta five...and-twenty minutes, in which he did not ad- last, that the official value of exports., of British produce, dur. Could his happiness, could his honour, could the peace of his
Trice a hundred yards, he gave it up, Inun complete exhaustion." ing the year 1819, amounted to 35.64.0291.6%. Ides and in the children, be restored ? Whnt! satisfaction !—no, it was punish-
This is very possible, and might have occurred to inn) just as year 111:32, to 46,452,6131. 13s. Od., a considerable portion of which
went on the delinquent which should be inflicted. He appealed to
readily on the European side. I particularly stated, aid Mr. Hob- vast increase may be Attributed to the extension of the trade with
the Jury as impartial and feeling men, and left the case in their
house has done so also, that we were obliged to mske the real pas- Sou, h America and Mexico, which a few years ago did not exist.
a hands.
t•age of one mile extend to between three and four, owing to the And that in the year 1822, the direct exports of British produce a d
torte of the stream. I can assure Mr. Tuner that his success mauufacture% to those tarts amounted to 3,P67.9501.. ann, in the Wm. Moore, Esq. sworn, was examined by Mr. BEN,
would have given me great pleasure, as it would have added one year 1823. to 3,1143.769 J. Whilst the Government of the United K.C.—lle said lie was brother of the plaintiff', and proved NETT
,ttificate of the marriage of the plaintiff to alise Diana Woodcock,
more instar.ce to the proofs of its practicability. It is not quite fair States of North Aninica is every year imposing additional duties on at Enfield church, in England, on the 26th of March, 1814; the
in him to infer, that because Ire failed. Leander could not succeed. manufactured peas (which are now so high as to operate almost witness is in the navy; had been abroad; ecturned in 1816; Mrs.
There arc still four instances on record ; a Neapolitan, a young as a total prohibition to many of the most important fabrics of this
3loore's first child is living ; he saw 31r. and Mrs. Moore two years
Jew, Mr. Ebenhead, and myself: the two last were in the presence country), it is espalier.), desirable to cultivate the moat intimate after the marriage, in 1817, at Donmore, and never saw a more
of hundreds of English witneesee. With regard to the difference and extensive connexion with the other states of Amenca, where happy or united couple; he observed the same in 111111 and in 11119,
of the current, 1 perceived none; it is favourable to the swimmer on we find the population elieposal to consume oar various manta-N
in . !pore's Fort, county of Tipper ;he knows the defendant ;
neither side, but may be stemmed by. plunging into the sea a con- factures to an extent limited only by their means of paying for he is, he believes, the second son tithe late, and brother of the
siderable way above the oppoeite point of the coast, which the the same." They say that they are not in posse/mon of do- resent Earl of Clare; in IMO and in 1821, he saw a change in
%Yammer wishes to make, but still beanng up against it. It is currents to enable them to declare the value of the exports Ctrs. Illoore's manner • she was dissatisfied, and wished to go to
strong, but, if you calculate well, you may reach land. My own from the port of Liverp alone since the year 1320 but they man England ; in 11122 she' aepeared discontented in
experience, and that of otbers, bids me pronounce the passage oh' state, that during that anti th three succeeding years, no Ices th n Moore was then with her in London, and continued hisattentions
Leander perfectly practicable; any young man in good health, and 7M; vessels have cleared out from thence for venoms ports in North to her; lie expressed unhaarpiness at finding his wife discontented:
with tolerable skill in swimming, might succeed in it from either and South America, formerly under tne dominion of Spain and his appearance was urns.
side. 1 was three hours in swimming across the Tagus, which is Portugal, containing an aggregate burden ot' 136,432. tons : anon 1 y that of a man who was unhappy; he
went to Ireland respecting his affairs ; the rents were not paid,
much inure hazardous, being two hours longer than the passage of that during the five months of the present year, 124 Teasels, ° owing to his absence ; his rental is 5,000 e, and after conning over to
the Hellespont. Of what mar be done in swimming, I shall men. 24,657 tons hunlen, have already sailed for the same destination. collect his rents, he returned after between two or three months, as
tam one more instance. In 1818, the Chevalier 31ingaido (a gen- Between the Gilt of January, 1819, and the sth ,January, 1820, the
, ,can as he got the'
money ; he went to, and returned from Inland
Henan of Bassano), a good swimmer, wished to swim with my actual value of exports of cotton goods frpoughe.port 1
the - r -ArerP°°' a second time ;he then returned on receiving a letter from 51m.
friend, Mr. Alexander Scott, and myself. As he seemed earticu- to the United States of America was 882,029. ,during. the same Moore ;he remained but two days in London after that, and then
lady anxious on the subject, we indulged him. We all three peeved, to Brazil, Buenos Ayres, Monte Video, Chili, and the went with Mrs. Masse to the Continent. At the end of May 111•ZI,
started from the island of the Lido, and swim to Venice. At the en- West Coast of America, 1151,634/. ; and, in the follovrlng year, witness caw them at Moore's Fort ; Mrs. Moore's appearance and
trance of the Grand Canal, Scott and I were a good way a-lecad, to the former, 1,033 2116!. 2.e. ; and, to the latter, 1,111,574 a 135.; demeanour was totally changed then ; she appeared to have lost all
aril we saw no more of our Toreign friend ; Which, however, was of exhibiting, in a striking point of view, the value to Great Britain . sort of interest in her children, her husband, or his family ; Mr.
no consequence, as there Was a goridola to hold his clothes, and of the export cotton trade to the Portuguese and Spanish American ,
3loore is now at Moore's Fort ; he never saw Mrs. Moore since.
ick him up. Scott swam on till Past. the Rialto, where he got out, States. I Some arguments were advanced here by Counsel, relative to the
lessfrom fatigue than chill, having cern four hoursin the water, Several Gentlemen alarmed the meeting, °Ming whom was f torn of the following ques•ion :
without rest, or stay, except what is to be obtained by floating on General D'Evereux, who has been noininsted by Bolivar Amine. ; Mr. BENNETT, K.C.—You saw your brother in May 1823, and
one's back—this being the condition of our performance. 1 con- sailor from Colombia to the Courts of Ruda, Denmark, and I what has been 11111 state since then ?
tioued my course on to Santa (blare, comprising the whole of the Sweden ;he was hailed with loud and genera.' applause. Ile gave ; Mr. MODIT said he never saw a man in a state of greater wretch-
Grand Canal (boodle the distance from the Lido), and got out a gratifying account of the spirit which a: eted the people of . okra, quite differing from his usual disposition. Mrs. Moore had
where the Laguna once more opens to Fusina. I had been in the South America in time cause of liberty and independence. That . six children • the two eldestdaughtees, his third and fourth child-
water, by my watch, without help or rest, and never touching immense continent, free from the fangs of Spanieh tyranny, and , yenwere
born, the first early in January, 1817, the second daughter
ground or boat, four hours and twenty minutes. To this match, slavery for ever abolished. opened her immense territory to English 'in 11119; they then lived on very happy terms, and he never saw
abet during the greater part of its performance, Mr. Hoppner, the capita), English knowledge, English ineffistry, and, above all, to greater attachment from a mother to her children ; Mrs. Moore is
Consul-General, was witness, and it is well known to niany others. English freedom. (Cheers.) The planet General addressed the a very beautiful woman, now about M.
Ale. Turner can easily verity the fact, if he thinks it worth while, meeting at some length, but want of room compels us to omit the Cross-examined by
.Mr. R. Jon N SON, K.C.—The defendant
by referring to lie. Hoppner. Time distance we could nut accurately remainder of his observations. wa% a Representative in Parliament for the county of Limerick, _ .
ascer sin • it was of course coneiderable. The petition having, been carried with acelamatioo, and thanks On Tuesday afternoon, a fine young man, named Jonas
-- and is so still; in about March, 1822, and in the absenceof Mr. afalling .
1 crossed' the Hellespont in uric hour and ten minutes only. voted to the Mayor, the meeting broke up.cadd in the
1 was ki led by oven a quarry at Cow era,
Moore, Mrs. Moore was confined; he should think during the
I am DOW ten years older in time, and twenty in constituutin than nei hbourhood of Glasepow. lie was reclining in an inelosure, named
month of April ; on his arrival she was clown stairs ; while at Flo.
I was when I passed the Dardanelles, and yet two years ago I was Berl's Parks, when he keeper gave hint cheer. In trying to escape,
niece his brother wrote to hint that Colonel Fitzgibbon was with
capable of swimming four hours and twenty minutes ; and I am lie leaped a stile close cache quarry, which. giving way in his grasp,
We yesterday received Papers from New York and them ; he often mentioned him in his letters as a very great friend; he
sure that I could have continued two hours longer, though I had Bostonwas precipitated to the bottom, and died almost instantaneously.
to the 9th rlt. (being tire days later titan those he heard that the Colonel left them at Mrs. Marcoorcai confinement _
on a pair of troweers--an accouterment which by no means assistsEdiubir gh Paper.
the performance. My two coinpamon% AVIV also four hours in the .
which arrived on Saturday) and from lVashington, Hal- !at Soignee; when 3lr. Moore let) his wife in London. it was from ~
and Cl rlthe 7 h•
water. 3lingaldo might he about thirty years of age, Scott about 1 timore, is eston to t calf. They contain a !
' necesatty, and on account of his stain; Mr. Moore, tip to the pe. SIORRIBLE ACCIDENT.—This morning, between eleven
riod of his going abroad, wati always the receiver of his own rents, and twelve o'clock, a most heart-rending scene presented iteelf in
see.and-twenty. Wah this experience of swimming at different I communication, dated Alva 1 March nue), 25. addressed W ' and until an order of Court came down by legal process, and in Tao,
St. Thomaa's Hospital. A pot
.wonean, of the
periods of age, not only on the spot, but elsewhere, of venoms per- Mr. Taylor, United States Consul, at La Vera Crux, by . consequence of I:is absence. ~ ruune of Galloway, wife of a fellowship-porter, residing in Thames-
sons, what is there to make me doubt that Leanders exploit wasllankside had been to obtain some ere-water, and return.
the Secretary of War and Marine, stating that "no goods' John Bolton Massey, Esq. swarm, and examined by the Soeici. street, • in and
perfectly practicable? If three individuals slid more than pass-
(including those that are not prohibited) would be rar- ! TORAJE V E aAL.—Lives near the plaintiff ; their demesnes nearly ing homeward, met the street the mangled dead body of
mg the Hellespont, why should he have done less? But 'tie y
, , , _.. 1 • join ; lie hear known Mrs. Moore seven or eight years ; a great. iota- hchild,fi be twoold. The wretched ent dha left
Cf a ne y, yeah.
ad par . . .
Teener failed, and naturally seeking a p lassible excuse for his milted to be landed on any part co the coast, unuer wt-
! mace always existed between witnewas and Mr. Moores famil • the child in the care of • newt , Other who h taken it, toeethir
failure, lays the blame on the Asiatic side of the Strait. To ever flag the vessel may be, if they are brought from ports •he thought Y • •
ght they lived very happy in 1819 ; when he went to reside with another of the sam age, e to the wharf, near the Southwerk
me the cause is evident : he tried to refine dircetly across, in-
e under the dominion of the Spanish Clovernment. The at his estate in 1817, and as long as he knew them, until she went Lad
4.Works, and was sitting near a waggon just loaded with timber.
stead of going higher up, to take the vantage' He might tents of forty clays shall
be allowed vessels proceeding • away, they seemed very happy ;he was a very indulgent husband; not yet the children playing about her, when, horrible
as well have tried to do over elount Athos.• J secured,ofthe pieces of timber fell. The woman' saw it in
That a young Greek of the heroic times, in love, and with
his front the American Continent.
to return to their ports of , she appeared to take pride in her children ;it WAS quite her hobby t .
o detail . one
from but at the
limbs in full vigour, might have succeeded in such an attempt, is destination ; and four mouths if Europe; at that time;he
- 1
, between the plaintiff and time dekralunt. In 11122, and during the la
near her, and drew it from destruction the other in an inetant yf
neither woidelful nor doubtful. Whether be attempted it or expiration of those two periods, from the publication here- I disturbances, it was hardl possible to get the means of exist- beneath the ponderous masts, completely cruthed to atoms ; one o
not is another question, because he might have had a small Wet, of, they shall be declared a good prise." levee; witness himself, in consequence of the state of time country, the arms was chopped from the trunk ; the body was taken to
to save him the trouble. Thursday a public dinner was given to Mr. O'Connell , was obliged to come over. After her return from the Continent,
• • Ma's Ward, in St. Thonwas Hospital, where an inquest will
I am, yours, very truly, BYRON.
at time Corn Exchange, Dublin, Colonel Butler in the !he called to see Mrs. Moore; she would not see him ; bet re that helot.be The feelings of the towhom articular
poor wonum, no i
P.S.—Mr. Turner says that the swi , ming from Europe to Asia
Chair. Nearly Me persons are raid to have sat down to • she was always at home when he called. Mr. Moore is changed blame attaches. are harrowing beyond measure.
was "the easiest part of the task." I doubt whether Leander ~ in manner and looks for the worse; his spirits are quite gone. Foriorav or FOURTEEN PHOCSAND POUNDS.—lVith-
found it so. as it was the return ; however. he teed several hours tinnier. Andrew Armstrong, Esq. M.D. sworn, proved that he had been in the last few days a forgery to the amount of 14,0010. has been
between the interva s.The argunien of . .T. • i t Me
•• that higher PRICE Or PROVISIONS AT Nal s.—The rice of bread 1 the niedical attendant of. Mr. Moore; attended Mrs. Moore, at practised on the Exchequer Loan Office. We understand a check
up or lower down the strait -widens so coneielerebly, that he for the first fifteen days of June is fixed a five-pence half-1 AI oore's Fort, which is within five mike of his residence, viz. the was drawn by the Secretary foe . . the sum of 1 4001. • and on that
would rave little labour by his starting," is only good for in- penn,y the loaf of four pounds. Mutton mil beef is six-.
• `town of Tipperary ;he attended Mee. Moore profewsionally on her Gentleman leaving town, et was placed in the hands of one of the
diftarent swimmers. A man of any practice or skill will always Met and second confinetuents; he had repeated opportunities of We. principal clerks of the office. al'hilet the Secretary was thus ab-
Pence halfpenny and sevenpence ; veal from nine ' •
less than the strength of the stream. If • • , . . .in how they lived, which was on the most affectionate and friendly sent, the perk to whom it was entrusted p epos, conn
consider the distant Mr u ected
Ebenhead and myself had thought of crossing at the narrowest Pc ee
to ten nce. Fowls from half-a-crown to three sht lings 1 t„,,,, At the latter end of 110, he was called in to vaccine two with the ;Mee, converted the " fourteen hundred" into " ghou-
l-. 1 I •1 t to shilli hatel das then
point, instead of going up to the Cape above it, we should have a piece. otae—re rom mg i pence a • tig eac , Sc-tic- ,of the younger co. ren, an . w consu. respecting rs. Ited 'el sands" by th: addition of afi ewe, and ingeniously altering the
been swept down to Tenedos. The strait is, however, not extreme cording to size and fres . en,
hness Green ets are fallen •
to ! Aloore's health She was in a bad state ot health. Ile ordered word •• hundred" in the body f h heck Th • h
o t e c • e alienist!. ow-
dinarily wide, even where it broadens above and below th fi,i.pe„ec a quart. Vegetables in general are dear. 'lite • strengt ening medicines. a- , sea-bathing or .
' h •reed bath andf her. (he ever, was paid, without suspicion, by that " lynx-eyed" node, the
forts. As the frigate was stationed sums time in the Dardanelles,l the Ted of September, 1823, lie was called in to visit Alf. Moore, Bank of England ; and the elt•predstne, on receiving the booty.
fine weather of the last three or four days encourage hopes'
waiting for the firman, I bathed often in the Strait, subsequently
of whom he flood stretched on the floor, supported by his servants, immediately eft the country, it is supposed for America! The
to our traject, and generally on the Asiatic side, without perceiving a reduction in prices. quite insensible. On examining he found him in an apoplectic fraud was not discovered until the Secretary returned to London;
the greeter strength of the opposing stream, by which Mr. Turner As ro ma
P fWilson and family of
. Edinburgh, ate • when eight or ten ounces of blood were taken from his arm upon the ascertaining of which a Board was immediately eon.
palliate% hie own failure. Our amusement in the -mall bay, w hich are art present r
ichree.ag
on the banks eif IVindennere. were, a few' he six' )ke to him. His pulses were a little quickened, but at the vented but the bird had flown, and beyond the reach of mime-
opens immeiliately below the Asiatic fort, was to dice for the ems! dayto make a c ill on T. tie Qieineey lam of same time depressed, and indicated more of apoplexy than fainting, diate appreheneione—Seaday Monitor,
tortoises, which we flung in on purport, as they amphibieonsly note Gyp, Aen no ee. in can
' • s ago,
Pmcbl laliC • n 0 n ear, they ped from an ac. ei. Ile considered it a dangerous case; he helped Ifim about the Nona Ale RIDER AND SC ICIDE.—At Potsdam, in this State, an
crawled along the bottom. This dom not argue any prettier violence drat when might neve covet eh ~ nn
S' On amen' ding a steep hill, and in 15 minutes alter he saw he wu falling inscesible to the Engliahnian, named Joieph Prince, a labourer, murdered his wife,
oh curtent than on the European shore. With regard to the after among the river otleay, t t se Ki-
i' bar of the vehicle ue- ground front a second attack. Ile became a good deal alarmed, and by cutting her throat with a razor, and then hung himself with
modest insinuation, that we chose the Etiropean aisle, as '' 'easier." fortunately broke, which disengaged it from the hone, and gave have
~ es .. an i-spe i . •
al 11 t• sniotTc meicines to try and re-animate hire his lumdkerchief affixed to a tree. The murder and suicide took
I appeal to Mr. Hobhouse anti Admiral Bathurst if it be true or. the carriage libertto descend beckwa • , rile which it did with great ro his knowledge, tor twenty years he had neva been attacked in place in the woods, near the village, and the bodies were not found
no? (poor Ebenhead being since dead). flat we been aware at . ve. ocey, . _ g
le • tar a MIAMI • t over Alrguel Mrs. Wilson and three the sane way before. The witness. added, that Mr. Moore coati- for several days. They were both ignorant, in abject povaty, ad-
any such difference of current. as is asserted, we would at leas 'ot their ebildren, non, w 1.. . , p f
of hon we an happy to hear, received any laud so ill, he was obliged to remain in the house that night- I dieted to drunkenness, and frequently gave evidence of the want of
in the injury, if we except a night
have roved it, and were not likely to have given it up. . ~ . . __. .
few contusions winch the Professor Baron Pennefather and the Rev. Mr. Moore were there at the time. I mutual affection, without which weaeted life is misery in all its
25 minutes of Mr. Turner's own experiment. received.—t aiedUll Nt It sft re are. The state of Mr. Moore appeared to hint wild and extravagant be. horrid forms.—.lmericos Paper.

THE COUNT LINSINGE.V'S SEAT.
BIREFIELD LODGE.—This lovely retreat, which has been
the admiration of the fashionable world for years past, we find is
announced for public sale this mouth by Mr. O. Robins. The
house is delightfully situated about one mile front the respectable
town of Ipswich ; it is placed in a fine commanding situation,
and has always been the distinguishing feature of this part of the
county ; it overlooks a great extent a beautifully cultivated land,
including in its progress some of the most interesting scenery that
England can boast of; the park meadows almost approach the
river Orwell, the moving scenery of which, at high water, gives a
delightful variety to the panorama that is presented on the con-
trary direction. The mansion is constructed of the finest Suffolk
bric'ks, presenting an edifice which, for its external beauty and in-
ternal arrangements, may safely challenge competition. The first
proud record of the manifest good taste of the respected owner is
to he met with at the Park entrance, where the Lodge presents a
design so classical and good, as naturally incline to a most favourable
impression of the residence. It is difficult to decide whether the
architectural design and exceedingly comfortable arrangement of
of the mansion, or the extraordiriary good judgment that has
directed the disposition of the grounds preponderate. The ap-
proach is through the luxuriant plantation:and park, rendered
more beautiful by its irregular and circuitous route. The lawns
and shrubbery walks present a little wilderness of the choicest
evergreens and flowering shrubs, encountering at every turn an
infinity of American plients, of the must rare and estimable kind :
from this Terrestrial Paradise. the fragrance that is poured forth in
all directions may be conceived, but it will not be attempted to de.
scribe. The Park is disposed in a manner somewhat novel, but
certainly in conformity to good taste the clumps of trees are
scattered about in pleasing negligence. while a luxuriant plantation
walk forms a circle to the whole; in line, it were impossible to
select a place that partakes of so much variety and beauty, in a
circumscribed domain of 212 acres. The vinery and peachery are
125 feet long, the gardens extensive, and the out-offices of every
description of the tint order.

EDINBURGH SCHOOL OF AR7I.

[From the Cakdoidas Moving.)
tiataay, at two o'doek, a meeting was held in Oman's Rooms.
bf the subscribers to the School at'Arts, the Lord Provost in the
Chair. The meeting was numerous, and highly respeetaldm
Among the Gentlemen primed were, Sir Walter Scott, Dr. CAW-
men, ale Jeffrey, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Marl, Chairman of the
Customs, Professors Leslie and Mane, Bailie Waugh, Mr. J. A.
Murray. Mr. Forsyth, Mr. Sheriff Wood, &c.
Mr. ',Emcee') HORNER read a report of the state of the
Institution, at the close of its third session. It mentioned gene:
rally the prosperonS state of the School of Arta, and alluded coats
establishment of similar institutions in different parts of the cm:
pire, at chewing the greying conviction of their utility among all
classes. About 311 lecture% had been given on chemistry, and as
many on mechanic! ; and it was found that a really aubstantial
knowledge of the elements of those sciences could not be COOMILIz
Ideated in a smaller compass. Theta lectures, given at the rate of
one per week, required a session of seven months. Dr. Fyfe's
chemical lectures had been nearly the same each year, but next
season it was intended to give a s'parate short course en the che-
mical arts--on dyeing, tanning, bleaching, brewing, distilling,
ant some others. The whole notither of students was 317, of
whom 11 had attended the first seesioa, 34 the second, and 49 the
first and second (we ere not gait!, sure as to the numbers.) From
Cin ni 200 had attended die mathematical class. Mr. %Filson, too,
had introduces( into his course a view of the doctrine of chancel.
a subject entirely neglected• in el unit.lary. weeks, though really of
great utility. lie fiat shewn its application to insurances on pros
perry and lives, and to the management of be. tfit societies. Mr.
thee had conducted, with great aoility, the class for architectural
drawing, which had been attended by :10 students—a great imombrar
for (VIC HASS, when the mode of instruction is considered. It was
sowed, taither, that in all the classes the Attention given and the
progress made had lweit most gratifying, that many of the exer-
cises performed by the students displayed great ability, that their
demeanour throughout Lad been most correct and orderly, and that
some of them hied got situations in consequence of their acquire-
I menus in Science, which would have otherwise been beyond their
reach. Finally, the report totted, that the library, which now in-
cluded 7511 volumes (100 being added last season), was found to be
a most valuable auxiliary to the lectures.
Dr. ('HALM Ells rose to shove that the Report read should be
approved of by the meeting. He expressed the wannest interest
in the present Institution, the object of which was not the translai
don of the people into a higher Maus in society, but the diffusion
of knnwledge among them. What recommended the pteaent Ins
stitution to him was, that it was was an attempt to diffuse know-
ledge—to let down the light of literature on the humbler walks of
lite t and to circulate the kindly and humanising influence of
what may be termed the literature of the mechanic's trade. It was
not changing the condition of the people, but it was keeping them
in that vernacular condition, if he might so express himselt, which
truly belongza to them. It was this which appeared to stamp a
character upon the present Institution, and which so recommended
it to him that he reckoned it an honour and a privilege to take any
part in its proceedings. Nothing could be more wild and imprac-
ticable than to attempt to remove the great body of the people from
the station in which their original lot ens cast—to alter the con.
dition of those who were spread out as the basis of our popula-
tion. Nothieg could indeed be more pleasing 10a well-consututed
mind than to see individuals struggling against the impediments
of their birth, such as %Vett or Rennie; and, buoyed up by the
tnrce of their natural talents, attain a station among the Nobles
of the land. Ile looked upon these occasional examples of high
eminence as the fruit and distinct consequence of the extension of
education among all ranks of the people. Vet, although they must
all rejoice at the openings which British society afforded to
aspiring talent and generous ambition, it was certain that artisans
and labourers must, to the end of time, compose the vast multitude
of our %pecks. Political economy had its boundaries anti way&
tia, and it was utterly impossible to force those physical bounds.
ries by which it was beset. It would he vain to try to change the
geographical situation of a people, and it would be just as hop os-
aible to lift them from their lot, and to shift the relations of society.
This was no such Quixotic experiment for altering the platform of
the social edifice ; it left the platform and the pinnacle untouched,
and only let down the light of philosophy won the humble walks
of life. This was the principle which guided the Edinburgh
School of Arts. The Rev. Doctor here combated the idea that the
cultivation of mechanical philosophy was prejudicial to artisans in
their employment. It had no such deteriorating influence. So
fir from weakening exertion, it cn.ufirmed Ms inclination to labour.
The School of Arts, he conceived, was not adverse, but in the
highest degree condt.cive to a well-conditioned and well-regulated
state of the operative part of society. There was another aspect
under which this Institution might be considered. It tended to
the general elevation of plebeian habits and plebeian understand-
ns. Another of its most pleasing results was, the mutual kindli-
oe which it engendered between the lower and the higher classes.
The gentlemen who had the arrangement of its details experienced
delight of the purest kind, in all their intercourse with those under
their charge. There was nothing deleterious in this Aucsaattoo:
it led to the purest cordiality. They found them ratioamal,
and most companionable men. The rich and the poor, he was
convinced, would love one another the more they knew one another.
He so highly prized these blessings, that lie trusted they
would make no change in their constitution which was calculated
to dissever them front one another. Next to the Institutions 'Lich
incorporated the spirit of the Gospel with the habits of norkieen,
those inechanical schools were best calculated to engage the phi-
lanthropy of enlightened men. lie concluded by moving, that the
Report hue approved of, and that it he ordered to be printed mid
cireulati d among the members of the Institution.
Sir WALTER SCOTT said, that the duty of seconding the me-
don was imposed on him since he entered the room, but after what
they had just heard it was unnecessary tin him to occupy the time
of the meeting. lie warmly approved of the Institution, because
he considered it would as great a crime to hide knowidge from the
people, as it would be to hide the sun front them it they bad diet
power. After the principles which hat been so eloquently ea-
planed, it was not necessary for him to add another wore. [Lib 111lLa-
p/T to second the motion.
JEr FILET—They must all feel that they hail not ells-
charged their duty if they separated without returning thanks to
those meritorious individuals to whose exertions they were prima-
rily indebted foe the success of this Institution ; he meant Dr.
Fyfe, Mr. Buchanan, the Rev. A. Wilson, and Mr. Duck. When
they took into consideration the inadequate remuneration which the
limited funds of the Institution allowed those gentlemen tor their
lectures, and the time and labour occupied not only in the lectures,
but in the preparation of their experiments, it would be at once
admitted that they were among the highest contributors to thus In-
'dilation. Those only who attended the lectures could estimate
the laborious duties in which those persons were engaged ; and
when they farther considered that they were persons eminently qua.
idled for other pursuits that might have been more beneficial to
themstives, but who, front a sense of benevolence, devoted their
talents to those lectures, they might then duly estimate the tuegni-
tude of the benefits they had conferred on the establishment. Fur
these exertions, the only mean' they had to bestow was the ex-
pression of their gratitude. It was the most appropriate currency
in which they could pay such serviees, and would, he was sure, be
of more value than any other reward to those on whom it was be-
stowed. Ile concluded with proposing that the meeting should
rote their high approbation of the zeal and ability with which Dr.
Fyfe, Mr. Buchanan, Mr. Wilson. and Ale. Dick, huh discharged
their duties se lecturers, fur which they were entitled to the thanks
of the subscribers.
Mr. NAIINE seconded the motion.
Mr. Walton mowed that Mr. John Wood, advocate, and Mr.
Samuel Morton, agricultural implement niaker, be appointed Di-
lators in room of the two who go mit by rotation.
Mr. COCK ICI )1, in seconding this motion, said that he did not
know two individuals who were more peculiarly calculated to sup-
ply the place of the two Directors who had gone out, than Mr.
nod and Mr. Morton. With respect to Mr. Wood, he was not
sure that mane gentlemen here had seen the charity-chool in Leith
Wend, of which Mr. Wood, though not the teacher, was quite
well known to be patron and real manager. If there was any per-
son who had not seen it, he would advise them not to allow many
nays to pass befere they paid it a visit. 'llie impression it
had made on his mind would not be speedily ctlwed. There was
not a mere beautiful or interesting spectacle to be seen among the
lower olden of this, or, perhaps, any other city. Ile confessed, that
he would not soon recover front the surprise which he telt when no
entered the room, of a humbl:, to be sure. and omen appearance,
but crowded with young children of the lowest ranks, many of
them, indeed, in rags, but all in the highest de,gree cheerio', happy,
and contented. He here beheld operation' in mental arithmetic
performed with a rapidity and accuracc, almost approaching to it
tuition—a degree of minute and corre:i geographical knowledge, far
extending any knowledge that was acquires' in the schools even of
the higher ranks ; and in the reading of English, the greatest pro-
priety and simplicity, such as week/ have done honour to children
in the highest situations of society ; and with all this there was
combined the most cheerful and happy dispositions; so that be
might say. it was altogether one of die most intents ing and beau-
tiful spectacles, which the science of modern enlightened bolero-
lence had ever exhibited. The whole of this was brought about
solely by the merits of his friend Mr. Wood. whit, in devoting so
many years to the cavitation of thole poor children, tould have
nothing else in view than the rich rewanl of his min cooscience.
and the gratitude of those who were the objects of' his are. With
regard to Mr. Morton. it was not necessary to say so much. He
was not only a constructor of machines, but he was an inventor :
and by the application of mechanical principles to practice, had be-
come so illustrious in his line, that it would be presumption in
him (%I r. ('.) to say any thing in his praise. He could out but
prove an acquisition as a director of a mechanical mimed.
The Lunn Paovose observed, that he had an opportunity of
knowing. that Mr. ‘Vood. since he was appointed snentlef Pee-
bleu had made great and beneficial reforms in the school% there.
Mt. Fosses it moved the thanks of the meeting to the Direc-
tors. He consider's' such institutions as the School of Arts to be
an extension of the spirit of our =teeters in the establishment of
pari.h schools ; which had bestowed on toasty Scotsmen himself
time one, their best patrimony, education. The effect of these rotate
institutions was, that while the students were engaged in scientific
pursuits, their morals wsre improved. The natural tendency tie
such establishinems was to increase the strength, the cons Nuence,
the glory of our native land, and Ili .1 e same time to etitettel hap.
pineas among all classes. He was sorry that his own occapa.onts
had prevented him from attending to an institution of which lie so
highly approved ; bat he felt great satisfaction in moving that/tanks
of the meeting to those who did their duty ',time.
Deacon ('t•vssxuuare moral the thanks of the meeting to Mr.
Horner, whose exertions he could not pretend to speak of it 111111.
quate terms, and which those only who witnessed them cotairi
fitly
appreciate.
Mr. Cocain' ix observed, that he supposed this was iscoodel
by very person in the room. (Applause.)
The motions were all agreed to unanimously.
Thanks being voted to the Lord P[olo3l. for his candtact in thm
Chair, the meeting broke up.

..
,
.
;
ibheui
ent
tinep.eotg lt '
INDIA. SPRING AND LANGAN. SIIERIFF'S VOMIT, Demise Justi S.. fare the Second attack. After that day he had no decided relapse. EDINBURGH SCHOOL OF ARTS. 1
--mow- -.....-- ..-.0.---
enbieeieghingityaealhisto:euthliirthillselinejilidwessgMitnwe"leneeerenithatelaresinnedultedsilnefeadleaUlanstsongb7itthemeWan:lol
SCARCITY AT MADRAS. It has been supposed by many that the muse of these CRI3I CON. -....mw..-_.
- candidates for the chant ionehip fi htin on a boirded 11001 E v. rtrzotanow. . , Tiiesiaay, at twiononni'doelkl, ta'akmeesindewlegswasiferewehelditnloman's Rooms.
iturday, P g g This day this very important case came on before Mr. Kleenex, agitatton. Of the subscribers to the scho' ol ilf Arts, the Lord Provost in the
lite are We vesterday received the following intelligence from
stage, has been a complaint of foul play on the Part of as Asses•or, and a Sheriff's Jury of ice t respectability, viz.:-
ea Baron Pennefather was the next witness swom.--His Lordship Chair. The meeting was numerous, and highly ble- I
.'..74.
Calentta and Madras, givciku the painful details of a scar-
Langan. There certainly is less apprehension of inter- Aldennan Abbott, C. P. Archer, Itlontgomery, Hefty. West, stated that lie las Mr. hfoore's cousin-german ana guardian ; sub- Ainong the Gentlemen present were, Sir Walter Seotti,"ArChal.
city of rice (the chief f of the nativee) at the latter
ference or interruption by the crowd in that mode of Tyndall, arid Sir W. Starner, Bart. Sir. George Whiteford ; J. sequent to the marriage of Mr. and Alm Moore, both lived an ex- men, Mr. Jeffrey, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Bare Chairman of the t i
7NE 6. Presideacy. 'We sincerely hope that the expected sup- _ .
Helen% than in any other. The reason of its adoption Hone, Val. O'Connor, E. Croker, and William Spariow, Escts. ceedingly good ternis ; Mr. Moore had the strongest affection for Custom& Profeesors Leslie and Mane, Bailie Waugh, Mr. J. A. i i
est of the plies front Bengal and the northward reached the sufferers .. . . f. _ f
ii .
esent instance arose out 0 the o. owing .I.3laurice Godfrey Moore, Esq. was plaintifi; and the Hon. her, winch at first she returned.; this continued until tbe sepera. Murray. Mr. Foreyes, Mr. Sheriff Wood, &c.
we doubt z echard Fitzgibbon, defendant. tum ;the Raton was nut with hun when he (Mr. Moore) first heard Mr. Ltoxemie HORNER read a report of the state of the
soon after the date of this news, or the most deplorable in t" Pr
cireumstancee :-A few evenings after the late fight, i t .
lave been 31r. 11. WALSH said this was an inquiry to assess damages, of Mrs. Moore's departure ; Mr. Moore came from Waterford to Institution, at the close of its third session. It mentioned gene.;
ins on the consequences might be expected to ens.u:l:- _ .
~
Spring and L3PTIII met at Belcher's. Langan invited arising out of an action of trespass, vi et semis, judgment having his (the Baron's) house at Darling-hill •he had been informed she rally the proemial:: state of the Seem' of Arts, Ind alluded mate
( .c r Ira, JAN. .i. gone * default. Two cou Is in the indictment enumerated as. had Left 3loore's Fort, but Pas not app'rieed of the occasion ;he estiblishment of similar institutions in different parts of the eme /
f
The amounts from Madras are of a most di teasing neture. anti " the conquering hero" to take a glass with him. 'The
ewe/ and t the invitation ; but n and .11 ' • •T peered hhe had ' • - • •
mules on Diana . Moore, then stt the wde of the plainti . air igeorant tat s gone with any body ;he remained pire, ae Chewing the erelong conviction of their utility among all
hare come upon us s
ittli a suddenness which renders the honor champion condescended to weep
umber of inure strdting. We were prepared to expect a %care y
it of grain on
.. ,he bad not been seated many minutes with his guest, Damage% were laid at thirty thousand pounds. one or two nights at Darling-hill, and went to Moore's Fort, twen- classes'. About 1111 lecture% had been given on chemistry, and as
The SoeateTna-0 it NERA e said, it was an actioa brought by ter miles thence, and in about a week he (the Baron) became antis- many
taiumple, on mechanic!, and it was found that a really substantial
when Langan, more in tite spirit of Irish anger than the plaintiff to recover damages for the„seduction of his wife. For tied. from information, that Mrs. Moore had gone with Mr. Fitz- knowledge of the temente of thaw sciences could not be corium
:amber of the coast, but had not the most distant idea of th_c extent to omen
co. fame of the crops had reechol. Madras and the surrounding
Irish hospitality, jumped on the table, and said he 10 years they lived together in a elate ot connubial happiness. She gibbon t, he arrived at 3100 re's Fort, with the intent of communi. nicated in a smallere emn These lectukee given at the rate of
f another ohe per week, required a session of seven month& Dr. leyfe's
ed praises culitry it in a state of famine. Ineeperidently of the accounts we
publish toelay from Meant% pspers,„ vete letters all agree too would " fight any man In England on a Imartled Were." bere him several Children ; lire iharaeter has been stained, and his eating it to Mr. Moore ;he met him at six o'clock before his hall.
t Pr% to doubt a ond that Spring i iiii neiliately rat desceneed of a door ;it was abo.nt the 20th of last
.September ; in a fe.w mitentes chemical lectures had been nearly the same each year, but next ,i
minutely in the distressing details, or u. eee Noble family ; their inn:nine ,amuhements were sought together, the Baron told hun that he had received information
eied ~ You say this merely be. honour in consequence ; they wtre cousins-gentian,
which satisfied season it was intended to give • %Tante short course on the die. 'Se
this little cause you think you are a s'reperior Minn% No 1
1 the par- tbe most dreadful Oleos are to be apprehended. It ie stated that *ll, 1.7 '''' and an attachment aerew as they tedvanced towards the prime of him 311.. Moore had goneoff with Col. Fitzgibbon ; the effect pro- mieal arts--on (Vent', tanning bleaching brewing, distilling, I
even dread of the arms of the military. who we necessa. rile. two, I are in earnest in what you say, I will give yon an °pear- lite ; it tercet with then growth, end they passed the pence' of their duce,' by that communication was the most sudden and violent and some others. Tree whole Potterer of s.tudents was 317, of
tunity of provineeit. Pest a thousand pounds, and I will youth leappily together. The lady needed for a time at the house he thought he ever witnessed; Mr. 3loore dropped on his face as whom II had attended the tiro se,sine, ett the second, and 49 the
fele at the litidown% wileye the rice is distributed, is scarce, sit. tent (4
2,, to prevent depredations.
dparents are abandoning their children, fitund lenetele pos. if he had been shot, became altolOther Insensible, and to appear. first and second (we are not gate pure as to the rumbers.) From
reed several have already ied troin u u
beat te etarvation. This Is fight you, Dot wily on a bearded stage, but it sball be a of the Hon. 31 es. Crosby. In 11109. Mr. Moore 1
lete marble one if yott please." Langan observed, " you make tested, when he came se , , .
or -.e or 5 omen year, and hastened to lay hes :ince dead ; the Baron wail exceedingly alarmed, and had hint ear. 150 to 200 had attended the nuithematicial rims. Mr. Wilson, too,
fortune at the feet (Whig attached friend. Ilia mother remonstrated, ried to lin bed-roont ; he worked in strong convuleions. 'the had introducol into his course a view of the doctrine of chances.
lin at die aut the commencement of the appalling consequences ofh famine.
this offer, because you know I cannot accept it on the spur pointed out that he WaS yet too Young Ihe Yielded, and in 1812, Baron moved away his pistols frum his bed-side ; his razors and a subject entirely neglected• in el intetary weeks, though really of m•
I /tease is sure to follow, and although we are certain t et every
wer of boverneient will he employed all •
feasible means within the po . . .
.hat the sw of the moment ; but to sliew that lam in earnest, you sh , pasong to the Continent, travelled into Greece, &e. ; but he found fire-arms also from an adjoining room. while he was ineensible. great utility. Ile hal sheen its &polka:ion to insurances on proo
reneh oe to lessen the effects of this dire visitation, we trust also t hettr more upon the suhject--so good night to you. The ! iiineelf, by moue secret attraction, drawn to England ;he found 311•• 3100 re was quite inseneible apparently ; but viewing him, lie perry and lives, ar.d to the management of be, efit societies, Mr.
le 1.930 t. ie the Bengal public will not be withheld. 1
hospitalities of the evening were here of course tinerrepted, I the Lilly still attached, and made setliceienPS, when in 1814 a mg. struggled to where his pistols had been, stretched ont his hand, and Dies had conducted, with great Keeley, the class for architectural
25e 30e. ; Manual, DEC. 23. lace They returned te !rennin. and resided at his seat exclaimed, " tome one has taken my arms." The Baron told thawing, which had been att I
and the parties sr mated after the formal salutations oil nage twit P . - ended by 30 students-a gnat huntber
tot 5. It is with great regret that we notice the increasing distress pr. 1 s le I, at Moore s }ore, where they realised all those contemplationk of him he hod removed ins pistol+, but he seemed quite insensible. for one class, when Vie mode of instruction is considered. It was
ty of rice; in the bazars It departure i 1
e.lent among the natives from the scarce . were interchance.d. Langan was a , as lois I connubial happiness they had so often Pictured to ilieneelves. lis Dr. Armstrongelten arrived ; lie was in hiereason, but very much %need, nether, that in all the classes the Attention given and the
go out of ed and only one bankshell is now open for its word, and a regular challetere was sent to Sprint!. TI e : Tels an acquaintance commenced with defendant at Mount Shan. distressed in mind the next day. There are now five of Mrs. progress made had been mnst gratifying, that many of the clef. '
is the first it. not to be mixer ,
le to obtain a portion of this latter refused for a corusiderahle time to fight for less than 1 men the sea* of the Earl of Clete his brother ; an intimacy took Moore's children alive, one died ; the youngest children were born, cises performed by the at:Meets di layed great ability tine their
sAle, mosequenty the rush of the peop . . , .
) ered with bun- • I. h . V• • • .ii the affection • f Mrs. Moore he (the Baron) undentood, in 1822 and 1823 • the last birth took demeanour th t.l t had been %Pris ' ' il 1' .I
d h
It. Chetul. small suppty is readful. and the north Nee,' is ay h _
.hoir_ _,
nd and was only induced to accept it on the . p ace; t ere was no c 1111 l mama . _ h . on te y, an t. at
s wattle with the thint hope of being at last animate ceoug a , " . fter kvi taken ' toivards her husband ; but afterwards er mind seemed tenet. e
s e ay ed • earn on the Continent :he could not sa he I;ad s Mrs. Moore some of theenrollti.ru • • nt.
t cermet
a"
Y lu. got sittiattoes en consequence of their acquire-
Ministers. dred , g I min led representation of his frimmils, that be, a BE tot two Of three y,
11,
to reach Ses door. Many European gent emen are see.n g from her eusband, and to relieve the ennui of that eull, stupid years. went* in ecience, w ich would have otherwise been beyond theft
with the crowd, endeavouring to Procure grain for their eervants, two ' t Lon n had now •
hours and twenty minutes to lea ga , ._ : place, as it then appeared to her, she proposed travelling to Loa. Margaret eloroney had lived as servant in Mr. Moore's family, reach. Finally, the report str ted, that the library, which now in-
leT 24. which, after having su ec .t e
eceed I h difficulty of carying it sway in now no right "tO MAW upon stilts" and demand so large , don to change the acetic. The plaintiff, by some fatality or acci. first In February, 1818, as under housemaid ;in Slay following eluded 7511 volumes (100 being added Ind season), was found to be .ti
tt number c • ' I irable as the right of the etrontiest, .
the only law of
enemy is cons', e , a sum for thc display of his pugilistic prowess. I dent, soon found the defendant at his house in London. In 1021, she went into the nursery; was altogether four years in the family ; a most valuable auxiliary to the lectures.
.unition of necessity, seems universally acknowledged. some few teereliants
....e. ee.... ........eseese ! Mr. Moore could get no rents front Ireland: all knew of the daft. Mr. and Mrs. Moore lived on good terns., no better ; whel the Dr. CHALSIEws rose to move that the Report read should be ill
parties of are dealing out their stock of rice scan .
ttly and secretly during the ashy of collecting rents at that Period in Ireland. Mr. Moore children were going to bed, Mr. and elre. Moore came to see them epproved of by thc meeting. Ile expresecd the wannest interest l'o
:vent a re. middle of the night, to avoid
.the ocene ot con usio .
f • n and violence LIVERPOOL JIEET'ING. came to lrtland to collect the means of his support ; he did receive every night ; they each heard them say their prayers, and Were re- in the present Institution, the object of which wio not the trainee.
el inviting attendant on a public sale
.t. Itl d
• of i Grain of the worst and o est e- sonic money, and returned to London. After that his means be. markably fond of them ; when they went to Gondon in 1821 Of tem of the people into a higher status in society, but the diffusion
e recently scription is b night up with av , ,
lay and many are reduced to sub.
a meeting of the merchants and other inhabitants lei she I
came totally exhausted, and he was arrested for debt. Ile proposed , eft them ; thinks it WAS 1022 ; she returned to them of knowledge among them. What recommended the present In.
~.. eat on grain ; t
• his even is not to be purchased except in small Saturdayelasi
L.
id . , .
hot
„. F h
trawl was he in the 1 owe. . Or ie to Mrs. Moore to return home ; she was reluctant ; the defendsnt when 3lr. Moore came from the continent last August ; Mrs. witution to him was, that it was was an attempt to diffuse know.
eine upon quantities, and at an eno.
-mous price. Senna deaths have occerred of the too a . ivi
is m . .
31. .
he been occamoned mamma petition ng h eresty • motets to advise •he King's
• came forward and discharged his debts. 3lr• Moore again came to Moore left 3loore's Fort on a Sundae morning, in September ; ledge-to let down the light of literature on the humbler walks of
othassadur e Ingest order of the native& which -ve , . • . - - . hee the (entre_ Ireland, and then lie went to London again, and prevailed on Mre. witness, and another named nurse Saunn. together with her own life t and to circulate the kindly and humanising influence of
amonpt th chil- Most Excellent bluest); in council to recognoe suc
heir condition that meg;
by starvation, and so miserable is t h . t
ments of the Lite Spanish and Portuguen Coloseies it North and Moore to rettn.l to Ireland. Mrs. Hutchinson,. elm. Moore 6 maid, and the two younger children, went with their mistrois ; what may be termed the literature of the mechanic's trade. It was
iof Sanas dren herein despair been abandoned by tea paren s. . mother, was just then reaidiee in 11°uIntre• anti invited them they slept 3t llowth the second night; Colonel Fitzgibbon arrived not changing the condition of the people, but it was keeping them
.
n are ale() suf. South America as hare establiehed their inder.endence." ' . . . . ..
The inhabitants of Pondicherry, we regret to leer , y went, an mat some itt e mite le i e ......-
rile i over ; the d d II t • 11 I newt their the same evening; that was Monday evening; they went in that nenacular condition, if he might so expres. himselt, which
FPNE 4. e fern% for the want of Noe. We can now no longer ineulge the ex. meeting was mon numerously attended. ' ant as a friend, accompanied them to show Mrs. Moore the next morning in the packet; Mrs. Moore, she understood, re. tntly belonged to them. It was this which app:ared to stamp a
llis Royal pectation that te fall of rain may yet save t
.e
h harvest of the coming CHARLES Lewer.wen, tom. the Mayor, WaS in the Chair, and 1 o
~
_, ..,
his ass cansidned but reasonable, as they were monied in the carriage on deck, and *as so hoisted out of the ship ; character upon the present Institution, and which so recommended -
ed with the subject, open& the butiluess or the meeting. declaring that lee was coavineed I cap"' e! eree" r t
year, as we underetand hone than acquaint near Pans. There 3lrs. 310oves manner became totally alter. witness went to France with them, and when she Saw what 31,1‘. it 111 him that he reckoned it an honour and a privilege to take any
incerely hope he did not over-rate the liberal feelings of this great community
einem with that the crops are already destroyed ; we, however. s . ed, aod she displayed much ill temPers which MT. Moore attri- Moore was about, she wanted to quit them at Rheims; she after- part in its proceeding*. Nothing could be mote wild and imprac.
His Ex. that plentiful supplies front Bengal and t _
he northward will noon when he awned, that no commercial advantage', however value-
bated to ill health. She whaled to go to Italie which her wards imaged on leaving them; the Colonel and 3lrs. 3loore tra- titable than to attempt tO remove the horst body of the people from i
f a scarcit which lele, would ever induce the inhabitants of Liverpool to support any .
reach this port, to obviate the distressing effects o . y nusband's means would not allow ; Colonel Fitzgibbon said he had yelled under the name of Grenville; she produced and proved their the statimt in which their original lot sae cast-to alter the con.
Rarquis de •ve population. measure which did not at the same time uphold the honeur of the
the m s d Id h
,an wou pay t e expenses of travelling. This e .
'Ur Passport : they lived together as man and wife. dition of thon who were spread ont as the buis of our pepula-
presses so severely on
all
dale" d the
ran
Deer MIIER ce. Crown and the character of the nation.
ng. , Moore positively declined, and they returned to Boulogne. NITS. Ca ain Skinner ' 3".
pt ,ot the nen, Ilolyhead, steam-packet-Ile- tion. Nothieg could indeed be more pleasing 10 a well-consututed
iber of the On ItloreitLyht a vas
• t multitude assembled in the Black 3lr. 'l'. 31tioar. moved five row ,
• he elcieal of which
lemon. t pri
h' • • ' Moore, however, became more unhappy, and to Italy they ulti. members Colonel Fiogileion geeing on hoard in September ; eaw mind than to see individuals atruggling agsinst the impediments
' Deputies, Town, and ed to break open some of the rice stores belong- was tee follewin;T:-" Received, That it is t e opinion of this '
~,., . , I maid, went. 3lra Moore was delivered of • child at soigne. dr fee hend or a lady fan down the carriage blind ; Colonel Fitz- of their birth, such as Watt or Rennie ; and, buoyed up by the 111.!
dent of the ing to native merchants, why..
' h were plimelered, and much grain meeting. that the unreserved acknowledgment y .
o west ontain a ,
; shortly after. el r. Moore being at that time in Ireland, and as he gibbon did not give the lady's name, but paid for her mange; lie force of their natural talents, attain a staeon among the Nobles ,
N h d
ty the political independence of the Spanish colonies tn ort an
temniums, carrieJ ofe Guards of native troops were sent tn protect proper . . itness) made every effort to see who the bidy was--(Laughter
I saw in his wife nothing but the strictest decorum, and in his friend (w . )- of the land. Ile looked upun these oecasional examples of high
1
ld prod • of • ant benefit to the
ved in the most daring Seen' America. won be ucive import
ehamber ief of this description ; the mole however, btha . I uothin but the highest honour, the birth of that child excited no but del nert eucceed. eminence as the fruit and distinct consequence of the extetsion of
ssion me a and outrageous nianner towards the sepoys-whtle the latter, we commerce of this country ; and, remover, is den .
th, f
anded not less ..g . . .
1 suspicion in hia mind. The Plaintdrand defendant met at Brighton Mr. et ahem Ashley proved that 2,000/. a year was the value of education amoog all ranks of the people. Vet, although they inust I.'
me names of understand, acted with the greatest forbearance, under veil trying by consideration of sound comineemal policy, than by at avour- ,
_eort.y
i i after. The defendant was anxious to see South IVales, Ale the office of Usher in the Court of Chancery. all rejoice at the openinp which Beitish society afforded to 10
Ito shew to circumstances ; two of the mob, very constitutional Monarch and the people of ' "
however, are report,: to be able regent which e . . el. asquiesced in the Colonel's desire of accompanying them • they It was admitted by Colonel Fitzgibbon a Counsel that he WaS aspiring talent and generous ambition, it was certain that artisans
portant dis- wounded, and one killed. It is imagined that nut less than 100,000 every tree co . 1 .
untry should entertain towaeds names, which have
h ked Mir d 31 M lil for some time complained Usher to the Court of Chancery.
i.,em ar at .ior . . ts. pore is and labourers must, to emend of time, compose the vast multitude
unequivocally their e atm, antl have, de tact°. tech on.
he taxes of persons were collected. of ill-health, and on that pretext Ille Moore Waa excluded from her Mr. Beebe:on Stafford, of the Principal Transfer Office, in the of our imecies. Political economy had its boundaries and necesei-
wledged by .....mesmieemmee- their title to he treated as independent powers. ' The other
bed. Subsequently. separate beds were. by her directioes,prepared Bank of Ireland, said, that in May last Colonel Fitzgibbon appears tieti, and it Was utterly impossible to force those physical bouuda.
resolutions declared the previous insecurity of our node with Spa-
migrants of swim atING ACROSS THE lIELLESPOWT. nish America, and that a recurrence of the loeses and difficulties at his OWD house. Mrs. 3100resdigeosition became more and more to have had 28,108/. stock, in the Bank of Ireland, in the 3e per ries by which it was beset. It would he vain to try to change the
-..canse-- hitherto experienced in that trade,crui only be prevented by a prompt morose ; every day she confined herself to her room. At length, Cents. geographical situation of a people, and it would be just as tumos.
air Mum
The following Letter from Lord Byron to . • y ei,d we_ ei
qu end recognition of the independence of the new States things went on thus disageeeably, until one morning, at breakfast, The plaintiff's ease closed a: a quarter before four, when eible to lift them front their lot, anti to shift the relations of society.
reeved there she declared their tempers could not assimilate, and that they should Mr. E. JOHNSON addrened the Jury on behalf of Colonel Fitt- This was no sech Quixotic experiment tor altering the platfortn of
ned in that will be read with peculier interest:- of South America. e re. . part. 3lr. Monre was astonished at this, for there never was • gibbon. He said the Colonel had been but slightly provided for the social edifice ;it left the elatform and the pinnacle untouched,
RAVENNA, IFEnnrAaY 21, lfe2l. 31r. e. AlOuAt.!. moved the petition, which Was tO the r.ine in
read. The more indulgent husbane • one who had never denied her any res. by his Noble father, and how nuiney could hare been accumulated and only let down the light ot philosophy uron the humble walks
s found ne- oners at :he efforts
DEAR SIII-In the 44th pege, vol. 1. of 7" Travels Council, and set forth the mtiefaciton of the petiti . .
'enable wish. Ile declin.ed making a deed of separation. Ile sp. in the Bank in his name, Was.quite surprising, for the other side of life. This was the principle which guided the Edinburgh , -
epeirple re. (which nt to remove unwitte restrictions
you tamely sent mei, it ts stated that " hoed Byroo, when made by his 31ajesty's governme .
_e ed - pealed to bind Brandon, and others of her friends, and she appear. had not shewn that Colonel Fingibhon had any real property to School of Arta The Rev. Doctor here combated the idea that the
ea therm. lie expressed such confidence ot• its practicability, wenn to have upon trade, and gually to introduce sonnd and enligraten pun- _ e
ea eubsequently more improved in temper and manners. She support his rank. Punishment, he insisted, did not baring to the cultivation of mechanical philmophy was prejudicial to artisans in
n the letter f the count . It thte:stines on .
forgotten that Leander swam both ways, w'ith and against the tide ; ores into the commercial policy o ry . .
wished a lodge taken at Donmore ; this was granted. She wished b
ni unal before him. The Colonel's conduct had been that of • their employment. It had no such detrioratine influence. So
n Spain are whereas he (Lord Byron) only performed the easi.et part of the to declare the advantages o a .
f direct and unrestricted e with
he w d k
oul ta e his son to school the eomerlied• Rejoiced at this gentleman, who had not insinuated in his defence any thing in thc far from weakening exertien, it costirrned are inclination to labour.
imbassador task, by swimming with it from Europe to Asia." I certainly Buenos Ayres, Chili, Peru, Mexico, and Co n u, a
la bi 'nd then stain apparent change in her temper, he went to Doomore, concluding he remotest degree against Mre. or Mr. Moore. 'The School of Arts. he conceived, Was not adverse, but in the .
wing is an dud u n Bei.
could not have forgotten what is known to every sehool.boy, that that, independent of the various depredation* comin po h
would find lwr there ; she was not there. nor at Moore's Fort nei- lele R.Jon NsTON then generally replied to the arguments of the highest degree condecive to a wellwonditioned and well-etiolated 1..
I der crossed in the night, and returned towards the morning. tish commerce by the
.Spaniards in the (NW of Mexico, (for t e
thee ; nor was she at Baron Pennefathees. his cousin's, nor any Solicitoe-Gcneral. Colonel-Fitzgibbon, he remarked, renewed his state of the operative part of society. There was another aspect
Mee 24. Sly object was, to ascertain that the Hellespont could be triaKed at indemnification of which the late Cortes voted about 400.000/. at
neighbouring house. Benin flattered himself that all was safe, and intimecy with Ille and Mrs. Moore, while diewharging his duty in under which this Institution might be considered. It tended to
of Justice. all by swimming, and in this 111 r. Ebenhead and myself both Sue. the elope of the year 1822, but of which not one tart d g 1
hin has been her virtue unpolluted-least of all did he anticipate any ill from his the House of Commons, when they came to London. Mr. MOure the general elevation of plebeian habit% and plebeian understand-
ceeded ; the one in an hour and ten minutes, the other in one hour received by the British claimants, whose demands. un er t ie con. .
ain.General dear.rriend. At last her course was discovered bY Mr. eles friends. WAS absent in Ireland on indispensable businem Ile did not ings. Another of its most pleasing results was, the mutual kindli.
and five minutes. The tide was not in our favour ; on the con- vention between this country and Spain. dated the 12th of 31arch
On the Sunday after despatching her husband with her son, she mean to attribute anything culpable to Mr. ;Moore, while he said nem which it engendered between the lower and the higher classes. I .
I
tunications, ' trary, the great difficulty was, to bear up against the current ; 1823, amount to about 1,000.1.1001. tenting.) pee loners have to i
...2 on- th.el . fee , ordered and proceedol in a chaise wet her two lest born children. Mrs- Moore continued wholly unprotocted, and without a male or The gentlemen who had the arrangement of its details experienced
which, so far from helping us to the Asiatic side, set us down right state duet. in the month of September Ih2- , pa 1 oe
stnnetec and The defendant met her at Howth ; she got into his • e, re- female guardian. A continental journey was proposed. Mr. Moore delight of the purest kind, in all their intercourse with those under I.
with which towards the Archipelago. Neither Mr. Ebenhead, myself, nor, the city of 31arricaibo by the Spam
' *sh forces, under Deneral 510- •
mauled in it on deck during the voyage, and was slung. on s ein was not well able at the time to afford the mauls. The Colotal their charge. There was nothing deleterious in this Alunsaattoo:
Need. enter ritish ro Km therein to a very larWe
I will venture to add, any person on board the frigate, from Captain rates, the whole of the .le _l' .1 (by . ,
3u.r
..., - • eugd it. One servant demanded a discharge, and received it at Dover; could not have accompanied them without an invitation, and it it led to the purest co:din/eye They found them rational, kinely, ,
ft ahnow al. (now Admiral) Bathurst, downwards, had any notinn of a differ. amotent, and several Remelt Tenets in ltf,dharb
w''' • another at Dijon ; and the melanchole certainty was. that they should be recollected that the manners of the Continent necessarily and most companionable men. l'he rich and the Twor, he was '
. His Mit- of the current on the .Isiatic side, of which Mr. Turner speaks. contiecated, and the British mereitants a supercagon ana news
se were now living together on the Continent in open adultery. rhe
• increased an intercourse between the parties, which was truly a mis. convinall, would love one another the more they knew one another.
I never heard of it till this moment, or I would have taken the other of the vesrels were made prisoners ; many a athom died due
' out of the . . "'s melancholy and painful intelligence was cautiously broken to 31r. fortune. He adverted to the birth of a child at Soigne& and the Ile so highly prized these blessings, that he trusted they
course. Lieutenant Ebenhead's nee motive, and mine also, for their Jetestion, front the diseases incieent to the climate am the
nd condemn eloore by-his cousin, Baron Pennefather, but notwithstanding all arrangement of a new journey through South eVales, subsequently would make no change in their constitution which' was calculated
3 the habit •ved frotn the S nish autboritite.
setting out front the European side was, that the little Cape above inhuman treatment they recei pa .
this preparation for it, when the fact was imparted to hint, he fell to the meeting at Brighluo. All those circumstances, innocently. to dissever them front one another. Next to the Institutiune which
Vith a view Seaton was a more prominent starting place, and the frigate which They also refer to the ease of the Arab, laden with a cargo of Bri.
on the ground as if shot by a pistol, and remained in such a state he would admit, thrown in the defendant's way, had induced the incorporuted the spirit a the Goepel with the habits of eurkmen, t
his Mejesty lay below, close under the Asiatic castle, formed a better point of tish property, which Was Wm
I rded at anchor near Piero on the coast
. '. - . h. for a considerable time, that fean were justly entertained for his crime. Colonel Fitzgibbon conies forward, deploring the event, those mechanical schools were best ealealated to engage the phi. e
h his inten. view for us to move towards ; and, in fact, we landed immediately of Peru by the Royalist& in the nmeth of June test. ann ootn s ip
liN in the first instance, and next for his senses. These were the and there was a great difference between his conduct and that of a lanthropy of enlightened men. He concluded ley moving, that tbe
made to ten. below it. ele Turner %eye, a• whatever is thrown into the etreant and cargo. amounting in value to 40,00 e/.. werh, co.r.fiarated by thtei
_ sineple facts. which were owned to, and admitted by the defendant, libertine. who gloried in his crime. The object of a 'Nobleman Ire- Report lie approved of, and that it he ordered to be printed li.al
always dis- on this part of the European bank, mutt arrive at the Asiatic Spanish authorities, and two BritiAh etihJeer.e tcte• talaePhera°n"' in sutliering judgment to go by default, and the Jury were then quently is to make a great head of • family, who often swallowed cameo, d mmHg; the members of the Inantution.
iuently, that shore." This is so far front being the case, that it mast arrye in Mr. Armstrong, the supercargoes) mat pet
le posers. assembled to awn the damages. The Learned Solicitor-General up the property of the younger branches of it. That, he said, wan Sir WA I.TE a SCOTT said, that the duty of seconding the um. i '
ersation and of this trade in the followin
the Archepelago if left to the current, although a strong wind from The petition states the value g argued with great ability se to the sulln which the Jury should al_ the situation of the Colonel. There was here everything acciaental tion was impoeed on him since he entered the room, but atter what
le adjutants the Asiatic side might have such an effect occuionally. terms :- ow for ••ri -s thus sustained be a much-wronged husband. What and natural, and in des ease nothing to aggravate or enhance da- they had just heard it was unnecessary tiir him to occupy the time
'retest care, Mr. Turner attempted the paseage front the Asiatic side, and .., It impetus, bv documents presented to P •
&Clement In March I tree (-
wealth, he asked, could purchase that of which he was deprived ? magee, which would be best apportioned to the true nature of the of the meeting. lI e warmly approved of the Institution, because 1 .
' disobey his failed ; "after five-and-twenty minutes. in which he did nut ad- last, that the official value of exports., of British produce, dur. Could his happiness, could his honour, could the peace of his °Fence. he considereel it would as great a crime to hide knowlige nom the
vance a hundred yards, he gave it up, teem complete exhaustion." ing the year 1819, amounted to 36.64.029/. ea Id-, and in the children, be restored ? What! satisfaction f-no, it was punish. The Assessoa addressed the Jury.with impartiality; the Court people, as it would be to hide the sun from them if they Ind thin
This is very possible, and might have occurred to hint just as year 111 M, to 46,452,6131. 13s. Ode a conriderable portion of which .
ment on the delinquent wlech should be inflicted. He appealed to was then cleared, and, &flee deliberating for • short time, the Jury power. After the principles which hal been so eloquently re- ,
readily on the European Ride. I particularly stated, aid 31r. Hob- vast increase rnay be Attributed to the extension of the trade with
the Jury as impartial and feeling men, and left the case in their found a verdict for the pleintiff of Siai Thousand Pounds Loaves, planed, it was not necessery for him to add attother wore dew iiiii(-
irdera touk house has done so also, that we were obligee to mske the real pas- Sow h A maim and 31 vele°, which a few men :To did not exist. heeds. with costs. ply to second the motion.
nee of tile :::ige of one mile extend to between three and four, owing to the And that in the year 1822, the direct exports ot Brinell produce and .
1,1 m. Above, Esq. sworn, was examined by 111 r. BENNETT, - 3lr. JEFFREY-They must all feel that they hail not ins.
plundered, force of the strewn. I can assure Mr. Turner that his success mauufacturee to three carts amounted to 3,867.9 We wen, in the .. -
eee united re.u.-Ile said lie was brother of the plaintiff, and proved the cer- THE COUNT LINSINGE.V'S SEAT. charged their duty if tlwy separated without returning thanks to •
would have given me great pleasure, as it would have added one year MM. to 3,1143.769/. Whilst the Government e. t .
sures Veere tifieate of the nisrriage of the plaintiff to Miss Diana Woodcock, _ennes.--_ _ , , . tho.e meritorioue individuals to whose exertions they were prima.
niore instar.ce to the proofs of its practicability. It is not quite fair States of North Anonica is every year impaing addittonal duties oa BIREFIELD LODGE.-Tnts lovely retreat, which has been •
in future ; in him to infer, that bemuse he feiled. leender could not succeed. manufactured goods (which sre now so high as to operate almost at Enfield church, in England, on the 26th of March, 1814; the rib, indebted for the success of this Institution ; lie meant Dr. , •
the admiration of the fashionable world for years peat, we find is •
witness is in the navy ; had been abroad ; teturned ifl 1816; slrs. nee, 31r. Buchanan, the Rev. A. :Wilson, and Mr. Dick. When
It, and the There are still four instances on record ; a Neapoeitan, a young as a total prohibition to many of the most important fabrics of this announced for public sale this mouth by Abe ti. Robins. The
3loore's tint child is living ; he saw 3lr. and Mrs. Moore two years they took into comideration the inadequate remuneration which the
of serious Jew, Mr. Ebenhead, and myself : the two last were in the presence country), it is especially desirable to cultivate the most intimate after the marriage, in 1817, at Donmore, and never saw a more house is delightfully situated about one mile from the respectable limited funds of the Institution allowed those gentlemen tor their
rrespondent of hundreds of English weevers:. With regard to the difference and extensive connexion with the other mates of America, where lumpy or united couple; he observed the same in 11118 and in 11119, town of Ipswich ;it is placed in a fine commanding situation, lectures, and the time and labour occupied not only in the leetures,
of the current, I perceived none; it is Nvourable to the swimmer on we find the population deposal to consume oar various menu- st aml has always been the distinguishing feature of thie part of the
correspond- in . !pore's Fort, county ot• Tipperary ; he knows the defendant ; but in the preparation of their experiments, it wouhl be at once
neither side, but may be stemmed by. plunging into the sea a con- factures to an mace limited only by their means of paying for county ; it oveylooks a great extent of beautifully Federated land,
was worth eiderable way above the opposite point et the valet, which the the same." They say that they are not in possomon of do- he is, he believes, the second son of the late, and brother of the admitted that they were anions the higheet contributors to this be.
including in its progress some of the moat interesting scenery that
nresent Earl of Clare; in IMO and in 1821, he NM a change et 'nineteen. Those only. who attended the lectures could estimate
.rlcct of the swimmer wishen to make, but still bearing up against it. It is cuments to enable them to declare the value of the export% s England can boast of; the park meadows almost approac.h the
• Irs. hloore's manner • she was dissatisfied, and wiehed to go to the laborious duties in which those persons were eneaged ; and
he English, strong, but, if you calculate well, you may reach land. sly own from the port of Liverpool alone since the year 1320 ; but they ran England ;in 1022 she. aepeared discontented in London ; Mr. river Orwell, the moving scenery of which, at high water, gives a when they farther considered that they were petsons eminently qua.
:of his Ma- experience, and that of others, bid% me pronounce the passage of state, that during that ant! the thtee succeeding years, no Ins than 3loore was then with her in London, and continued his attentions delightful variety to the panorama that is presented on the con- Idled for other pursuits that might have been more beneficial to
Leander perfectly practicable; any young man in gotod health, and Vie vessels have cleared out from thence for various ports in North ttary direction.. The mansion is constructed of the finest Suffolk
11adrid that to her ; he expressed unbahiminess at finding his wife discontented; themselves, but who, from a sense of benevolence. devoted their
with tolerable skin in swimming, might succeed in it from either and Sault America, formerly under tne dominion of Spain and hie appearance was eerts. s, presenting an edifice which, for its external beauty and in-
i y that of a men who was unhappy ; he brim talents to those lectures, they might then duly estimate the mega.
movement in side. I was three hours in swimming ACIAMS the Tagus, which: is Portugal, containing an aggregate burden of 136,432 tons ; and ternal arrangements, may safely challenge competition. -The first ,
went to Ireland respecting his akin ; the rents were not paid, tude of the benefin they had conferred on the establishment. Fur
ie Spanish much inure hazardous, being two hours longer than the passage of that during the five months ot' the present year, 124 Teasels, f roud record of the manifest good tasteof the respected owner is '
°- owing to his absence ; his rental is 5,000/., and after conning over to P thew exertions, the only rewanl they had to bestow lett the ex-
eliately for the Hellespont. Of what tr.3v be done in swimming, I shall men. *24,07 tons bunlen, have already sailed for the same deatination. collect his rents he returned after between two or three months, as to he met with at the Park entrance, where the Lodge presents a pression of their gratitude. It was the most appropriate currency
y. All tlie thin one more instance. In 1818. the Chevelier Mingaldo (a gen- Between the 6th of January, 11119, and the sth January, 1820, the mon as he got ;he money ;he went to, and returned from Ireland design "classical and good, as natundl v incline to a roost favourable in which they could pay such senate. and would, he was sure, be
itleman of Bassano), a good swimmer, wished to swim with my actual value of exports of cotton goods from the port of Liverpool impression of the residence. It is difficult to decide whether the
The Com- a second time ; he then returned on receiving a later from Mts. of more value than any other reward to those on whom it was be.
friend, Mr. Alexander Scott, and myself. As he seemed earticu- to the United States of America was 11/32,020e.; during the same architectural design and exceedingly comfortable arrangement of
ere to leave larly anxious on the subject, we indulged him. IVe all three period, to Brazil, Buenos Atme, Monte Video, Chili, and the 3loore ;he remained but two days in London after that, and then stowed. Ile concluded with proposing that the meeting should
of the mansion, or the extraordinary good judgment that has
went with 3lrs. McKim to the Chntinent. At the end of Slay 11123, rote their high approbetine of the zeal and ability with which Dr. .
started from the island of the Lido, and sweat to Venice. At the en- West Coast of Amerien, 1152,654/. ; and, in the following year, directed the disposition of the grounds preponderate. Ibe ap- •
witness eaw them at Moore's Fort ; Mrs. Moore's appearance and Fyfe, 3lr. Buchanan, 3lr. Wilson. and Ala Dick, NC discharged
bet. of Peers trance of the Grand Canal, Scott and I were a rod way &sliced, to the former, Lierl.2o6/. 2.5. ; and, to the latter, 1,111,5741. 135.; demeanour was totally changed then ; she appeared to have lost all preach is through the luxuriant plantation:and park, rendered 1 their ditties as lecturen, ter which they were entitled to dm Wasik*
.ction of the anl we saw no more of our Toreign friend ; *bleb, however, was of exhibiting. in a striking point of view, the value to Great Britain . sort of interest in her children, her husband, or his family ; Mr. more beautiful by its irregular and circuitous route. The lawns of the sabscribers.
no consameace, as there leas a. gondola to hold his clothes, and of the export cotton trade to the Portuguese and Spanish American , and shrubbcy walks present a little wilderness of the choicest in .v
nt streets of , Moore is now at 3loore's Fort ; he never saw Mrs. Moore since. ma ..AIRNE seconded the motion.
pick him up. Scott swam on till rat. the Rialto, where he got out, States. evergreens and fiowenng shrubs, encountering at every turn an
I Some arguments were advanced here by Counsel, relative to the Mr. Wanon moved that 31r. John Wood, advocate, and Mr.
is living, int less from fatigue than chill, haying cern four houre In the water, Several Gentlemen alarmed the meeting, emrmg when' wa" i form of the following queoion :- infinity of American plants, of the most rare and estimable kind : Samuel Macon, agricultural iinplement maker. be appointed Di.
without rest, or stay, except what is to be obtained by floating on General D'Eyerette, who has been nominsted by Bolivar Ambits. ; from this 'Ferrestrial Paradise. the freelance that is mewed forth in
3lr. BENNETT, K.C.-You saw your brother in May 1823, and sectors in room of the two who go out by rotation.
t Monsieur one's back-this being the condition of our performance. I con- sador from Colombia to the Courts of Russia, Denmark, art(' I what has been hill state since then ? all directions may be conceived, but it will not be attempted to de. Mr. COCK sr Rw, in seconding ma motion, sxid that he did not a
tang the in- tioued my couree on to Santa Chiara, comprising the cc hole of the Sweden ;he was hailed with loud and genera.' applause. Ile gave , Mr. eloure raid he never saw a man in a state of greater wretch- scribe. 'fhe Park ie disposed in a manner somewhat novel, but know two individuals •lio were more peculitirlit calculated to sup.
Grand Canal (bnide the distance front the Lido), and got out a gratifying account of the spirit . which a: . eted the people of .
the anneal einem, quite differing from leis usual disposition. Mrs. bloom had certainly in conformity to need taste ! e,he elemes of !reel I.lre ply the place of the two Director% who had gone out, than Mr.
/
where the Laguna once more opens to Fusina. I had been in the eouth America in the cause of liberty and inelependence. That , scattered about in pleasing neg tgence. value a ruzunant plantation e
six children • the two eldeet daughters, his third and fourth child- 1 ood and Mr. Moiqon. With respect to Mr. Wood, he was not
way of ex- water, by my watch, without 'tele or rest, and never touching immense continent, free from the fangs of olpanish tyranny, and , rew were . .
nom' , the first early in January, 1817, the second daughter walk forms a circle to the whole; in fine, it were impossible to sure that many eentleitien here had seen the charity-ehool in Leith
Ise two new ground or boat, four hours and twenty minutes. To this match, slavery for ever abolished., opened her immense territory to Lnglish . select a place that partakes of so much variety and beauty, in a
in 11119; they then lived on veil happy terms, and he never saw Wand, of wliich Mr. Wood, though not the teacher, was quite
✓di Artois ; mid during the greater part of its perfornutnee, Mr. Hoppner, the eapitel, English knowledge, Fe , .
othsh iniinstrv. and above all to
- ' ' , greater attachment from a mother to her children ; Mrs. Moore is circumscribed domain of 212 aces. The vinery and peaeltery are well known to be patron and real manager. If there was any pet-
me. These Consul-General, was witness, and it is well known to many others. English freedom. (Cheers.) The gallant General addressed the
e• a very beautiful woman, now about XI. 125 feet long, the giudens extensive, and the out-offices of ever
y son who had not seen it, he would &dein them n,et to allow macy
Mr. Turner can easily verify the fact. if he think* it worth while, meeting at mime length,. but want of room compels us to omit di description of the first meter. ear's to pan befere they paid it a visit. The impression it
the race for Cross-examined by
.Mr. 11. Jon NSON, IC.C.-The defendant seto-e•-se
by terming to 31r. Hoppner. The dist ince we could nut accurately remainder of his observations. was a Representative in Parliament for the county of Limerick had made on his mind would not be seeeetily etfeeed. There was
year during satyr' tun • it was of mune considerable. The petition having been carried with aeslamatioa, and thank
- ---° and is so still ;in about March, 1112 e at d • th bee f M
' t On Tuesday afternoon, a fine young man, named Jonas
• th not a Mere beautiful or intervening spectacle to be seen among the
regnlationt I CHlSs'ed the Hellespont in one hour and ten minutes only. voted to the Mayor, the meeting broke up. "` 1 11° c I lice° -7. Osborn was killed by &Bine ong a uarry at Cowcaddens, in e
' Moore, 31n. eloore was confined ;he should think during the , - q• • . • warmed town olden of this, or, perhaps, any other city. Ile confeseed, that •.
that every lam DOW ten year% older in tiene, and twenty in constitution than month of April ;on his arrival she was down stairs ; while at Flo. nei hbourhood of Glasgow. Ile was reclining in an enclosure, he aould not soon recover from the surprise which he felt ohm He
I Was when I possed the Dardanelles. and yet twet years ago I was Berl, Parks, when tbe kee r
pe gave hint chum In trying to escape,
of the mime nitre his brother wrote to hint that Colonel Fitzgibbon was with 8 • entered the more, of a humble, to be sure. and ineun appearance.
capable of swimming four hours and twenty minuets ; and lam We yesterday received Papers from New York and them ;he often mentioned him in his letters as a very great friend; • • •le 1 h - I•h • • •le
he leaned a sti c ose tot e quarry wne • giving way tn ta grasp,
h ' ''dd' ed al • - i but crowded with young eighteen of the lowee ranks, many of
tt wins the sure that I could have continued two hours longer, though I had .
doston to the 9th elt. (being five days later than those he heard that the Colonel left them at Mrs. Mooreat confinement he was precipitated tot e bottom, an i most instantaneous y. di...m. isdee .. •s
it i rags, but all in the higheet degree cheer' 01, happy,
Angouletv e on a pair of trowsers--an aecoutinticnt which by no means assists -Edinburgh Paper
.
which arrived on Saturday) tend from Washington, Bal. !at Soignee ; when 3lr. eloore letl his wife in London. it was from and contented. Ile here beheld operations in mental arithmetic
H'W OT mare the performance. My two cohnpailion% were also four hours in the , Accenewr -This mond between eleven
! necessity, and on account of his affairs; Ala :dome, tip to the pe. II 0 RIIIBLE . • nll, . . performed with a rapidity and aectiewy, almost approaching to in-
t ter. Their el Ci id h hI Th •
water. 3lingaldo might he about thirty years of age, Scott about , more, an is eston to te7 t u 4 ev contain a , riod of his going abroad, wall always the receiver of his own rents, and twelve o'clock, a most heart-rending scene presented melt. in tuition-a degree of minute and correri geographical knowledge, far
num, --3,C 25,
six.and-twenty. With this experience of swimming at different I communication, dated Alva I M h Thomweastreet, St. Thames Hospital. A poor woman, of the
e institution aildrealed l° ' and until an onler et:Court came down by legal process, and in extending any knewledge that wie, acquire,' in the schools even of
periods of ege, not only on the spot, but elsewhere, of various per- Mr. Taylor, United Statee Cs nsul, at 1,3 Vera Cruisp,,obL . coosequence of I:is absence. ...; name of Galloway, wife of a fellowship-porter, residing in Thanwts. the higher ranks ; and in the reading of Eoglish, the greatest pm. '
ernselves.- sons, what is there to make me doubt that Leanders exploit was the Secretary of War and Marine, stating that "no - John Bolton Menem, Esq. sworn, and examined by the Soetcr. street, Rankside, had been to obtain !Mit eye-water, and return- 1 prlety and simplicity, suet as would have done honour to children .
perfectly practicable ? If three individuals did more than pass- ing homewanl, met in the street the mang ed an
1 d dead body of ..
(includine tit that are not prohibited) would be 'gear- ! TORAIENEDAL.--Lives near the plaintiff ; their demesnes nearly sn the highest eituetions of society ; and with all this there was
re eives the , mg the Hellespont, why should he bare done less ? But 31r. re
ee ....- e . join ; lie No known Mrs. Moore ',even or eight years ; a great intt- her child, a fine boy, two years old. The wretched pare.nt had left combined the most cheerful and happy dispositioes; so that he .
Tomer failed, and naturally seeking a plausible excuse for his Mitted to be landed on any part tne coast, um er w t- the child in the care of • neighbour, who had taken it, together
ates to have ! m always existed between witnen's and Mr. eloore's family ; might say, it was altogether one of the mmt interim ing and beau.
failure, lays the blame on the Asiatic side of the Strait. To ever flag the vessel may be if they are brought from ports ; bese,Le with another of the same age, to the wharf, near the Southwark
trch, and to ght they lived very happy in 1819 ; when he went to reside tiful spectacles, which the science of modern enlightened benevo.
me the cause is evident :he tried to smelt directly across. in. under the dominion of ;he Spanish llovernment. The at his estate in Dll7, and as long as he knew them, until she went gae-works, and was sitting near a waggon just loaded with timber. lence liad ever exhibited. The whole of this was brought about
I the ISth stead of going higher up, to take the vantage. He might term of forty days shal
.1 be allowed vessels proceeding * away, they seemed very happy ; he was a very indulgent husband; and not yet secured, the children playing about her, when, horeible solely by the merits of his friend Mr. Wood. whit, in devoting so
at corvettes. as well have tried to en over Mount Athos. o detail ! one of the pieces of tiniber fell. The woman ;taw It in
from the American Continent, to return to their ports of she appeared to take pride in her children ;it wns quite her hobby t . - many years to the eche:aeon of thole poor children, could have
Ito the Pa- That a young Greek of the heroic times, in love, and with his ~ . iat that ume; he hsd no doubt that a great friendship subsisted dh• I f h
monon, an on t e impu se o t e moment caught at the child
illy fable.- I f hs if f o Euro bt t 1
limbs in full vigour, might have racceeded in such an attempt, is destination ; ant our mont f 111 pe ;uat be , between the plaintiff and the deterelunt. In 11122, and during the nothing else
near her, and drew it from destruction ; the other in an inetant lay and the in view than the rich rewanl of his own coo:wiener,
gratitude of those who were the objects of his ease. With
neither woedelful nor doubtful. M'bether he attempted it er expiration of these two periods, from the publication here- I disturbances, it Wl6 hardly possible to get the means of exist- beneath the ponderous mass, completely ermhed to atoms ; one of regard to 3lr. 3lorton„ it was not necessary to say so much. Ile ..
not is another question, because he might have had a mull howl, of, they shall be declared a good prise." I nice; witness himself, in consequence of the state of the country, the arms was chopped from the trunk ; the body was taken tee - •
was mut only a constructor of machines. but he was an inventor :
uen, to the tome. him the trouble. Thurseay a public dinner was given to Mr. O'Connell Mary's Ward, in st. Thomues Hospital, where an inquest will
I was obliged to come over. After her return from the Con , , . , .
' tinent and by the application of' mechanical principles to practice, had be.
dr in, cont- I am, yours, very truly, BYRON. be held. The feelings of the poor woman, to wno permitter
at the Corn Exchange, Dublin, Colonel Butler in the Ihe called to see 31n. Moore; she would not see him ; before that come en illustrieus in his line, that it would be pmumption in
re the port. P.S.-Mr. Turner says that the swi 111 l ning front Europe to Asia
Chair. Nearly :300 persons are raid to have sat down to • i
she was always at home when he called. me mome is shengee blame attaches, are harrowing be7ond measure. hilt, (Mr.(%) to ley any thing in his praise. He could not but
el until the was "the easiest part of the task." 1 doubt whether Leander ~ I'n manner and looks for the worso ; his spirits are quite gone. Foseray or FOURTELN rI101!SANI) POUNDS.-IVitll- prove an acquisition as a director of a mechanical rollout.
acl the same found it so. as it was the return ; however, he had several hours i
t Itiiter. Andrew Armstrong, Egg. eI.D. sworn, proved that he had been In the last few days a forgery to the amount of 14,8011. has been The Lonn Paovosr observed, that he had an opporturity of
tee • 1 The arenmeent of Mr. T.-that higher PRICE or Patsy! me oss AT PARIS.-The price of bread the medical attendant of 31r. Moore; attended Mrs. Moore, at practised on the Exchequer Loan Office. We understand a check knowing. that mr. Woud, sinee he WU appointed encritlof Pee.
between an a s.
up or lower down the strait -widens so coneiderebly, that he for the first fifteen eays of June is fixed at five-pence balf..l eloore's Fen, wlfich is within five milee of his residence, vie, the f 1 41.01 • and on that co i d note meat and eeneficiel reforms in the school% there
was drawn by the Secretary for the sum o , . , 14
.., 1,, , ,•• . . . •
nuary, eon- world save little labour by les starting," is only good for in- penny the loaf of four pounds. Allmon and beef is six- he attended Mee Moore rofesetonall on her Gentlemm leaving town, it was placed in the hands of one of the Mr. Fousv it it moved the thanks of the meeting to the Direc-
teen of Tipperary t. p y . .
1:a had been difffirent swimmers. A man of avy practice or skill will always
nence halfpenny and sevenpenee ; veal from ninepence 1 •
' tint and second conhnetuents; he had repeated opportunitin of Wt. principal clerks of the office. Whale the Secretary was thus ab- tors. Ile con•iderid such institutioes as the School of Arts to be .
Chili with consider the distance less than the strength of the stream If • ing how they lived, which Was on the most affectionate and friendly sent, the jerk to whom it was entrusted for purposes connected an exteneion of the spirit of our =seems in the establishment of . .
ta ten nee. Fowls from half-a-crown to three shillings I t„ms. .
Ebenhead and myself had thought of crossing at the narrowest Pc At the latter end of 1823, he was called in to vaccine two with the Wee, converted the " fourteen hundred ' into " thon- parish schools ; which had bestowed on many Scotsmen hawk' •
tnarched to shilling each, se-lof the younger children, and. Wila then consulted respecting Mrs. sands" by th: adeition of a figure. and ingeniously altering the for one, their beat patrimony, (duration. The effect me: th'ese roof.
ad retreated * Mit dof going up to the Cape above it we should have a piece. Mackerel from eightpence to a
pomt, t ea , . ,
been swept down to Tenedos. fhe strait is, however, not extreme con mg to size an res nem.
e • df h c m • se il I eloore's health. She Was In a bad state of health. Ile ordered word " hundred" in the body of the check. The einem'. how- institution., was, that while the students Wert engaged in immune.
.ree n peas ar. a en to i
dinerily wide, even where it broadens above and below the eeL.pe„ee a quart. Vegetables in general are dear. 'The :hi e rjd
u, .
rengtheuing medicines. a culd-bath, and sea-bathing for her. On ever, was paid. without suspicion,* that " lynx-eyed" node, the punnet*, their morals wale improved. The Tiatu/SI tendency of .
. Papers say, forts. As the frigate was stationed some time in the Dardanelles, r c ber 1823 lie was called in to vi It Bank of En land • and the de. r ' imam the booty. , • * teen •th tbe con. ue ce
fine weather of the lint three or four days encourage hopes , . Nctr 'th ' 61,...,. git •ir. M"re, • ed. ei ief 1; et edetoe, on II . . tech estahlohneents was to increase the sI, . •et n ,
melte away waiting for the firman, I bathed often in the Strait, subsequeetly
0_
I a reduction in prices. whom he Nun 'trete ed on the eeeee &greened by his screams, mun tat y te e countrye it is
.supposed for America! The the glory of our native laid, and 11l .1 e same time te reacted hap-
quite insensible. len examining he found him in an apoplectic fraud Was not diseov until the secretary returned to London ; peewee among all classes. He wss sorry.that Ns own oceepsimos
to our Inject, and generally on the Asiatic side, without perceiving 1
anction was As Professor Wilson and family. of Edinburgh, who I state; when eight or ten ounces of blond were taken from his arm upon the ascertaining of which a Board was immediately con. lead prevrnted hen from attending to an metitution of whieh lie m
the greeter strength of the opposing stream, by which Ale Turner
•h in poor-. palliate% his own failure. Our ainueement in the small bay, *hall are art present residing on , ~
the hanks of Windermere were a few . lie s ece to him. His pulses were a little quickened, but at the vened, but the bird had flown. and beyond the reach uf imme- highly approved ; but he felt great satisfaction in movimobothankm e
a or not ire opens immediately below t. .
he isiatic fort, was to dire for the eine days ago, proceeding to make a cell on T. de Qiiineey, Lag. o same titee em
.es. ,
f IN.
d r iced and indicated more of Op4l eel h f' i (1. hen • C d M't
t yt an aunt be, late appre MOM-. /4/1 ay ono or. of the meeting to those who did their duty been. ;
eof banish - turtoises, which we flung in on purport, as they emphibionsly Fox Gyll, Ambleeitle, in un open. ear, they . .
escaped troin an acre Ile coneidered it a dangerous case; he helped film about the room, el ult DEE AN]) SC I elne..-At Potsdam, in this State, an Deacon li•srsuli II A It Moved the thanke oe the meeting to Mr.
s quite suf- cenwled along the bottom. This does not argue any greater violence deist w ic .
h' h might hnve moved Wl' 1111 l S. On amending a, steep lull, and in 15 minutes alter he saw he wan failing inseesible to the Engliahman, named Jomieph Prince, a labourer, murdered hi* wife, llorner, whoee exertions he could not metend to speek of is Mit.
of h le 1 ound front
ot• current than on the European shore. With regard to the atter crossing the river Rothay, the spliuter-barhe .te ve se, e ure gr a second attack. Ile became a good deal alarmed, and by cutting her throat with a razor, and then hung himself with quare terms, and which Muse only who wnnessed them cooed tidlp
c.) every on e !Ur 11. ant•- mode medicines to tr and re-animate hire hut handke hief affixed to a TI inurd and suicide t k appreciete. '
modest insinuation, tint we chme the Ettropean side, as ''' !Miff." fortunately broke, which disienwagrd it froin t hour, end gave eleve ,e• , .! sPe .. . Y _ ._ , • .rc . •
las to thine I appeal to Mr. Hobhouse and Admiral Bathurst if it be trete or the carrier liberty to descend beckwards, which it did with great 1 o hts knowledge, f
or twenty years ne had never been attacked in place in the woods, near the village, an the iss were not ound
led
beiexl f nn
* Mr. Comtarax observed, that he -d eh* dal
suppos. al Wag atCOll
etre ets *nil no? (poor Ebenhead being since dead). Had we been aware of velocity, i rowing 3 summertet over Alerted Mrs. Wilton and three the same way before. The witnesa added, that Mr. Moore cone- for several days. They were both ignorant, in abject povaty, ad- by very person in the room. (Applause.)
people had a s any such difference of current. as is asserted, we wou iat eas . e
II 1 t' f their ehildren, non, of whom, we We harpy to hear, reeived any need so ill, lie Was obliged to 'villain in the house that night. I dieted to drunkenness, and frequently gave evidence of the want of The motion% were all agreed to unanimously.
uninoleste A have roved it. End were
.not y g
likel to have iven it uip in the injury, if we except a few elight contusions which the Professor Baron Pennefather and the Rev. Mr. Moore were there at the time. I mutual affection, without which weileted ette is misery in all its Thank,' beino voted to the Lord Provost tor his cantina, it; the I
received Caledonian .llereory. The state of 31r. Moore appeared to him wild and exuaysgant be- horrid forms......lmcriran Paper. Chair, the IlleetAng broke up.
25 minutes of late Turner a own experiment.
.
..
_
• - .
--• . .
