t . ).

vices which he renders to the Emperor, as a Minis-
ter, some important operations ate frequently en-
trusted to him relative to the wants of the army.
" Finkenstein, where the Empetor I.as fixed his
residence, in order to have his head-quarters nearer
to the station of the army, is a very fine castle, built
by M. De Finken,tein, Governor of Frederic fl.
and at present belongs to M. Von Dahna, Great
Marshal of the Court if Prussia.
'l'he cold weather has again wt in for these
two days ; the thaw is the only symptom we have
of the Spring; the earliest shrubs do not yet proscnt
the least sign of verdore.'"

SEVENTY-SECOND BUI.I.ETIN OF 111 E GRAND
ARMY.

PIRICERSTLIS, APRIL 23.

" The opera inns of Marshal Monier have had
the desired circa. The Swedes were so inconsi-
derate as to cross the river Peene, to advisee upon
Anclam, and Demmin, and to move towards Passe-
walk. On the 16ris, before break of day, Marshal
Monier assembled his troops, advanced from PAM.
walk, on the road to Anclam, overthrew the posts
at Belling and Ferdinandshoff, took 400 prisoners,
and two pieces of cannot. entered Anclam at the
same time wnli the enemy, and made himself master
of the bridge on the Peene.
.‘ The column of the Swedish General Carden
win cut off. It remained at Uskermunde when we
were already at Anclam. The Swedish General in
Chief, Arm's-Idt, has been wounded by a gape shot.
All the enemy's magazines are taken.
cnlumn of G-neral Garde% which has
been cur off, was attacked on the I7th, by the (iris.
of Brig id, Veen. near Uckermunde, when the tile-
n.y lost three pieces of cannon, and 500 men, which
*ere taken. The rest estaped by getting on board
the gun-boats in the Hair. Two snore pieces of
cans in, and Ina men, vane taken near Demmin.
" Baron Von Essen, who commands the Swe-
dish army dining the alnenee of General Armfeldt,
prnpos d Jr. Arznist•ce CO General Monier, inform-
ing h errs that the K'ng had granted him a special
power taconcltt 1, tine sew!. A peace, or eV,LAI an
at mi4tice granted t Sweden, would Accomplish the
most sanguine wishes of ea: Ernpror, who has al-
way s Inca very I to carry on a war against
a generous a:.‘l:4ave nition, which, u,n.sn local and
;winker grottridn is the friend of France. ;bust
Swedish tilicd enher to prote& or to subvert
the o,toman Linpire ? Is it to How for maintaining
the balance, er for supporting the slavery of the
sea.? Lis Swedi:n t' fear from Frarce ?
Nothing. hit has si eti fear from Russia
Every thing. These rctoor.s are too evident not to
promnt an enlightened Cabinet, and a nation %bids
possesses clearness of mind and independence of
opmirin to nut a speedy snap to the ts tr. Imme-
dran•ly after the !ysitli of Jeri, the Emperor in rde
ki.own his ih!,.ire to restore the ancient rtl..tions be-
tween Sweden Ft:it:it. These brat OVet.ttres
were MA Ae to re! Sieednh Minister at Harnbistgh,
lsut repthd. ; t.e Emperor constantly directed his
Georrils to treat the Swedes as n lends, with whnro
w • ale at variance, and with whom we shill sot,n
be reconciled, from the nature of things. B +old
the true interest of both na:inns. • •If they did us
st.y• liarrn, they would regret it ; and we, on our
part, ,hould nish to repair tire wrong which we rosy
hays done them. The interest of the State will at
last rise supen•ir to all diffetessces and petty qua"-
rels; These wete the Ltriptror's own words, in Lin
ordws. Arimated by such sentiments, the Em-
peror ordered the miltrary operations for the siege
of Stralsund. to be discontinued,. emir khe mortars
and cannon which were sent frinn Stettin for that
pu rinse, to be scot back. He wrote to General
Monier in the following words: • I already regret
what bas been done. I em sorry that the flue
suburb of Stralsund is burnt. Is it our business to
• hurt Sweden ? This is a mere dream. It is our bu-
siness to protea, not to do her any injury. In the
latter, let us be as moderate as possiole. Propose
to the Governor of Stralsund an Armistice, or a ces-
sation of hostilities, in order to ease the burden, and
lessen the calamities of a war, wlsikh i consider as
wicked, because it i. inipolitie.' On the Bth, the
Armistice was coneuded between Marshal Met-
tier and Bayou Von Lbien. Annexed is a Copy of
the Articles. _

Mete the Att:dcs futlow
fi The siege of Dtntzie is contained without in-
terrnption. Annt-xed is the repo:t of the iniiitAry
opetaions at that place. (rkii report is omittedin
Dmica Gazette, hying of importaive only to military
tura.)
" Oa ate 16th Apia, at eight in the evening, a
detachment of 300 u men 1:4-,m the grarison of Watt
a.ivAncei with six pieces of canton, against the
riAln wing of :he post of Frank: On the
following slay, the I 7:`l, at bre4k nt J tp, anther
column, of 800 men, marched IrDin Saberberg.
'l,...esc troops, alter t'nlr jlinetion, advanced up-n

- • •
rt kettstein, and cern," 'need an vt.t_ic, at five in

the morning, with an i-ii2ation to attack Gcn. Letzvrei,
1.7!.0 was po•ted there wi:li his Cops of Cif.screation.
Yrti.ce Jerome at off I: ord iNfuns;crbcrg when the
fi•:t grin Was 'fired, and arrived at Frankenstein At
10 in the morning. The enemy WAS com,iletely
d: •persed, and pursued to tie covered way cd Clot 7..
hundred ot them were taken, together with tli!ee
pieces of cannon. One Niajoi and Officers
are arnovg the prisoners; three hundred Then were
lett dead on the field of battle c four :tn.:tired men,
that had escaped in the wood., Wert attodad and
taken, at eleven in the forenoon. Buckets, com-
manding the 6 h B iyarian Rezitnent ot the Line,
and Col. Schottenstein, of the temberg troops,
have done wonders. The foen.er would not quit
the field ot battle, although he was wounded in
the shoulder ; he shewed himself every where at
the head ot hig battalion, and every where he per.
burned wortdars. Toe Emperor has granted to
each of ther Officers the Eagle of the Legion ot
Honour. tAptsin BrocklelJ, who provitunalty
crosswinds the Wurtember,,; horse dias,eirts, bas
likewise dust ngiii.itied hims:ll ; and it was ne who
took the several vieCea of CAli•V.i.
The Niege a N•isae is going on prosperowly.
Or, halt of the town is aurcady barn:, and ;he
trenches aid aprOA,:lring very neat the fortress."

vIVFKA• A VIII 22.
isaming is the subsrunce of she hairsess Fns.
p.:se.i to the Hung. rian Diet on ►h► 19:11.
6iAttei, is LIAM, hgeias aclulcwkdged the azce►tity
