SCOTCH SEQriSTRATIOIVS.

GiORGE CALLAN, Edinburgh, tinsmith ; at the Royal Exchange Coffee-
house, Etilubnrgh, April 20 and Nay 4, at /2.
01'4LT/tit WitsoN, Queensferry, Linllthgowshire, merchant; at Budge's
London Coffee-room, Edlaborgh, April 22 and May 5, at 12.
ALSIANDIS lOttiliTl/4 Alton, grain-pert:ham ; at the Tontine Inn,
Alloa, April ti and 22, at 2.
Jetta COAXAL and Co., tionitston, near Glalsow, brewers; at the
Slick Vial, Ulastgote, April II and 27, at 3.
nattflY OgiletnA, Stockbridge, builder; at the Royal Exchange Coffee-
house, Edinbttrgit, April 12.
Anson and Go. Laugholm, distillers at the Crown Ilia, Langboira,
Aprll $ and 17, at 1.
Moan and Wilms .11111sONT, Underwood, Stlrlingstdre, distillers ; at the
office of Messrs. Wright and At'Ewan, Stirling, April 20, at 11; sad at
the Black Bull, Glasgow May 4, at 12.
Jolla RTIIO and Co., Glasgow, merchants; at the counting-horse
of Messrs. and Media, Glasgow, April 22 and May 6, at 1.
AVIIIIBALD Nawatoorso and Co., Glasgow, linen-printers; at'tbe
Mad. Bull, Glasgow, April 10, at 12.
G. and IL PIOSAILD, 'Edinburgh, merchants; at the Royal Exchange
Coffee-homw, Edinburgh, April 7 and 24, ut 12.
OZORNe Cave, Redbenghs, coal-merchant; at the Royal Etc/Image

•
Coffee-horse.,Edinburgh, April 12, at 2.
Jon,: Ba ow v, Edinburgh, shoe-maker, at 111'Ewan's Roomi,
Edie-
burgh, April h and 20, at 2.
Jams WILLIAMSON sad Sow, Edinburgh. grocers; at the Royal Ex-
ekauge Coffee-bowie, Edinburgh, April 12, at IL.

.wright% at the Black Bull, Glruggulv,

April S andl7, at 1. -
Comm 01 is, Glasgow, merchant; at the Black Bull, Glasgow,
April 10, at 12.
Jsity BIPCIIANANI (deetansl), Cowle, Stlrlingshlre, distiller; at tZe

Coffeebouse, Stirling; April la, it I.
JOIVI Cut.Lna, Stirling, merchant; at Gibb'a Inn, Slitting, Aril !G.

and Hair.}, at 3.
-
Jorin aousov and Co Edinburgh, agents; at Drysdale's Tavern,
Edinburg . March 31 and An.rll 18, at 2.
Jun Koss, Held; ca=kproprietor ; at the Saracen's Head, Beith„
Aprin,attsll7. at 12. ,
ALEXAWOIK 110 888 T S S. Clalrtown, Ea:-spinner; at Low's Inn,
Kirkcaldy, April' and 12., at I.
Witt' re 0 °HAI Edlnbargb„ ppirit-raerchant ;at Dryidale's Tavern„
Edinburgh, March 30 aad April 14, WS 2.
S a and Ili;caaware, tiheriffmnir. Perthshire, distillers; at the
Saracen's Head, Stirling, April 12, at 1.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED. _

...
John Searle and George Neal, Bristol, comb-manufactunars—Jarnes
Wright and Joseph Pass, Dianchester, callenderers,—Andrew Sali•bney
and David Sallslniry, Nottingham, drapers—Esther Clarke and Amy
Lathy, Mutton, I/elm/hire, niannfacturen of and dealers in laee—John
Seale and Juhn Davey, Bigh Holborn, coacluinakerr—liobert
Mary Timm, Sherfleid, manufacturers of table knives—Wiillam Wood,
Sheffield, Jo...eph Allen, Longley, Eecletbeld, andltiehard Wood, Shelfinid,
ma4ter+, nine, spirit, aad porter-inercharits—Jobn 11111 en and Willmns
TI6.A. Gravesend, bankers—Richard Dickson, Henry Watson, and Wit-
-I.lam Fawilington, Alanchester, calico-printers—John IA-right and Francis
Hoyland, Staveley, Derbyshire, bru,h-manufacturers—John Pendleton
and Martha 'Karlin, Liverpool, stareli-msonfacturers—Zaeharlah Fosa.l
Ilarby and Charles Terry, Sone-lane, quill-merchants and ink-maneac-
turer4—Vl'illlam Good and Thomas Ellis, Poole, Dorset:Mire, linen-
drapers-0 verge Deakin and Robert Crockett, Sheffield, comb-ran:lase-
tnrers—Phlneas Peesball, James Law Junes, and Ga.ftei'Attgliltint
Brown, Yenaltureh street, tallow-ehandlars—John Gough and James
Clarke, Nottingham, lace-manufacturers—Peter Hannay and W::ilant
Little, Marlborough, drapers and tea-dealers—William Kaye, Ciragies
Baker, and John Gibson, Batley, West Riding Yorkshiee, bootsellers—
John Smith and John Copley, Burtomimon.Trent, upholsterers and cal.i-
oet-rnakem—Edniund Ronald, aid Nathaniel Ronald+, Upper name--
street, wholesale cheesemongers—John Woodin and T. 11. Whitaeld.
Birmingham and Grerille-street, Hatton-garden, bross,founders.
A poor labouring man, apparently about slaty years of
Age, walking along St. James's.park on Sunday evening. about
six o'clock, was seized with an apoplectic lit, tell, and immediately
expired.
The murdered body of Mr. Thomas L'orl, of Pena:-
urha, in the parish of A berporth. Canliganshire, was found on a
common near Cardigan, on Monday night last. An inquest
wes held on the following day, when it appeared that the deceased
and a neighbour named David Lewis, had been to Cardigan nit
iome business at the Assizes, and were owe rved, about omit in
tks evening, walking together, both much intoxicated; and as
ten, Leaia was seen about half a mile from where the body VIM
Ilmrld, walking homewards at a very quick pace. Mae% of
violence being discovered on the neck of the deceased, Lewis Iwo
been committed to Cardigan gaol, on suspicion of the murder.

gin it, ritizh aPrrl6o._

DRURY-LANE THEATRE.
This Retain?, WEDNEsit.tl% Muth *-"J. wUI be performed
the new Operatic Pray of
14ENIOWE.KY.
Benyearstry, Mr. Bennett; Koran°, Mr. Horn; Stephantiff, Mr. Wel-
lack ; Tristram Stark, Mr. Bewley. Athanaala, Mi.+ Foote; Pbedura,
Miss Cabin ; thri.tine, Miss Forty.
After which :.th time, a new Grand Romantic Fairy Tale, called
OBERON; or, THY. CHARDII.:I) HORN.
Forlee—()heron, Miss %/net lit ; Titania, MI-s Macdonald. French—The
imprior Chwieinacne, Mr. O. Smith; Sir Nunn of Goyenne, Mr. Ben.
nett: Shersuoin, Mr. Browne; gar Anhert, r. T. Blanchard. Arabian-4
Tb, Caliph ..f Hauled, Mr. Pope; the Pane.. Ttabikoc. Mr. Howrit ; sadak,
Mr. Pittwithins ; Omlec, Mr. Mercer. The Princes.. Amanda, 311. is Smith-
son ; Farms, Uri. C. .Nnee. Tunisians—The Sultan of Tunis, Mr.
Tuuore ; Kahan, Mr. W. Bennett; Fisherinon, Mr. G. Smith.

COVEN'f-GARDEN THEATRE.

Tide Evening. W E ItNEnDA V, March '29, the Performance will commence

• CONCERT, THE MUSIC FROM IP-1R FitEISCHUTZ,
toder the Direction of the Comotrkcr, Carl t'un Weber, %silo will

.
rresllte on the Singe.
Alter which the Comedy of
RULE A WIFE ANI) HAVE A WIFE.
The Duke, Mr. Cooper; Leon, Mr. Warde ; Michael Perez, Mr. Jonet ;
Estlfanla. Minot Chester.
To condo& with the new Piece of
TII E !CAPE-GOAT.
The Characters 'yr Dieser.. Monrhord, W. Farren. C4oper, and Meadows ;
1411. e. Jour-. and A. J 1,1104,

The BRITT/Il Passe commenced pubhehtog yeeterdey morning

at FIX o'clock•.

LONDON, WEDNESDAY, MAecn 29 1894.

The French Papers that arrived last night do not contain
information of much importance. with the exception of
the debates in the Chamber of Deputies relative to the
"Slave Trade. The SpaniA Cabinet still refuses to recal
the Constittnienalists, end, if we may believe the accounts
from the interior of the devoted country under its rule,
'which the French Papers furnish us :with, at the time they
give us the above fact, we must opeet every post will
bring us intelligence of a decisive nature from that part of
the Peninsula. Indeed, as far as the safety of Venni-
tet AND and his system is concerned, it matters little whe-
ther these unfortunate and persecuted emigrants return to
their native country or not, for they must have friends
enough in Spain to avenge their cause, whose rage will be
necessarily increased by this continued rigour on the part
of their Government. 11-e have given such ample extracts
from these Papers, with respect to the Slave Trade debate,
that it is unnecessary for us to do more than to call the
attention of the public to them. They will he read with
great interest, as they show that a very strong party in
Frame entertain sentiments regarding this traffic strictly in
unison with those of the British community. In the
course of the discussion several letters were reatl by M. DE
Vii st.e, to show that the French had done less, not-
withstanding all the animadversions that had been cast
upon them, to astist the Tuiks in their struggle against
the Greeks than any other nation. The following are ex-

li`te!c

I From the Pikir of Sootily, !March 26.1
PARIS, I,,tlcrt 23.

Fy virtue of an ordinance of the 10:11 February, li 2i, signed
by Ferdinand I. King of Maple., and confirmed by Francis 11.
tit, present King. which authorizes the 'Nobles who possess entailed
estates to divide them among their creditors who have legally prov-
ed themselves such, the Princess Colonna of Sicily has just distri-
buted among her creditors all her feudal possessions. The-Journal
of the Two Sicilics adds, that all the Sicilians were rejoiced at this
Royal benefit, which will restore to commerce fertile lands which
the ancient feudal system had wiihdrawn from it.
Accounts from Madrid say that the Decree for the recall of the
Grandees of Spsio, and °dur powerful persons who are in foreign
countries, in a state of exile, was going w be signed; but means
have been found to cause this measure to be rejected. It is added,
that search is making fur a celebrated revolt' monist, formerly a
?!ember of the Cortes, who has got into :11:tilrid.
LFrom the Journal des Debuts.]

l'Attue,Airti

The funeral service for the .I)9ke of Monttat;reney wall take
place on Monday, at eleven o'clock, at him parish church, St. Tho•
mss d'Aquinas. lfis remains are to be deposited at Piepus, with
these of his brother.

The French Tribunals have been long occupied wilt the affair of
Stackpooie, and the claims of his coheirs on the euccessi.in to the
estate of John Stackponle, to which he had been appointed admi-
nistnitor. The Fourth Chamber of tfte Tribunal of First Instance
s...ts occupied yesterday with a demand against one of the members
Otis family, Willi tm Stackpoole, by Mr. Driver Cooper, his at-
terries., who demands a sum of 10,000/. sterling, which W. Stack.
psole had engaged to pay in the event of Ida succeeding in the suit.
Al. Henniquin, for the plaintiff; maintained that the conditions of
the content had been fulfilled, and insisted on the right which he
Ittoi to demand payment. The case stands eves for Thursday, the
:P.ht March, to hear M. Dupin for the defendant.
A terrible catastrophe took place at Morlaap last week. About
400 persons were assembled in a ball above the 31airie, to draw for
the army, when a moth-eaten beam suddelily gave way, the floor
fell with a tremendous crash, and precipitated the whole of those
present, with the exception of about thirty, who were near the
chimney or in the recesses at the windows. The tables and planks
w ere broken, blood flowed on all sides, and the complaints of the
uilfortrinate persons who were wounded were heard amidst a thick
aloud of das•. Almost the whole population hastened to assist
them. More than 150 persona have been hurt; a young woman
Biel the day alter ; and live or six persons are still in the greatest
dlogsr. Others will probahly be lamed for life.

The Agemcine Zeitainq of the 41st announces the ter-
mination of the discussions which have arisen on the sub-
ject of the navigation of the Rhine. It would seem that
England concurred in this manure at Laybach. The
nay in which the German Junrualist rays it has been de-
cided deserves some remark, as connettill with circum-
stances to which we have lately alluded. It is raid to have
been in consequence of a memorial issind by Prussia, to
obtain the decision of the other powers with respect to the
difficulties raised by Holland on this stiljcet. Austria
decided against Holland, awl a note to the same effect is
said to have been remitted by Rorsia to the Ministers at
Frankfort. " tilt:wl.l this be true," Ads the writer, "the
dispute respecting the Rhine may he considi red as decided
in favour of the free navigation of that ricer (into the sea)."
'the nature of die dispute seems therefore to have been,
whether the navigation was to be confined to internal trade
cnb,.. or whether it was to be extended to maritime corn-
tnvrce. The paragraph lately inserted in the papers, about
the delivering up of Luxembourg, shows that there are
several points in which the views of the Belgian Govern-
ment are nut in accordance with those of the Allied
Sovereigns.

CIRFALONIA, PER. 18.

The tiovernment at Napoll di Aousnla is engaged 'in mtasures
tv ovternble at Megan the Dtplitie. si.%t Primates of the provinces.
to confer with theta on the proration' which liar.: b-ct, rt..11.t., sod
which arc oa the point of being made, dire:ly or indirectly, from
the Porte.

141AVY.Nt E, RlAncu 14.

After ,he execution of the arta of tl,r Nal sod
Yisnas, •c i•r as they relate to the nariglitun of ti.: [:Lune, had

given rfse for ten years to so much fruitless discussion, this affair,
which is of such vast importance to all the countries on the banks
of the Rhine, seems at leu)rth to approach to a decision. In con-
sequence of a memorial on the subject, issued by Prussia, relative
to the difficulties raised by Holland, in which the powers who are
parties to the Vienna Congress are called upon to decide on the
meaning of the article which stipulates the free navigation of the
Rhine, the Austrian Government a said to have declared Otto in all
the negociations respecting the navigation, as well at Paris as at
Vienna, the most perfect freedom of navigation was taken for
granted, and that by the benefit promised by the congress was un.
deestood Orr free and unimpeded mirk-alio,: into flu sea, ~ui from
Mural into M • Rhine, fur the general interest of trade and the ad-
vantage of all nations. A similar declaration was made by Eng.
land sonic years ago, st the Congress at Laybach. litdependently
of the iovs of justice, and the conscientiousness with which the il-
lustrious house of Austria has at all times fulfilled its engagements,
it is to be considered that the Austrian States are not directly ante.
rested in the free navigation of the Rhine. The wisdom which ap.
pears in all the Retool the Allied Alonarchs might well authorise
us to accuse of presumption those who would impute to them the
petty intention of converting the most navigable river of our conti.
nest into a canal for inland lode, did not experience show that even
the simplest truths arc disregarded when private interest is con-
cerned. The inhabitants of the banks of the Rhine, and its tribu.
Lay streams, full of confidence in the magnanimous sentiments of
the great powers, have never doubted the ultimate execution of the
treaties. When the promised benefit shall be realised, and the
Rhine freed from the shackles which paralyse the industry of the
inhabitants of the banks, and undermine their prosperity, the au-
thors a the new mkt of things will reap the blessings of millions
of industrious workmen, and the well understood interests of the
Governments of the States on the banks will increase in the same
proportion as the general prosperity of the people. •
I'. S. We learn that a not.i front Russia, M the same tenour as
that of Austria, has been deliveied to the Ministers at Frankfort
Should this be true, the dispute respecting the Rhine may be con.
!tittered as decided in favour of the tree navigation of the Rhine into
the sea.

A letter has just been published, addressed to the Bight
honourable W c Liam Vr NA lII.E s, Esq., Lord Mayor of
London, by " Captain NieoLo CHIEFALA, Greek, of
Zante." It occurred to us, on perusing it, that the writer
could be no other than the adventurer of that name, who
had busied himself so arr4oorrry with the affairs of his
countrymen, in other kingdoms, as to have been dismissed
from the dominions of Itnssta—to have had his presence
very promptly dispensed with front Rom r —and who, in
fact, was obliged to " keep moving" with more celerity
than was either creditable or convenient to him, through
all the difilrent states to which hr had appointed himself
Solicitor—for we know not by what other title toulesignate
him—in the cause of the Greeks. IVe should have thrown
his contemotible pamphlet on one side as not worth a
moment's attention, but to our great aurplise we find the
Times had, last week, very gravely called the public
attention to it, in an article headed " The GREEK DE-
PUTIES;" and had not only made it the medium of a most
illiberal and base attack on the high and unblemished
character of these individuals, but hail dwelt on its con-
tents as furnishing a serious charge of injustice against the
Greek Government. These accusations having been copied
into the Evening Papers, and having consequently spread
far and wide, it becomes important to examine what degree
of credit is due to this Epistle of Captain NICOL() CHI E.
FA! A, that he may not be permitted, by means of the
public press of this country, to kindle a hostile feeling
towards the Greeks, and to withdraw frotn them that
sympathy which they have so gloriously earned, and which
they never can deserve to lose.
" Every man," says the Times, " who respects the rights of
humanity and the claims of freedom, must be a friend of the Greek
cause; but the Greeks themselves scent determined that we shall
nut be able to admire their manner of supporting it. The blunders
which the Government has committed at home—the quarrels among
their military chief's, when the enemy was not only at the gates hut
in the fortress—and the corruption and weakness of their foreign
agents—are all so many drawbacks on our disposition to admire
and to assist a people struggling against the most hateful oppres-
sion which ever degraded or disgraced our nature. Unhappily, it
I. not the impatient foreigner who, ardently desiring Greek lade.
penitence, and disappointt. at the slow advances made towards its
establishment, mikes this complaint, but Greeks themselves, in
their mutual attacks and recrimination. A Greek, called Mit;ol.o
CntErana, has just published in London, in the shape of a letter
to the Lord Mayor, more serious accusations against his country-
men than have ever appeared in the Auttehin f/bserz,cr. lie
charges the Government with rapacity, venality, and corruption.
He announces his despair of their cause, unless the Governments
of Europe step in between them and the MusSUlMall shim:Le; and
he crowns ail by a narrative of as act of oppression, injustice, and
ingratitude towards himself, which, if it did not produce, could not
fail to aggravate, his other complaints. According to this state-
ment, Captain file oLo CIIIEFALA has been so ardent a friend of
Greek liberty, that he has traversed half the world to procure it
funds and friends. In l/V3, he left Tripolizra and proceeded to
Calcutta, in the East Indies, where he obtained subscriptions to
the amount of 2L.Oral rupees. This soon was placed at the dis-
posal of the Greek Government in Landon, with an understanding
or stipulation that the expenses of Captain CIIIEF.LLA'S journey
(amounting to 3600 should be paid out of it before its appropria-
non. It was, however, withdrawn without this eeduction, and the
Captain has been left to starvation, or to the success of a petition
to that very Government which he now dennuncea. The Greek
Deputies who here manage the loan which has been raised on the
credulity of John Phil], and which has rather injured than assisted
the cause of Greek freedom, refuse to pay his claims, and base
only afforded him a pittance to enable him to return home. We
know nothing about the facts of the case, and cannot decide on
such an cr parte statement; but if they are es the author of the
letter represents them, the conduct of the Greek Government and
their London Deputies cannot be too strongly reprobated."
But when the Time:Journalist thus sent forth these ma-
lignant aspersions on the authority of the statements made
by this NICOLO CIIIEFALA, had he taken any previous
pains to ascertain whether a single word of them was true?
Did he at all inquire whether the letter writer was a man
of character and veracity, or whether he was not an
Flamm. a gagner sa tie or tout, who had been vomited
out of his own country, and had got no fixed settlement in
any other? Ilad he ever even read the letter itself to
which he attaches so much weight? No, he lead done no
such thing; for if he hail, the character of the writer
betrays itself so plainly in every page, that he could not
have mistaken it. The substance of the aifair, as de-
velaped in the pamphlet itself, is this :—N tcot.o Co t Mara%
found that the brave struggle of the Greeks for the esta-
blislneent of th it political iatlepentlence had attracted a
strong interest throughout Europe, and he seems to have
thought that this prevailing sympathy might be turned to
good eccount. Ile immediately feigned a most ardent and
patriotic zeal for the regeneration of his country, and for
the fate and fortunes of those patriots who hut devoted
themselves to its cause. Being himself a Greek was greatly
in his favour, and enabled him to set forward with effect
in the great work of soiled/so' cootrittations ; ant! wont-
ingly, it seems, without consoltino, any of the public
authorities, or communing with any individual in the
Government, this Alf-appointed apostle set out on his
charitable mission. His pamphlet details more than enough
to bring his good offices into suspicion ; but upon these
particulars our limited space will not permit us to enter.
We take it up at the point where it arrives at the subject
matter.

•• nut enough without further explanation. I come immediately
to ;he circnrnstsne.•s whi .h Ginnie! Inc to claim public attention.
,• Leaving Grand Cairo by the lied Sea, I at length arrived at
Bengal, enthely et my can cost, having undertaken the serge
purely from patriotic motives, borne up and emulated with the hopes
then Onssessed, of ultimately seeing Greece emancipated from
Ottoman slavery. I set on foot a subscription, defraying the incl.
dental expenses incurred during int collection from my own pocket.
After considerable toil and difficulty, I had the happiness to succeed
in my object, and the at:•aunt thus realised waist my request paid
into the hands of Measrs. Alexander and Mo. of Calcutta, who gave
use a biter of credit for the sum total. rupees, en their
correspondents, Messrs. Fletcher, Alexander, and Co. of London,
payable i 3 the ord.- r of'lla' Greek Governsettal, which I partieu.
larly wished shrub, be so expressed. The curious on this subject
may see the whole of this transaction, with a detailed list of the
names of the subscribers, on reference to the Cakutta journals of
1823 wad 1824.

" Bang ririllifnit spinney, Mr. Alexander paid my putage to
Europe, to Mr. Ferguson, ownrr of the ship Maitland, Captain
O'Brien, tiroonnting to 251X1 rupees 7 he likewise had the kindneas
to lend me Itloo rupees, on my own seedit, to procure whatever
necessaries I noels require during the voyage."

his confused himself a little here. Had Mews.
E a SDE a awl Co., as here stated, girca itim a letter of

THE 13RITISH PitESS.

credit for the 23,383 rupees, on their correspondents in
London, what was to hinder his receiving the amount on
his arrival? The fact then is, this sum was made payable
to the order of the Greek Gorernment, and be says he
" particularly wished it should be so expressed." The
Times, wholly misapprehending the affair, says, " this
sum was placed at the disposal of the Greek Government
in London ?" Who ever yet heard of the GREEK GOVEK);
st ex rin London ? This is a ludicrous blunder, but it is a
very important one; for it alters the whols state of the case.
It is manifest to every one who pays the least attention to
this letter-writer's statement, that his abuse of the Greek
Deputies for not discharging his bill of expenses is most
unwarranted, upon his own showing. It is easy to collect,
from the facts stated by himself, that they were willing
and prepared to discharge his claim ; but just at they were
about to do so; they find that the money remitted is not
made payable to them, but to Me Greek Government; and
that they consequently are not empowered to pay it with-
out authority to that effect. Let us turn to his own ac-
count of it :

" On my arrival in London, the Creek deputies were 'err eager
to receive the amount of the subecriptiun, and nff•rcd to al"vw me
ti3B3 rupees to rover my expenses ; but being git•me to understand
they could not indemnity me, and ristersed nut the power of re-
ceiving the money with security to myselt, I declined having any
thing to do with them ; neither would Mr. Fletcher surrender the
money. without a siveil:e order to that eject front the Govern:nod,
as clearly expressed in the letter of credit brought by me from Cal-
cutta.

Mr. Fletcher having kindly furnished me with every necessary se-
knowledgment and document, L remitted them, together with a
quantity of letters, to the Greek Governnumt, through the banking
house of Mr. Lougham, giving in ,my own private letters a succinct
account of all my operations in India ; and requesting the autho-
rities, whew they shostd be pleased to issue the order pc receiving
the money, they would vouchsafe to set apart the sum of 3751. ster-
ling, bring the amount dim to Inc.
" In expectation of their acquiescing with my wishes, I left a
receipt for the money with Mr. Fletcher, who obligingly promised
to keep that balance at my disposal ; these arrangements taken,
I Set nut' for Italy."

Now nothing, we think, can be more clear than that
NICOI.O CHIEFALA has no ground of charge against the
Greek Deputies; and with respect to Mr. FLETCHER, to
whom the money had been remitted, he meets from him
with every facility that he could possibly receive or
require.

The Times is pleased to say, that the money was re-
mitted from Calcutta," with an uniler.danding• or stipulation
that the expenses of captain CHI EF Ai.o's journey, amount-
ing fo 3.10/., should be paid out of it before its appropria-
tion." But this is utterly untrue; it is pure invention on
the part of the Journalist. There never was a sentence of
any such stipulation. Even CIIIEFALA himself has not
the assurance to assert that there was any such understand-
ing. The fact is, that, for ought that appears to the con•
trary, the sum in question would have been contributed
by the ardent and active friends of the Greeks at Calcutta,
and would have been remitted to Messrs. ALEXANDER and
Co., and by them forwarded to their correspondents in
London, and placed at the disposal of the Greek Govern-
ment, just in the same manner, although Capt. new.°
CHIEFA LA had never set his foot in Calcutta. The whole
secret of the transactions, which any person, we think, of
common sagacity may discover from attending carefully to
this adventurer's nwn statement, is this :—He went out to
Calcutta, as he had been before to other places, represent-
ing himself as an authorized agent to tke Greek Govern-
ment, and under this character he applied to obtain contri-
butions of money and supplies of every other kind, which,
so deputed, the warm Mil generous feelings which pre
veiled in favour of his conflicting countrymen would
enable him to procure. We think it more than probable
that his exertions in this way interfered not a little with
the regular and organized channels of application, and
that his activity, however profitable to,himsey, were quite
the reverse of profitable to the common cause, in behalf of
which he was so industrious a volunteer.

The following sentence on this head is worthy of note:
—" The Deputies at last officially declared that I was
never authorized to (fficiate in or meddle with the of
of Greece." And. this most important fact he
js constrained to admit, but he follows it up with this equi-
vocal question. "In the critical state of the country, let
me ask every impartial person whether a commission or au-
thority to further its deliverance was needful?" To this
we ahswer, in plain terms, that it HUM When to further
any great public purpose it becomes necessary to appeal to
the beneficence of the great body of the people, and more
particularly if that appeal is made to the people of distant
kingdoms, it is essential that none but the regularly ap-
pointed agent, to whom the great concerns connected with
that great purpose are confided by the Government, should
interfere. Great frauds, we all know, may be contrived,
and extensive impositions practised by persons not so dele-
gated, and who, under the name, and with the assumed
sanction of the Government, as in the case of the Greeks,
may put the humanity of thousands under contribution,
and consign the proceeds to their own pockets. In the in-
stance before us, the good people of Calcutta, it seems, bad
the precaution to transmit their donations direct to the
house of Messrs. ALEXANDER amid Co., to be by them
transmitted to London. They very prudently did not
suffer a single rupee to get between time fingers of Captain
Nteor.o Come aLA, and then, truly, because this said
NicoLo had been, Rs he states himself, begging contribu-
tions " from door to door," and getting only now and then
an old hat or an old coat to supply his own necessities, he
on a sudden takes credit to himself for having raiser' the
25,383 rupe.!s—not one of which he had ever seen—makes a
demand of :;501. op•on the Provisional Government of
Greece, which had never, in any manner, trusted or em-
ployed hint ; and in a printed letter, addressed most impu-
dently to the Lord Mayor of London, loads them and the
whole Greek nation with the most libellous abuse, because
they refuse to he made the dupes of his trickery, and de-
cline to recognize his claim.

If we are not mistaken, this said Cut cr A LA was formerly
captain of a merchant vessel, but we have authentic parti-
culars of him within our reach, and we shall not fail to
lay them shortly before the public.

CITY, TUESDAY EvExtwo.

Jobbers and sprculators congregated upon the Royal
Exchange to-day, as they did yesterday ; and the transac-
tions were equally limited and uninteresting. Consols
were reported at 79 to L. There were a few bargains in
Russian Stock at 78

The Emperor of Austria's physicians lave pronounced
him convalescent.

Mr. John Lowe, formerly a repntable merchant, has left
London for Bogota on official business. As he is the
personal friend of Revenge, the Colombian minister, con-
fident hopes are entertained that he will succeed in ob-
taining for the British merchants greater privileges in
Colombia than they note enjoy.—Glasgow Free l'ress.
We have reason to believe, that the statement in the
Saturday's Advertiser, that not any application had been
made to the Commissioners, appointed by the Bank of
England in this: town to grant loans on merchandise, is
not correct, We understand that motley is now very pin-
drill in the hands of our backers.-I.irerpoal
Major D.mham's and Captain Clapperton's Travels in
Africa will positively be published on Saturday.

FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.

The Duke of Norfolk entertained a dietingulshed party at dinner yester-
day, at Ida houee In St. Jame.'.-.qua/e. - .

!lir Charles Long, Bart. entertal.ned a large party of distinction at din-
ner yesterday, at his seat, Bromley hill, Rent.
The Dowager Viscountesa Hampden has Issued Cl/Pis of invitation for
an assembly on the 7th of April, at her house in Oreen.atreet, Grosvenor-
square.
The Marquis and Marchioness of Winchester and fondly have arrived
In town, from their scat, Amport-house Andover.
The Marquis and Marehkuiess of Salisbury,i and the Dowager Mar-
chioness of Salisbury, left town yesterday, fur Madrid.
Me Earl and Countess Cowper have left town for Brighton, for the
holidays.
The Karl of Beshorough left town yesterday, for his seat, Roehampton.
Mr. and Mrs. Peptoe have arrived at their house in Upper Grosvenor.
street, from Warn irk._ _ _

John Ilia&borne, Eq. M.P. has arrived at his house In Park-street,
We•tminster, from his meat, Hale, near Warrington, Lancashire.
Sir William Fraser, Hatt. has arrived at Hteveu'a Hotel, Bund.street,
from Doraetstilre.

Arrivals at Fenton's Hotel, St. James's-street :—Captain Knollys, from
a GAIT Robert Wynne, Esq. from bin seat in Berks. Departure :
Robert Vansittart, Esq. for his seat In Berk 4.
Arrivals at the St. George's Hotel, Albemarle-street :—Lady Acton and
family, from Devon.hlre ; the Misses bogie, from Cheltenham.
Departures from the Pulteney Hotel, Albemarle...lmeg —Sir William
Humboldt, for Lord Hancliffe's seat, Banaing Park,
.Leicestemttire ;
Contain Lyon, for Itrlghtun ; Wm. Norris, Esq. for Bath.
Departures from the Burlington Hotel, Old Burlington and Cork
streets :—'fhe Marquis of Ormond.. for Ireland ; Mr. and Mrs. AV/it:ask,
for Scotland; J. Parker, Esq. for litightun.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRITISH PRESS.

St st—l have, with your permission, a few observations to add to
those which I sent too yesterday, in order for you ottdire ailerons
pedre4 in the La Plata controversy. I said that the Occidentaliat
General. Alvear, presided at the taking of Monte Video from the
Spaniards, which was elected by the Orientalists of Artigas. I
wish you to understand that the very same course is pursued now.
When FrUCtUOIIO Ribera's plan was ripe, a General de la Velleja
was sent over from Buenos Ayres to assume the nominal command.
He is a native of La Danda Oriental, but a regular officer in the
service of the Rio Plata confederacy. All the military operations
are conducted (and with much activity) by Ribero., who alone made
this revolt, and who alone can akher prolong or terminate it. I
question if La Valleja has a,word to say in the management, and
whether the Llaneros would march under his orders. This is dune
in order to make it look like a bona tide republican war, when in
truth it is only Artigas redivivus, in the person of his oasecond in
command. . .

......
I pointed out esterday the error which arose from people's mis-
taking the new fur the old limits of Rio Grande, and hence How
tile stories of disturbances at Rio Janeiro, &c. However, the new
Empire does not rest on solid foundations, its constitution being of
that sort now so justly decried in Europe—not democratical
enough to satisfy the French-Revolution ',arty, nor yet giving
power enough to the Monarch to support himself against them
by lawful means: so that, from its very composition, 'Richt a
code must come to art end, one way or the other. But Brazil has one
safeguard and pledge against revolution; that is, The Blacks—
a word as formidable to the republican as to the archbishop,
or more so. Providence, in its fair distribution of worldly
ills, having sent them monks, has excused them saints. But
even so, the danger is great enough to paralyze and divide the ef-
forts of disaffection. _ _

In the present contest Bolivar will not interfere for some time,
for he hu Paraguay between him and the scene of action, which he
must conquer first. And I think he will not at ill; for he would pro.
yoke the hostility of several European Powers, if not of the whole
Alliance, without having that claim upon British interposition
which he had in the war of Independence. It therefore stands thus:
if Ribero, when joined by General Rodriguez, can stnke a great
blow. destroy Laguna's army, and raise the blacks, good night to
Don Pedro and to nine-tenths of the free men now living in Bra-
zil ; but if the war be protracted, the blockade will produce ruin
and disturbance in Buenos Ayres. I will trouble you no further on
this subject. Yours, &c. X.
