DIVIDENDS.

' August 6. Samuel Passey, High-street, Newington-butts, book-
seller and stationer, at eleven, at the Bankrupts Court —August
6. William Darner, Margate, Kent, bookseller, at ten, et the
, Bankrupts' Court.—August 6. Mary and Thomas Melton, High-
gate, builders, at nine, at the Bankrupts' Court—August 6 . Ed
ward Batt, John Bub:shell, and Augustine William Batt, Witney,
Oxfordshire, bankers and copartners, at eleven, at the Bankrupts'
Court.—August 6. Thom, Sparks and John Bailey, Chandos-
street, Coven rgarden, drapers, at twelve, at the Bankrupts' Court.—
August 6. Thomas Drew, Exeter, and of Hill's Court, St. Sid-
well's, Devonshire, linen-draper, at twelve, at the lian.krupts'
Court.—Auguat 6. John Walter, libihopsgate-street-without. hard.
wareinan, at ;ten, at the Bankrupts' Court.—August 6. Oliver
Throgmorton Kerbeyol'inch-litne, Cornhill, and Merton, Surrey,
stock and share.broker, at twelve, at the liankr..nts' Cann.—
August 10. Samuel Droves, Sheffield, saw-mar ufaciurer, at twelve,
at the King's Head Inn, Sheffield.—August 8. George Hutchins,
Andover, dealer in epiritous liquors. at two, at the tinorge Inn,
Andover.—Aitgust 8. William Jed:son, Bristol, corn-factor, at
eleven, at the 'Rummer Tavern, All Saint's-lane, Bristol..--Aug.
J. William Smith, Funtington, Sussex, miller, (instead of the 11th
of August next, as before advertised), at one, at the Swan Inn,
Chichester.—August V. Henri Hobbs,Chichester, Sussex, former,:
(instead of the 12th of. August next, as before advertisodi, at one, at
the Swan Inn, Chiehester.—August 6. Ileadly Ackland, Leaden:mil-
market, Oraceehurch-street, and Birchin-lane, provision-merchant,
at eleven, at the Bankrupts' Court.—August 6. Jobb Leigh,
Blue And:or-road, Bermondsey, engineer and paper. tnaker, at
eleven, at the Bankrupts' Court—August 8. Stephen Butt, Mot-
combe, Dorsetshire, cheese-Scoter, at twelve. at , (he Grosvenor
ATMs, Shaftesbury.—August U. Jacob Ofler, Vothwient, near
Eath, slater, at use, at the White Lion Inn, Bath.
CERTIFICATES, A uu. &
Richard Bitting, Tewkesbury, Gloucester, corn factor—Bobert
Grimisood. Rochester, Bent, draper—Henry Thomas Robinson,
Dun-street, Old Artillery Ground, silk manufacturer,._uposga
Wynne, Stafhird, shoe-manufactuter—John Batiks and William
Garrard, Beccles, jafrolk, lincii-draper—Thomas French,
Chel-
tenham, grocer.
PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
John Heald and John Balderstan, Lancaster. soap manufac-
wren—Henry Sawyer aad Charles Itayner, Church-street, Soho,
engravers—Henry Ilignell and William Dismore—Joseph Ball
Anstice, John Haselden Wilson Haselden, Samuel Strongman
Davis, and Benjamin "liirrianti, Liverpool, ale and porter dealers
—William Muxon, Dcorge Smith, and Thomas Smith, Shelton,
Stoke-upon. Trent, Stafford, lawr-weavers--Thomas Haywood and
William Moor. Derby, plumbers and glaziers--Sherland 11 ill
Swanton and William Clark, fen-court, Fenchurch-street, met.-
chants—Philip Davies and Joscilh Davies, Shrewsbury, black-
' smiths—Charles Rivington, John Rivington, and John Cochran,
Strand, booksellers—Thomas Littlelale and Isaac Littledale, Liver-
pool, general brokers—George 'Sennett and Thomas Gill. Stock-
port, wine-merchant—George Allred Muskets and Alexander
Frnser. Southwark, lead-merchants—Joseph Packer
and Albert Adolphus Honey, Camberwell, brewers—AVilliatu
Cole, Thomas %Whittle, and John Johnson, (linter, brass-founders
_Janie!) Adamson, James Harrison, and William Jackson, Ash-
ton-within-Mackertield, Lancashire, maltsters—James C. For-
syth. and Thomas C. Biggs, Itassus-row, silk.manu-
facturers.

Average Price of Brown or bluw:cirsilo Sugar, computed from
the Returns matte in the Week ending the 13th day of July 1626,
is 38s. 6,?d. per hundred weight, exclusive of the Duties of Cus-
toms paid or payable thereon u.a the importation thereof iato (heat
Britain.
Average price of Corn from the Returns received in the Week
ending July 9, 1623.1
Wheat. Barley. Oats. Rye. I Beans. Pease.
a. d. a. d. a. d. a. d. a. d. s•
d.
07 11 37 94 40 b 41 1 38 10

„.,
ULEARINO OUT WARDS.—The Java, Driver, for Ten( ifte and
India; Julie, Preagcr, for Calais; Geertruida, Zwaanenhuig. fur
Rotterdam and Amsterdam ; Arve Prindsen, Dalilsn, tor New
York ; Hisdostan, Lamb, for St. Petershurgh ; Findlay, Carretv,
for Alexandria; commerce. Frast, for Rotterdam; Emig Getartta
packet, Him, fur ditto; lox, Fox, jun , for Ostend; Reaper,
Stratrotd, for Elsinore and Riga; Blucher, Deigliton, fur Art4i.
angel; Stockton, tioalloaith, for MiraniLlii; London, Annan,
for St. Petershurgh ; Lady Combertnere, Sandford, tur ditto ; apd
Colonist, Smidt, toe ilarbAdOes.
CLEARED OUTWARDS rp ItELAND.—Thc Factor, Coonci:,
for Dealt.

FROM LLOYD'S LIST.
FALMOUTH, JULY 16.—Arrisq the Zephyr packet, te.ia.
Broxils—safed from Rio the 211 . ay, Bahia the '4lth. aid lit.
nambuco the 6th of June; spoke on the 22t1 of May, piing into
Rio, the John Frank, Linkin, leaky, and the next day the Shal-
low packet.
I' tou'ra, JULY 16.-011' the port, the Britannia. Dais,
from Tobago. Sailed tile Colombia, Wilson, for Von Ihtuien'a
Land; and Pomona, Veney, for Quebec.
PouTsmouTri, JULY 17.—Arrived his Majesty's ship
from South America, lavt from Rio Janeiro, whence she sailed Elitt
of May; his Majesty's ship Glasgow, front Woolwich, ban
Jubilee, 11":thers, from Galipuli. Went out of harbour the Joseph
Green transport, for Halifax, and remains at SpitheaJ.
DEAL„• u LY I7,—Arrived and sailed for the river. the Spriiehtly.
Ilughev. from the South Seal; London. Truesnan, Princess Char-
lotte, Pixley, Alartioit of A oglesey, Reed, Watt I i.p packet,
Munro, Dominica, , Akssotare, D.
anti Lady Helfand, Rogers, from Jannita: Luttl Wellingto“,
front 3144min:hi; Lawton, Miller, from India; Ottawa,
Douglas, and Europa, Willis, from Quebec ; David Owen,
Walker,from Pernambuco:William Manning, Strith,an4 Charles
William, Smith, from St. Kitt's; Sisters, Duke, front the ' uuth,
Seas; Mayflower, Martin, from. krayal ; Enchantreis, Taylor,
from St. yinceuts ; -and John Rickard Duncan, from Tobago.
Sailed, fhe Kerswell, Armstrong, for the Cape of Good Hope.
G may ESEND, JULY 17.—Arrived lire Britannia. Braille .kola
Cartliagena; Jane, Riddle, from Tenerille; David Owen. Walker,
from Pernambuco ; Jones, Iticharditoa, from Virginia ; Sprightly.
Hughes, from the South 'Sea; Alexander, Dew, from Antlgus;
Ottawa, Douglas, f-om Quebec; Exchange, Lee. lawn Darnels;
'Union, Bank, from Guernsey ; Friendship, Nicholson, from ditto ;
Wanderer, Chamberlain, from Dantric ; Active, Grace, trout
Palau; Comacas of Alanstield, Pace, front hamburg',; Atalanta,
King, from ditto; and Susan and Sarah, Waterhouse from George-
town. Sailed the Desire, Bailey, for *Whoa; Vuust, Cage. tor
Cape de Vortls: Laurel, %lartin, for Petersburgb; Triumph. Grew's,
for Bombay; Andreas, Von, feer.Stettin ; and kt!utther, Deightoo,
' for Archangel.
' GREENOCK, JULY id.—The Robert, Dunlop, sailed likti
May from St. Thottiav*s for Honduras, and the mune Jay was fiat
at and brought to, by a piratical schooner, which took out et.:
master and detained him and the vessel fur several boars, essaito-
ing for specie.
MExico, Aram 6.—The Mavis of Lansdown sailed froa.
San Itlas, tin the Bth ult.. for Peeti ; the Merope on the 138 i, Ana
the John Bunter on the I tth, fur Guayaquil, with part or *ea
cargoes, as the high duty would nut allow the ni.portatiOU

The Eugene, arrived at Cowes. f 11 in anti, on Ist instant,
in la:. 47, lun.. 2.5, an too :tense raft of :Huber,
supposed to be put
of the Columbus The PAltat, bound to Gibraltar, and several nwja
iutnwk.n.orsm,bwo.criewarethout,rnrldli.on
wuuld biepi,.i,i,tll..a,tcr the eni May, and
The Si. Lawrt.i.ce afl shore at Qtebec 20th ult., and it To MI
feared would not be got otf without disci.arging.
tFhreAarel:ra,:edi.frio,
env: arf.:,:a:hunedtiStuth:ere::race:niana: sl4tt,queueinotiresrl,Amfrplomue:S!
tit the
JAi:114:::
New Itrunswiek.
Off the Start, the Sicilian, Jameson, from the Rivar atrubta ;
Charleston. • ; ): -AA

am
Fechame 25f. I.e.
Ditto Bonita 3A.04- ?U.
Dtcbantte 2:4.
• 1 •
PRICES OF SHARES YESTERHAI .
misllo.
Sbare. Paid.' Prealare per Scam.
Anglo-l'if vile's £156 26 1126
An.glo-Chilian
Anvil Iron and Coal
Lkstello & Espirito Sumo Brazil 100 4 Lj
Cobalt and Copper
chiiiiin.
Ottlitn and Peruvian,.' 6 3 */
Cornwall and Deironshire..— 150 6 3 4 die
Oansolidated Copper aid Tin 20 2 6
.
Owes' Mining Anociatlorr 10:t 5 1
Hiberelan , , e..••
Yale° Pernitin '
.t
Fa:ni, La rig, and Peruvian 60. 6 61 1 i
RiTal Iriih,.
Uaited Megieac
Ditto sew.— ........ ....... 40 '_lo 27

DRURY-LANE THEATRE.
Tbla Irwin:E. TUESDAY July 19, be parforcce4
DER FRELSCIII.II Z. •
, . Horn; Adolph, Mr. T. Cooke; Bernhard. Mr. Bedford:
14:;',11:"'Nr.O. Smith ; Milan, Mr. Fltzwilliana. Linda, PAW Otao-
- ; Auan. Mill Pore). •
Attar whleh 113th time) a new Comte Piece. cared
FOE MINeTES MO LATE;
Or, AN ELOPEMENT '1 RHEIMS.
itatellsrl to, the purpose of Introducing a superb Display of the
CORONATION OF CHARLE, X, KINK OP FRANCE.
COTENT-GARDEN THEATRE.
LAST NIOIIT OF THE COMPANY'S PERFORMING TN'S

StA SON.
TttIISDAY, July 10, will be perform e 1
THE INEONSTAN T.
OM larebel, Mr.!. FFTIPII ; Ifpung lati.r.abel.24r.C..Kernble; Durctee,

After erbleh (Bth time) a Kew Piece. called
THE RANSBOTTONIS AT RHEIMS.

CORONA rION OF '6ITA.TitaX,'IZING QF FRANCE.

HAYMARKET THEATRE.
?Lis Ermine. TUESIDA t", July 19, will be performed
TFIE MARRIAGE OF FIGARO.
nearo. Mr. Litton: Susanne, Madame Vestrls.
After which PIGEONS AND CROWS.
Sir Peter Flstrlggln, Mr. Liston: Captain Piralar.n, Mr. Vinlns:
Mrs. Harvey, Mrs. Glover.

ENGLISH OPERA HOUSE.
Thl: Venial. TUESDAY. JulYl9, wine. performed
BROSIGN PROMISES:
Or, TI COLONEL, THE CAPTAIN, AND THE CORPORAL.
The R>aeepal Characters by Minara. Bartley. Broadhurst, '1 hop me,
Wrxrte., W. Rennet:, and Power,: Meadanter. Noel. Sceyberia, Can,
Xeily, Jerrold, and Wcippert. •
After whiehl.oVrS DREAM.
Fredetiek Mr. Wrench; Simon, Mr. 'it. Chapman; Henry
Morton, Sir. Thorne. fetal& Dormer. hllm Kelly.
sAbLries Vra`s.
Th's Evening, TUESDAY, July 19, will be performed
FAIRY BLUZ, ABYSSINIA, AND CURIOSITY CURED.
Tmmorrow and Friday.
JACK.,! FAIRY BLUE, AND ABYSSINIA.
On rsday.
ABYSSINIA. ;AIRY BLUE, ANDThu THE MAN AND THE MARQUIS.
Qn SAturday,
JAC.IO ABYSSINIA, AND CURIOSITY CURED.
ROYAL GARDENS, VAUXHALL.
UNDER THE ESPECIAL PATRONAGE OF HIS MAJESTY.
GRAND CORONATION FETE.
THIS EVENING, TUESDAY, JULY 19.
The Gardens will he most splendidly end appropriately decorated
with nage, Banners ke-. tastefully displayed itt eormnemoration of
1-" e Corot-scion of his Majesty. the Omit gracious Patron of the Gar-
dens, and most brilliantly illuminated with upwards of 63.500 Lamps,
many thoneands of which wilt be disposed In a number of beautthal
Devices. entirely for this Joyful occasion.
The Gardens for this Night 'nil open at Half-pan Fix, with a com-
plete nieces:lton of Entertainments the whole Night, to commence
with a grand Vocal and Instrunlental Concert. with several new
amp, Cde', and other Pieces, during which the Grand Coronation
Anti; em will be sung hr the whole strength of the Company. The
Crehestra, considerably edgrnented and waisted by the Military Rand., I
will perform the Grand Coronation thie, composed expressly fur the
trcenon by Mr. Rook,.
The cdmintst Ballet of " Little Peggye Wedding" will be performed
In the Theatre, between the First and Second Acts of the Concert.
The two Jugglers will, on the Stage, give their separate and asto-
nish:nit Performances, and will also combine their talents, by passing
• Enat number of balls, hgrapid succession, to each other.
The amusing trifle of at °mines Chit-wises In the Theatre. for the
Slot time this Season.
T. athrrd ell the Company an opportunity of witnening the greatly
admired Fantocelni. Mr. Grey will exhibit twin in the Rotunda, the
hscond Performance entirely different.
The ego/grated Young American will go through the entire of his
Iferfotreences en the Slack Rope.
The Comioranuts will be open as usual under the Fire Work Tower.
sod a tpicodid View of the Coronation illuminated for the present
Evenits, •
The beautiful and fairy•llke Illuminated Clrnve, which has abided
the visitors to Vauxhall the most unmixed deight, will, for the third
tune, blase with thousands of variegated lamps. grirtly increased In
aff.vt.

--fee' Proprietors assure the Public, that the Display a Fare Works
Etening wi:l Le far superh.r to soy ever exhibited even at \lux-
halL The celebrated artist, frEritst, receives* large sum extra for
the Coronation Night, and is preparing some beautiful and splendid
Device for the occasion. Blackmon will, as usual, during the
last Ptect, mend the Tight Rope, lOU fast high, to the Moorish l owes,
and descend amidst a tel rite Explosion Of fire.
the Transparencir, rave of nasal. illuminated Fountain, the new
brilliant Star, aye., will be given as Lomal.
The Orand Chinese Entrance will Le opened, and Coachmen and
othart are requested to attend to the arrangements rogpevting ear-
elite's. which will entirely obviate every inconvenience on tile arrival
and derezture of she Company. Additional Pollee are entaud.
Doors open at Half-peat Sik.—Ad an hal on 3s. 6.1.
No Orders given, and the Free List Is es.tiNly suspended, this.
Evening.

The BIIITISII POE'S commenced pubnahlag yesterday
tunr, lax at five'ticlock.
LONDON, TUESDAY, JULY 19, 1925.

The French Papers which arrived last night are occu-
pied chiefly with news relating to Greece. The successes
of the Patriots by sea are confirmed beyond all doubt. We
alluded yesterday to the plan of the Austrian and Russian
Cabinets for the erection of a Creek Monarchy in favour
of Prince GuST ayes, the son of the deposed King of Sw-
pax. This statement is rendered more probable by a re-
cent military appointment conferred on the Prince hy the
Emperor Of AUSTOIA.

Tlie Canstitutionnel refers to the contradictory articles
in the 'Ministerial Journals, as a proof that the French
Cabinet is not agreed as to the recognition of the inde-
pendence of St. Domingo. The Journal de Paris repre-
sents the negotiations to be far advanced, and even on the
point of being concluded, while the Erode states that no
such treaty is possible. It appears by a letter in the
Cosatitolsonnel, from I'ort-au-Prince, that a strange at-
tempt has been made to induce the President of
T 42 to enter into communication with an unauthorised
agent of the French Government. This person was an
Englishman, named ARCHIBALD. Ile landed front -4
French vessel as Port-au-Prince in the uniform of an
Eneith Laval officer, with letters from M. ROTHSCHILD,
of Puiv, to the Corres?ondent *ef a mercantile house at
Havre. The day after his arrival Mr. AteRIBALD soli-
cited a private audience of the President, who required to
know whether he had brought despatches from any Eu-
c0.,21-impen.. Mr. ARCHIBALD admitted that be
ti 'herd( refused. Su7el,

the Frepch Coventacnt ill corzults its own dignity by
adopting such proceedings as these.
The Priest: In France are reviringerery absurdity of the
darkest days of superstition. The Duchess of Resat has
yen her consent to ba godmother to a church bell at
Rouen, and the Ktrio, to testify his sense of the honour,
has ordered 6,000 francs to be expended on the occasion !
When the Duke of NORTHUMBERLAND left Paris he
deposited 6,000 franca with the Grand Almoner, to be d:s-
tributed among the poor of the French capital. The
Bishop of lisamorotrs has sent the money to the Cures,
'in order that it may by !Lem be applied to the purpose for
which it was intended.
[Frani the Etai4 of Sunday.]
ODESSA, Jew: '26.
The accounts from Constantinople of the 19th and 20th of June
mute that the reverses experienced by the Cspitan Pacha are much
more considerable than was imagined. After his departure from

__!ytelene he had several actions with the Greek Adm. Sachtottris,
who was waiting for him, and which, according to the Greek ac-
counts, continued from the 26th .of May to the lth of June, and
always terminated to the disadvantage of the Capitan Pacha. Hs
lost, acceding to these accounts, a frigate and two corvette., whidt
were burnt. Another frigate, all in flames, woe driven on the
coast of Syra. hlachtourie took eight brigs, twelve sloops, these
schooners, and area transitions.
On the 6th Jost a ilfiairopsan vessel met the Capitan Paths near
the Isle of Mho. The Ottoman fleet then consisted of eighteen
tail, viz. seven t4ree-masted vessels and eleven brigs.
It was reported at Crnitantinople that the Greeks hid again at.
ti lied the Capital Paths, and burnt another of his large ships.
Same even relate at he has been taken prisoner, in endeavouring
to escape; others lify that he hats been blown up. However it be,
ali these reports have readily gained credit among the people.
It is repurtedsharen the 17th Cie Sultan appointed a successor to
the Capitan Pacha, in the person of the Paths of Scio.
Our letters speak of the removal of the Capitan Pacha as certain.
It Is not known what bas become of him. Several letters agree in
c3n9rtning his deposition, and the confiscation of all his property.
SEtzt.ix, JULY 1.
Letters from Bitoglia of the 20th June agree that the Turks
have been driven front Solona after a dreadful carnage.

IFrom the Journal de Paris of Ilaturday.]
F/WSILFOUT, JULY 10.
Prince -Gustavus, son of the Ex-King of Sweden, has just been;
appointed Lieutenant-Colonel of the EmpertV of Austria's own
Regiment of Hulans. Tiita nomination causes some sensation at
Vienna, on account of the report which is in circulation that this
young Prince will be proposed to fill the new throne, which is in-
tended to be founded In Greece.
FREVCIT FUNDS.—Pat IL JULY 18.--The *Fire per Centa.ll
opened at 103 f. 30 c. ; closed at 103 f. 48c.; Three per Cents, 78 f.
35 c.; Neapolitan Renter, 091.73 c. ; Spanish Ditto, 171 f. Ex-
change nn London, One Month, 23 f. ; Three 31onths, 24 t. 83 c.—
Coat r Authautique, Jaly lg.
The intelligence from India yesterday is of great im-
portanc?. The inane of the Burmese war can no longer
be doubtful. The whole of Assam has yielded itself up to
the British arms. The capital, Rungpore, surrendered by
capitulation to the Company's troops, under Lieut.-Col.
RtcH•RDS, on the lit of March, after a series of engage-
ments, in which the enemy was defeated in every encounter.
The garrison of Rungpore consisted of about 3,000 fighting
men, of whom 700 preferred remaining. The rat were,
according to the terms of the capitulation, allowed to return
into the Burmese territory. This great acquisition has,

been obtained with little bloodshed. The Avsamese
waited only for an opportunity to shake off the detested
yoke of their oppressors. The same feeling exists through-
out Siam and Pegu, std the natives of those kingdoms are
deserting the standard of the King of Ave, in order that
they may join the British in effecting his overthrow. The
Burmese Empire is falling to ruin io every direction. The
inferior States over which it has tyranised,gladly give their
aid to the conqueror, to whom they look to have their
wrongs avenged, and their future independence protected.
The difficulty of penetrating the enemy's country will be
easily overcome by the assistance the invading armies will
obtain from their new allies. Never was the value of
character better displayed than in this war. The good faith
by which the British name is distinguished, insures the
confidence of the population amongst which our soldiery
advance. Tranquillity prevails wherever the British flag
waves, and the most abundant supplies are readily fur-
uished.

The native troops have behaved admirably in the field.
The conquest of Assam has been almost exclush ely their
work.

The ad vices from Rangoon are to the 4th of February.
Brigadier-General M'CREsnit hail arrived there to tat e
the command, while Sir Ancu. CAMPBELL advanced with
the first di vision up the country, which was .in the most
disturbed and disaffected state. Steam boats, it was stated,
would take the troops up the river, but it is known in
England that two vessels have been taken up by the East
India Company for the conveyance of steam machinery to
India, but that neither of them has yet quitted the River
Thames. There were many reports current respecting a
revolution at Ave, but they rested on no credible founds-
tion. It was expected that the authorities would submit
themselves without resistance. The BUNDOOLA and
Prince SARAWADDI were understood to have concentratedl
their forces on the bank of the river, but it was not known
at what precise point they had stationed themselves.
On the side of Cacher Brigadier General SIRILDITAM
was slowly advancing towards Munnipore. He had to
clear every inch of his road through forests and jungles, al-
most impervious to the foot of man. At the date of the
last accounts he was within 190 miles of that city, wltich
is about 200 miles distant from Amerapoota, the capital
of the Burmese empire. As the route from Bengal to
Munnipore had been considered impracticable, the advance
of General Su eLnHAM is calculated to produce a powerful
effect, by distracting the enemy's attention, and entirely
paralysing his efforts.
The force under Brigadier General Moaarsori had
taken possession of Laodhong without firing a shot. This
place is thirty miles from Arracan, upon which he was
marching as rapidly as the nature of the country would
admit.

The next arrival from the East will probably bring us
the intelligence of the complete reduction of the Burmese,
who are manifestly incapable of offering any effectual re-
sistance to the power they provoked. The plan of opera-
tions on which the British are now acting will speedily
terminate the war, and establish our oriental empire in
greater security than ever.
On the 25th of February a royal salute and three volleys
of musketry were fired at Fort William by order of the
Gov salloß-OENFRAL in honour of the successes of Lieut.-
Colonel RICHARDS. The Papers from Calcutta arc to the
3d of March inclusive.

The news from Greece continues to 11Z highly favourable.
The doubm which had been entertained cf the important
naval victory gained on the 29th of May and Ist of June
over the Turkish fleet, have been entirely removed by let-
ters received from the Island of Syra, where one of the
Ottoman frigates was driven ashore and destroyed. Thew
letters arrtlated on the 3d of June, and gi% e a detailed'
account of the result of the engagcmerit. One 'furkish ship,
carrying LG guns, which bore the flag of the CAFITAN
Pm-11A previous to the action, and one corvette of 3'2 guns,
were destroyed by the Crock fir^-allips. On board of the
fr the linta! !heal hed b: .-%!iarked, he -

'mom" bullion fur thipayttant, so much of the
mili-
tary as of the expenses attending a naval equipment of si-
milar magnitude. Another Ottoman ship of St guns was
driven ashore at gyre, and her crew, consisting of 250
Turks and 16 Franks, were made prisoners and sent to
Napoli di Romania, to which place 25 transports captured
after the action were also destined, and 18 vessels of the
same description to Hydra. The transports were laden
with military stores of every description, including 300
brass guns, with a supply of ammunition necessary to this
field of artillery. Thirty Austrian flags, and five British
ones attempted to cover this valuable freightage, but they
were eli captured, and as each of them had an Ottoman
finnan on board, they were condemned as legal prizes.
It is quite certain that the Greeks are masters of the Ar
chipelago.
The following

alludes to still further

successes of the patriots, and as it proceeds from a highly
respectable quarter, the statements may be relied upon, as
being made in good faith on the part of the Writer:—
EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM ZANTE, DATED .1171:T 21.
, The news from all quarters, brought by boats, is highly favour-
able; the victory over the Turks, at Salons., is continued; the
loss is represented on all aides to be great; they say 4 090 killed
and as many prisoners. This has obliged the Turks to detach a
great part of their force before Miiisolotighi to assist them, and by
(nears of a boat, just arrived from that place, we learn, that the
siege has been raised in consequence of the great desertion since the
victory over the Turkish fleet was known, to which they entirely -
looked for a supply of provisions.
The report is very strongly confirmed, that Jussuff Pacha is made
prisoner at Salona.
Every boat that arrives from the 31orea brings fresh reports of
victories over the k:gyptians; it is said that the Pacha, being de-
termined to follow up hi, advantages, after the burning of Cala..
meta, had advanced so far in oilier to seine an advantageous pmt_'
that after suffering a complete defeat, in which more than 700'
Arabs were killed, he was surrounded by the Greeks under Cola
cotroni. It is known that he is ha great want of provisions, and
anxiously looks for the return of the squadron front Candis.,
There is, however, the test founded reason to suppose, that '
it will not so :.00n, if ever It does, return. I have a letter
from my friend with Admiral 3liattlis, then off' Milo. He says
that the remains of the Capitan Paella's fleet had jested the
Egyptians in Suds, and that Aliaulis had also joined Sactoutis.
They had together 70 sail, and more than 10 fire.shipa with
which they were meditating an attack upon the combined furkish
fleets in Suds the following day, and he says, they appeared so de.
termined that he felt very confident the most favourable. result
might be expected. Indeed. we hear by a vessel, just arrived from
Casetantinople, that the attack had been made., nt least, the Captain
supposes so from the heavy cannonading he heard on passing
Candia.

Letters from Ireland continue to give the most agreeable
accounts of the improving condition of that country. The
influence of capital employed in developing the internal re-
sources of the country is beginning to be felt. This is
improvement proceeding from the best possible source. A
much better spirit prevails than formerly. The 12th of
July passed over without King IVILLIAM'S statue being
dressed, or any other of those painful ebullitions of feeling
that were formerly of such frequent occurrence. Ireland
owes more than it is aware of to the vigilance, discretion,
and moderation of its present Lord Litutenant.

CITY, - MONDAY EVENING.

Scarcely any variation can be noted in the value of public se-
curities since Saturday, nor has any traneaction occurred worthy of
public notice. The Consols opened at Ill! fell to 911 ;1, with.
out any cause, and closed at die opening price. In South Ame-
rican Semliki little variation can be noted, except in those of
Brazil, which are one per cent. lower, and which will continue to
decline until his Brazilian Majesty learns to confine his ambition
within the limits which nature has fixed to his empire. If he can
prevent a separation of the Northern from the Southern States of
his empire, he will display more ability as a Statesman than the
world gives him credit for. As to the five and six thousand Ger-
man troops, by which he is supported, they are already discon-
tented with his Government, and he will find them a broken
reed if he trusts his crows to their fidelity. Under such
circumstances it is not prudent for hint to attempt to extend
the southern boundary of his empire, already far too much
advanced towards the river Plata. Ile cannot succeed in reAoring
any portion of America to European domination, and his own
downfal will be the inevitable consequence of his present conduct,
should he persevere in it.

French Rentes are one-half per cent. dearer, and the general
opinion is, that next month they will attract the attention of
capitalists.
It is impossible to anticipate the future prices of the shares of
public companies generally. Many of then' will descend speedily
into the tomb of the Capulets, whilst others will make splendid
returns to the proprietors.

Two Brazil packets arrived yesterday, bringing letters
from Rio Janeiro to the 21st Mar, from Bahia to the 49th
May, and from Pernambuco to the Gth June. The letters
from Rio do not speak on politics, beyond alluding to the
affair at Monte Video, which has been previously an-
nounced by us. They represent trade to be to!erably
brisk in all the provinces, excepting in Monte Video.
The Pernambn co let ten mention the high Arica of their own
produce, and that the sales of European goods were dull.
Extract of a letter dated La Guayra, May 29 :—Our
cops have a most promiring appearance. Coffee and In-
digo look well every Whew, and our only fear is, that there
will not be sufficient bands to get them in. The following
arc present prices, but until the crops came in, but little
produce is to Ire had : _

Dollars.
Coffee 12 50 per 10016.
Cotton 12 0 do.
llides 12 50 do.
Cocoa 26 75 per 1101 b.
Indigo 24 per lb.
The moment a parcel of Indigo appears, it is greedily
bought up. For Coffee most extravagant prices have been
paid.
Letters have been received from Rio, dated May 21, with
the intelligence, that en the ltd of that month Captain
Grenfell was expected to sail for Monte Video, having under
his convoy three transports and 1,200 troops, to reinforce
the Visconde de Laguira, rho is in some danger, from the
attempt of the Buenos Ayreans to deprive the Brazilian
Empire of the Banda Oriental. The Buenos Ayreans
claim both. Monte Video and the Banda Oriental, and the
Emperor is determined to retain .them.
Extract of a letter from Alvarado, May 4 :—" It is our
opinion, and we had an opportunity to observe the country
in the beginning of 1923, when we were last here, that no
country ever recovered itself so fast and so perfectly from
the evils of war as this. The roads are already quite safe
and the police good. Justice, which formerly was not to
be found in this country, is now promptly and regularly
administered. The her of Alvarado has at present thirteen
feet of water, and sometimes eighteen feet water. In the
months of August and September there is generally very
little we on the bar, but never less than eleven feet."
Rto YANFTRO, MAY 21.—0 n the 19th inst. an em-
bargo was laid on all shipping, southward bound, in con
sequence of advises received from Monte Video of 'the I
starting up of a patriot party in that province, to quell I
which a detachment of troops is about to sail from hence.
Sir F. Macnaghten has returned from India in the (;e- I
neral Hewett. On leaving Calcutta he received addresses
and tributes of respect from neat ly all classes of society.
In October next, two fine ships, carrying sixty, guns
each, will arrive in the Levant front New York, under
the Greek flag., Six otl:er men-of-war, of various classes,
are aho now building for the same purpose, in different
parte of the United titates.
Tit C WEAT it r:ll.—The extreme heat, weeding to the
thermomeer at the north side of the Royal Exchange, was
On Thursday last . . . 78
Friday
Sitionlay 111 i
Stintlny 81
Yesterday 85i
At Paris—
On Thur‘dr.y. nt the slier.
nionieter of Chevalier was at - - 18° •
On Friday, at Noon - . . 24' 2.10
4)nen'Cloek 210 5.10
At Two n'l2oek it was still rising.
Yesterday the deapatches for Bengal, by the ship Java,
Captain William Yonnuhusband, were closed at the East
India Houve, and tielivc:eal ta, the purser of that ship.
The East India Vochit.pi a ship General Hewitt rv-ri red
off Weymouth theleftli instant from Bengal. She left the
Sand Heads the Bth of March :Hal St. Helena the 28th of
:Way. The Boyne tailed from St. Helena at -the same
-ktb the (if

MlLrars TREATISE ON CHRISTIAN DOCTRI V
• Z.

This interesting work was published yesterday—tle
original latin, as well as the translation. The latter 1141
been executed by the Rev. C. R. Sumner, D.D. Librarian
to his Majesty, and appears to be done with fidelity 4,d
!elegance. In its present form, the work constitutes a
'thick quarto, and will, without doubt, be esteemed a thee.
logical treasure of no mean value. With a mind so highly
'endowed as Milton's, and so ardent in the cause of tee
Christian faith, as his poetical works prove that be
was, the nature of an elaborate treatise upou the
his favourite subject, may be easily conceived. The
same logical force, and closeness of reasoning, and the
same severe style of composition rigorously divested
of ornament, which mark Ms other prose writing.
are obs:rvabre here. The arrangement of the suhje,:t
is clear and masterly, and the questions are argtv,4
after the fashion of a strict theological disquisition. Tbe
!quotations from scripture are copious, and in eie 5.,.
jlection and application of them give evidence of a luminous
mind, deeply imbued With the divine beauty and truth cf
,holy writ. There is scarcely a passage in the sacred book re.
!irearkable fur sublimity of diction or sentiment which is Lot. to
befound here put forth in forcible illustration olsoine dot.
I trine of Christianity. The broad basis upon which the
; author seems to have proceeded is that of establishing the
perfect harmony of the Scriptures, their concurrence
with the doctrines of the Christian religion, and tle
consistency of the latter with the natural duties cf
i the mortal state. • In the prosecution of this great a,.,
I deitaking consummate learning and pier! are CriCCC:%
which entitle Milton to be ranked amcng the most emictat
Divines of the Protestant 'Church. Much praise is due to
' I Mr. Lemon, of the State Paper Office, to whose rca.arek
the country is indebted for the discovery of this valuable
'manuscript. His subsequent inquiries have thrown much
light upon the cause of its concealment for so long a period
of time, which seems to have orison from its falling into
the hands of a suspected Papist, about the time of Titus
Oates. It was well known that a treatise of this nature
had been written by Milton; and as a prose work, upon
the subject of the Christian Religion, by the author of
Paradise Lost, with reference to which, indeed, it Ins, be
regarded in the light of a companion, or commentary, by
i• the same hand as the original, it mast evor be regarle:l
las a valuable and curious acquisition.

IVe subjoin the preface, which, in the style and
ments, has an air of melancholy and impressive earntcr,is
about it exceedingly touching:—
Jan Milian, to all the Churches of Christ, and w all who protest
' the Christian Faith throughout the world, peace, and the Re.
cognition of the Truth, and Eternal Salvation in GA the Father,
and in our Lord Jesus Christ.

Since the commencement of the last century, when relit
,ion began to be restored from the corruptions of mon
than thirteen hundred years to something of ire original
purity, many treatises of theology have been published,
conducted according to sounder principles, wherein the
chief heads of Christian doctrine are ea forth sometimes
briefly, sometimes in a more enlarged and methodical or.
Icier. I think myself obliged, therefore, to declare in the
first instance why, if any works have already appeared
perfect as the nature of the subject will admit, I bavenot
remained contented with them—or, if all my predecessors
have treated it unsuccessfully, why their failure has net
deterred me from attempting an urdertuking of a similar
kind.

If I were to say that I had devoted myself to the study
of the Christian religion because nothing else can so effec-
tually rescue the lives and minds of men from those two
detestable curses, slavery and superstition, I should seem
to have acted rather from a regard to try highest earthly
comforts, than from a religious motive.
But since it is only to the individual faith of each that
the D.-ity has opened the way of eternal solvaticn, and as he
requires that he who would be saved should have a perm-
nal belief of his own, I resolved not to repose on the faith
or judgment of others in matters relating to God ; but, on
the one hand, having taken the grounds of my faith from
divine revelation alone, and on the other, having neglected
nothing which depended on my own industry, I thought fit
to scrutinize and ascertain for myself the several points of
my religious belief, by the most careful perusal and meth.
tinier of the Holy Scriptures themselves.
If therefore I mention what has proved beneficial in try
own practice, it is in the hope that others, who have a s.-
miler wish of impreliing themselves, may be thereby in-
riled to pursue the same method. I entered upon an assi-
duous course of study in my youth, beginning with tie
books of the Old and New Testament in their original hr.-
guages, and going diligently through a few of the shorter
systems of divines, in imitation of whom I was in the habit
Of glassine- under certain heads whatever passage of Scrip-
ture occurred for extraction, to be made use of hereafter as
occasion might require. At length I resorted with in-
creased confidence to some of the more copious thedesical
treatises, and to the examination of the arguments advanced
by the conflicting parties respecting certain disputed points
of faith. But, to speak the truth with freedom as well at
candour, I was concerned to discover in many instances
adverse reasonings either evaded by wretched shifts, or at-
t2mpted to be refuted, rather speciously than with solidity,
by an off( sted display of formal sophisms, or by a conata: t
recourse ,to the quibbles of the grammarians ; while, what
was most pertinaciously espoused as the true doctrine,
seemed often defended with more vehemence than strength
of argument, by misconstructions of Scripture, or by the
hasty deduction of erroneous inferences. Owing to these
causes, the truth was sometimes as strenuously opposed as
if it had been an error or a heres)y—while errors and here-
sies were substituted for the truth, and valued rather from
deference to custom and the spirit of party than from the
authority of Scripture.
According to my judgment, therefore, neither my creed
nor my hope of salvation could be safely trusted to such
guides; and yet it appeared highly requisite to posass
some methodical tractate of Christian doctrine, or at loft
to attempt such a disquisition as might be useful in este-
Wishing my faith or assisting try memory. I deemed it
therefore sat.,
st and most advisable to compile -for /Ilya*,
by my own labour and, study, some original treatise which
should be always at band, derived solely from the word or
God itself, and executed with all poisible fidelity, seeing
that I could have no wish, to practise any imposition oa
myself in such a matter.
After a diligent perseverance in this plan for several
years, I perceived that the strong-holds of the reforme.l
religion were sufficiently fortified, 43 far as it was in danger
from the Papists,—but neglect in many other quartets,
neither competently strengthened with works of defence,
nor adequately provided with champions. It was also
evident to me, that, in religion as in other things, the offers
of God were all directed, not to an indolent credulity, but
to constant diligence, and to an unwearied search 'for
truth ; and that more than I was aware of still remaibed.
which required to be more rigidly examined by the rule
of Scripture, and reformed after a more accurate model.
I so far satisfied myself in Ate prosecution of this plan, as at
length to trust that I had discovered, with regard to reli-
gion, what was matter of belief, and what only matter of
opinion. It was also a great solace to me to have compiler'
by God's assistance, a precious aid for tny faith,—or rather
to have laid up for myself a treasure which would be a
provision for my future life, and would remove from tio
mind all grounds for hesitation, as often as it behoved me
to render an account of the principles of my belief.
If I communicate the result of my inquiries to the worl.l
at large; if, as God is my witness, it be with a friend!
Or benignant feeling towards mankind, that 1 readily give
as wide a circulation as possible to what I esteem my hes:
and richest possession, I hope to meet with a caediel
ception from all parties, arid that none at least will fake
t offence, even thongsatrncem
ta ye , thriin
Fos c I )
di'd,r from crercuiga:
1414 t
to lightu
received opinions. I earnestly Irseech all lovers of truth.
not to cry out that the Church is thrown into collineaa
by that freedom of discussion and inquiry which is pant"
to the schools, and ought certainly to be refused to no.la-
liever, since we ate or,lerctl to prove all thine, and OA'
progress ci tl:e li lit of proof is producae far

;If
„1
ki
i
k a
f it
, , 4
1,
I
I'4
°lllll,
4 t
t
i i t 1
. 1
r ti

IIIMINIM31"0.0•11111111111
PRICES OF 8E1.T1311 STOCILII TBSTERDA Y.
3 pit Cent. Red. 381 Legg Ann.= 3.14 6.16
3 per Cent. Coos. 111 Ka.81115,10.1.000/.353336Prn
Ditto Acct. 911 I I I Ditto, 5001. 33 38 33 poi
SA per Cent. Red. NI I phi., Small
:leo 4 per Cent. 19$1 a Lottery Tickets,
PRICE s OF FOltEltliS STOCKS YESTEIWA I.
Basilian Bonds 821 Oreek Bonds
73Ited Scrip Ditto Scrip (1326) 121 12 die
Otte Acct. 11 2 I dis Ditto Acct. 12 111 11111 die
axone Ayres Bonds POI Mexican Bonds i 6 6
CbUton non 79 Dim, Bonds (1826)
Ditto Acct. 721 8011 Ditto Scrip (1825) 21 I Idle
4flombian Ronde Ditto Acct.2ll I I dis
Atm Acct. 86 Peruvian Bonds
Otto Bonds (1324)55 f Dino Scrip (1825) 21 3 dis
L)ftto Aert 86 I I Prussian Bonds (I8)t2) lOU/ I
IRdsish Bonds Russian Bonds 97 6j
17!tto Srri p (1825) 21 dis Ditto Acct. 97/
Prensb Bente' spr Ct. 183 f. 25c. Ditto Inscription 82
Ede. Exchange 141
Enchange 25f. 151 c. • Spanish Cons. t 2
Atte) Rentes 3 wet. /3f. 50c. Ditto Acct. 221
Zatchantte Intille. Ditto Cons. (1(33)

snug t to It, Z/
a.slup.wirCz .COMPAPfIp..
Alliance/14MA and Faring"— 100 11 'CI 6 tv/
• Ditto Jtacinc lOO 5
Ptllatlinm 5O 2 Oil'
11:cretin Fire • 20 2 I I div
I LIGHT •ND CONS coarr•liics.
United general 6O 12 64
HISCHLLATIOUI.
A
Arltish Iron
ray lOO 10 lj
Esititb Rork '7' Patent Salt 60 0 64
IKuicairle k 5O 1 dis
lab • I°4'l • • ....... 100 2 •
. • • •. • . ........ .110 11-• 311 4 dis
Lembo • Company...—. 60 '2 104 I
Actrcip,litasi 26 1 die
Provincial Sankt"( iralsatl .3 L 100 6 102 L
ca...let Dye 5O 3 2i
West India ar Company
Efts Mrittoft Sireoo•
