MOUSE OF COMMONS, THURSDAY, MARCH O.

Mr. Johnson, from the Office of Irish Affitirg, appears♦! at the
Bar, and presented Papers relative to the Clerks of the Peace in
Irelsnd.

Lord LOWTHER brought up the Report from the Committee
on the Ledbury Road Bill. Some amendments were pmoosed
and agreed to. The amended Rill wa. then ordered to be printed.
DEBTORS' AND CREDripits. ARRANGEMENT

BILL.
Sir C. COLE presented a petition from Neath, In Glamorgan.
shire, in favour of the Debtors' end Creditors' Arrangement Bill.
PORT OF BRISTOL.

Mr. BRIGHT moved for a return of the number of ships, with
their mule( tire toenage,which had entered the port nfßristol during
the years 1829. 11123, 1824, and 1825, frtnn France, Spain, thy
Northern Powers of Europe, and the United Staten of Anterice
distinguishing the numbers front the different nations during each
year.
EASTER RECESS.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER, in the absence
of his Right. Mon. Friend the Secretary for Foreign Affatine,
moved thnt the House, at its rising. do aajourn to Wednesday, the
Oth day of April.—Mot ion agreed to.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Petitions were presented from Folkinghatn, in Lincolnshire. and
from a district of Cumberland, praying eor the abolition of slat cry.
—Ordered to be printed.
Mr: W. SMITH moved for returns cnncerning the number of
slaves in the Mauritius, and the circumstance* of their situation et
the time of their capture and since that period. The Hon. Mem.
ber then presented petitions for the abolition of slavery from Set.
tie, in Yorkshire ; from Burton, Northamptonshire ; from Bel.

On the question that the Speaker should leave the Chair,
Mr. 111 ME rose and said that he had net heard from his Ma-
jesty's Ministers any satisfactory answer on the subject of the sums
voted for Charitable Institutions in Ireland. Year after year the
House went on voting larger and larger sums ; and there appeared
to be no limit to the expenses of those institutions; it was therefore
his wish to state his opinion on the subject, in order that it might
be placed on the Journals of the House. The House had op-
pointed a Committee in 11317, to inquire into the nature of these
establishments, and they reported that the average sum, for six
years mevitins to lOW, voted annually by the Irish Par-
liament for charitable institutions, was 47,281/., and that by
the Act of Union it was stipulated that, for the period of twenty •
years, an annual vote of a sum of not less than that should be
made. The period so guaranteed by Parliament for the payment
having long since expired, he was anxious that the vote should be
fully and properly considered, for which purpose it was his inten-
tion to move an amendment. It appeared that in ICI*, when the
Irish Parliament made the stipulation, there were only seven cha-
ritable institutions for which that aid was demanded ; but at the
present period there were no less than nineteep. being an inc ease
of twelve charitable institutions which the British public were
called upon to support. Ile was therefore anxious that die flouse
should adopt the proposition which he was about to place in their
hands. The Hon. Gentleman then moved, " That while the prin.
ciple of supporting large charities was extremely questionable, and
while distress prevailed to such an extent in Great Britain, it be.
came the duty of the House to institute air inquiry, for It appeared
that while 371.,5ta1f. was regn for the miscellaneous services of
Ireland. no less a sum than 171.761./. was regvired for the present
year tar the support of charitable •institudans, and for which the
Irish Parliament voted only 47,21141."
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, that if the
present was the Bret time on which the House was called upon to
consider the propriety of the vote for Irish Charitable Institutions,
then he perhaps should he disposed to consider the question in the
same point of view as the Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Hume): but as
the maintenance of these charities had been stipulated for In an
article of the Union, it became a question of principle to continue
them.

Mr. HUME—Only for twenty years.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER Raid, certainly
,that was the period stipulated for; but still the lion. Gentle- I
man could not suppose it was the duty of the House to throw every
thing loose, because the time had ceased, at the same time he had
no difficulty in saying, that his Majesty', Government had • duty '
to perform in bringing those expenses to the most moderate scale,
possible. The population of Dublin was well known to be
very much crowded together, which was exceedingly prejudicial to
health, and he felt 'Assured the House would not he disposed to
put an end to them charitable institutions which afforded the poor
to question relief from the evils occasioned by that circutnitance.
Ile (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) was perfectly ready to co-
operate with the lion. Gentleman as far as was compatible with
feelings of humanity. Every thing that could be done ought to be
done, to prevent the expense growing to a larger amount; and it
was the business, as well as the duty, of his Majesty's Government
to reduce the expense as much as possible.
Mr. HUME said he was not one who would wish to withdraw
any sum from those whose necessities required it ; but as the
charge in question had gone on for several years increasing, instead
of decreasing, he, for one, had no confidence in the Right Hon.
Gentleman (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) or in any part of his
Majesty's Government.
The House then divided, when there appeared--
I For the Amendment - 6 1 Against it - 60
vr Majority against the Amendment - 54
On our re-admission into the gallery, the Report bad been re. t
ceived, and we found—
Mr. HUME objecting to the Resolution of granting 25,0001. to
the Society for the Education of the poor in Ireland. He said the.
he had examined the returns of the Kildare place Society, by
which it appeared that they had exactly 70 scholars in each school
for each county. and that there were the same numbers for the
years 1024, 1025, 11126, whereas it appeared from the report that
instead of their being 1,500, there were not more than 8110 schools,
and that the number of scholars instead of being 100,000 amounted
only to 52,000. He would ask the Right lion. Gentleman (Mr.
Gotilburn) what the Kildare-place Society could want with 15
clerks and ten inspectors, whose travelling expenees alone amounted
to 2.2501. in addition to their salaries and allowances. The Society
had received no less a sum than 94,000/. since its formation, and he ,
objected therefore to any increase beyond the vote of last year.
also objected to the enormous sum for tracts. It appeared that
25.52 e had been distributed, and the one which he held io his hand
called a " Search after Sin," was a tissue of nonsense that was very
abominable. lie, however, did not mean to put down the Imo].
tit done. He only wished to keep the expense at the name amount
that it was last year; and wished to know when the Parliamentary
Commission which was sitting on the subject of Education in
Ireland, would submit their plan to the House.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that he
hoped the Report in question as to the plan of education would be
laid before the House in the next Session.
Mr. HUME then moved the following resolution, " that it is the
opinion of this 'louse that no increase or expense ahotild be allowed
for the education of the poor in Ireland, and therefore that the
amount he reduced from 25,0001. to 22,000 L the same as last year.
Mr. F. LEWIS defended the Society for the Discouragement of
Viet:, who were the distributors of tracts in Ireland, horn the at-

Ott the resmintioo that the sum of 31000/. be granted to (he
Moors or the Foundling Hospital
Mr. 4:C.lli:objected to the principle of this establishment
gether. lie considered that the people of Ireland had no
right to call upon England to pay hw the maintenance of
the bastards of Ireland (laughter) ; we had enough to do to support
our owe. (Much laughter.) Since the Union no less it Nom chit*
733,6721. bad been paid by England for this portions. winch wew
abominable. Ile appealed to the H9r. Member for Dover (31r.
Butterworth), who had hero tamed, in Ireland. whether, by sopporr_
ing this Intonation., he thought it was a means of emulating toe
morals of the people of that country ? Few yeses am) the Right
Hon. Secretary (Mr. Goullnn) said in Parliamsnt that this ewes.
lishment was wrong in principle ; theienire the annerisinent by
continuing to snake then mote became portitlf4 esi
' (Laughter.) lie should therdiese move a resolution. declaring
•hat the policy of Foundling lloapiuds was equbrocal, and in a
high degree objectionable, eapecially when they called worm the
people of (heat B twin to support such Institutions in Ireland, at
the same time that they were paying seven milliwts sterling per
annum, parochial rates ; and that those Institutions hemline as re-
prenensinle, to point of morality, as it was profligate ir. practice. as
Was apparee t. front the expense 'tit the Dahlia Institution, front
1794 to 1799, being 8,13771. annually, whereas the warn the House
`was called open to gran" for the present year was 31,0(112
The bl kiIiJEL a said that the raeolatton mopmed by the Ron.
' ALlMMlledesthiaot, conssateatly yids the Stems of the House, be
gut. Whiliate motion was for thessisnd reading of a resolution,
as amentlinrst might be proposed either that the rum should be
iocreased or diminished. But not'aing could be proposed by way
of amerriment which embraced any euojeer that was not in the
report of the Co.nruittee itself. Nothing indeed etuld be proposel
las an amendment, except it was in yard ntaieHo.
Mr. 111.711 E confessed he did trot underetand Mr. Speaker, but
he was bound to bow to his decision. Ali that he had to poor se
then was, that the sum of :11,0001. should be reduced to 27,000/.
being the sum at which it stood in 1819.
Strangers were then ordered to withdraw ; and on a divinion the
amendment was negatived by a majority of 23, there hiring 32 in
tivour el the original Resolution, and four against it.
On the Resolution that 19.:11111/, be granted to tne Trustees of the
Linen Manufacture in Ireland.
Me. Hi AIE said there appeared to be no leis than 74 Treater;
appointed in various ways in Ireland, which was essentially a Ca-
tholie country, end yet not one of there was at this moment (at
feted was not two years ago) a Roman Catholic. What system
could be more exclusive than this ? In a late appointment in the
North, where a vacancy of Seal Minter had taken place (he meant
at Coleraine), an able and intelligent gentleman had the reecon-
menelation of 39 of the principal manufacturers to tit) it, but their
recommendation was spurned at, anti the situation was given to an
individual who was an apothecary of Coleraine, and who occupied
some ten or twelve other situations at the time. The House had
got rid in Scotland of all these regulations respecting the linen
trade. and it was found that every thing was better conducted than
before; on that ground he thought the grant to Ireland otight to be
considerably reduced. The individual whose recommendation hid
been thus set aside petitioned 'lir Board, but his petition was re-
jected. It was obvious therefor!, that these Boards were perverted
to private purposes, and that private interests alone regolared their
whole proceedings. It appeared by the Report then before him, that
the votes oldie money granted to this Board had been made in several
instances by four individuals, all of the Caine family. Mn. John
Claudius Beresford was the gentleman who recommended the aro.
thecary to the situation, and his app,intment was approved by four
trustees, of whom Mr. Ile eel nd was one, and the others were ti.l
related to him. Those gentlemen were the Bishop of Kilmore,
who seas brother to Mr. Beresford, Sir George Hill, brother-in-law
to Mr. Beresford, and .Mr. Clements, also brother-in-law to Mr.
Bitesford. It also appeared thatthose tour trustees had at diffn-
rent times' disposed of no less than 1ti,5001. of the public money by
their votes alone. He therefore thought the proposed grant was
one of the most objectionable that could possibly be made.
Mr GDULBORN was not in a situation to answer as to who
were the persons present at the Board when the money was voted ;
but he thought the circumstance of their being made by four mem-
bers of one family was not in itself a sufficient ground for objecting
to the grant.
Mr. HUME explained.
The vote was then agreed to.
Upon to e motion for a grant of 11,8901., for the Dublin Society,
Mr. HUME objected that the English people paid for the Re-
views and Magazines which the gentlemen of Dublin chose aa
amuse themselves by reading.
Af e• a few words from Mr. GOULBURN the vote was
agr....ed to.
Upon the motion that 11,0501. be granted to the Commissioners
of Wide Streets in Dublin, Mr. HUME made some observations,
the import of which we did not catch.—The resolution was
a„;rre Ito.
Up to ihe motion for a grant of 24,150!., for the Beard of 'II
in Ireland, Mr. HUME said that this vote arose out of that unne-
cessary and idle expense of the Irish Court. At least three-fourths
of the expenses included in this vote might be done 4‘4,1,' with.
There were expenses for gardens and pleasure.grounds, which were
quite monstrous.
Mr. GOULBURN thought that the House could seareelylobjett
to the amount of the vote, when they were informed that ail tiro'
public buddinge in Ireland were kept in repair out of it. A great
many other expenses were also paid out of it; for instaren the
lieepimt thirty miles of a turnpike road in repair.
T, e resolution was agreed to.
. . . . _

U. -o the motion for; vote of 34.0001., for conducting criminal
prosteutions in Ireland. Mr. HU3IE beggtd to know huw so large
an expense wet; incurred. It appeared to Mm quite enormons.
Mr. GOULBURN said the Government were obliged totinder-
take ma'ny prosecutions in Ireland which it was thought enneceS-
saey to interfere with in this country. This was found to advance
the ends of justice in a very prat degree. The Government was
also obliged to protect prosecutors subsequent to the trials in which
they were concerned,' in expense which the state of-the country err:-
dere(' necessary.
The vote was then agreed to.
Upon the motion that 90001. begranted for the purchase of pie.
tuns for the National Gallery, Mr. HUM E inquired whether +t
was intended to make any report to the House by which the public
would be enabled to judge whether works of merit were purchased,
or whether the money granted was properly applied.
Mr. IfERRIES did not know that it was intended to brlwg up a
report, but there could be no objection to giving the Hon. Gentle-
man and the House the information desired.
The vote was then agreed to, as were several other resolution.
The Report was ordered to be taken into further consideration en
the 10th of April next.
Lord PA L3IERSTON obtained leave to bring in a Bill for r:•-
gulating the quartering of soldiers upon inn-keepers and others
He also moved for a new writ for the borough of St. Michael's, in
the room of William Taylor Money, Esq. who bad accepted the
office of ('onsol General for Venice.

, -...--.
The other orders of the day were then disposed of, and the
Howse adjourned at Eight o'clock, to Wednesday, sth Aprll.

MINORITIES.
-.011111.-- -

On Mr. Hume's Motion to Redoes the Vote for the Foundling Hospitid at
Outdin from 31,6001. to 27,0001., as It stood in IBIS.
Grosvenor, tin. R. Lockhart, J.
Ilobhonse, J. C. Rice, S. Home, J. Wood., AM.

On Arr./Nine's Mutton respecting the Principle of Charitable Institutions
in Ireland.
Fergasson, bk 11. TYLLItiII....
Lockhart, J. Hume, .1. Wood, Ald.
Smith, W.

Bright, R.
Bailee, T. B.
Ellice, E.

PARLIAMENTARY PAPERS.
EXTRACTS FROM THE CHANCERY REPORT.
(Continued from our Paper of yesterday.]
PROPOSITIONS.
19. That in cases where there is only one defendant to a suit,
thereafter the answer of the defendant is to be deemed sufficient,
whether it be in term time or in vacation, the plaintiff, if he ratan
to proceed by amending his bill, shall file such amended bill within
six weeks ; and, if he require an answer, shall serve his subinena
to answer withib one week after filing his amended bill.
20. That, in cases where there are two or more defendants, there
the plaintiff shall be at liberty to file an amended bill, within six
weeks after the last answer is to be deemed sufficient.
21. That in aU cases of subpoenas to answer amended bills, the
service shall be upon the clerk In court.
22. That after the answers of all the defendants are to tic
deemed sufficient, whether it be in term time or in variation, the
plaintiff, if he mean to proceed by setting down the cause to he
heard on bill and answer, shall set down the same with the Regis-
! trar before the expiration of one month, and shall serve Mosul,.
none to hear judgment within a fortnight after the eau'e is set
d two,
23. That after the answer of a defendant iv to be deemed yogi.
dent, whether it be in term time or in vacation. if the plaintiff do
not proceed in his cause, the defendant shall be at liberty to move,
at the first seal after the following term, upon notice, that the
plaintiff's bill do stand dismilned out of Court. tor want of prose-
cution ; and such bill shall be dismissed accordingly. unless the
plaintiff shall file his replication, and appear upou the motion, and
undertake so speed his cause with effect In the usual farm.
21, That where it happens that the defendant is entitled, sc.
cording to the foregoing order, to move to dismiss the bill foe
want of prosecution, but the plaintiff is not prepared to tile h.s
replication, by reason that he has not obtained a sufficient answer
from Another defendant or other defendants, there the plaintiff may
apply, to the Court for further time to elehie replication, by way
of answer to the notickof motion to dismiss foe want of proecu.

dor ; and the alai will then grant such further time to the plain.,
of we nib revocation aa shall be reasonable. provided the plain.
tiff esn satisfy the Court, that he has used due dillee to obtain
a stailicient answer from such other defendant or defendants, ►u
act otherwise.

2s. That where the plaintiff files his replication, before he re-
mien notice from the defendant of a motion to dismiss for want of
peosecation, he shall serve the subpsena to rejoin, and obtain au
seder for a commission, within one week from the filing of the re-
plication ; and if such order he obtained in term time, then each
asateksion shall be, at the latest, returnable on the first return of
the following term ; and If such order be obtained in the vacation,
ekes such commission shall be returnable, at the latest, on the last
return of the following term; the parties being then at liberty to
execute the same in term time, without order; and where such
commission is seturnabbe en or before the first return of the follow-
ing term, then the plaintiff shall glee his rules to produce wit-
nesses, and pass publication in that term, and shall set down his
cease to be heard in the following term. And where such com-
mission is returnable on or before the last return of the following
term, there the plaintiff shall give his rules to produce witnesses,
sad pass publication, in the next term, and shall set down his
cause to be heard in the dried term, and if the plaintiff' shall make
default herein, then, upon application by the defendant, upon
motion of course, or b petition without service, the plaintiff's
bill obeli stand di out of Court, with costs.

26. That, in all eases the subpona to rejoin shall Issue, without
order for that ptwpose, and be made returnable immediately, and
shall be served on the Clerk In Court.

27. That, after replication filed, the plaintiff shall not be per-
mitted to withdraw his replication and amend his bill, without
special order, obtained upon a notice of motion, stating the matter
of the proposed amendment.
28. That a plaintiff may, before replication, obtain one order to
amend his bill, as of course; bat, for the purpose of avoiding
amendments for delay or vexation, no further order shall be o-
tained by the plaintiff to amend his bill, unless in cases of mere
formal amendment, until the draft of the intended amended bill
has been settled by Counsel, and has bent signed by him, in testi-
mony of his approbation thereof, nor unless the plaintiff and his
solicitor, or the solicitor alone, if the plaintiff be abroad or under
incapacity, do make an affidavit, that the draft of the Intended bill
be. been so settled and approved by Counsel, and that the amend-
ment is not intended for the purpose of delay or vexation, but
because it is considered to be material to the plaintiff's case.
S 9. That every order obtained by the plaintiff, to amend his bill,
shall contain an undertaking, on the part of the plaintiff, to amend
Lu bill, ana, if be require an answer, to serve the sabprena to an-
swer, within three weeks from the date of such order, and if the
plaintiff make default herein, the order to amend shall thereupon
become absolutely null and void ; and, as to dismission for want of
prosecution by the defendant, the cause shall stand in the same
Etuation, as if no such order to amend had ever been made.

30. That where the plaintiff' requires an answer to an amended
bill, there a defendant shall, without order, be allowed in a town
Gauge, five weeks, and In a country cause, six weeks time, to plead
answer or demur, not demurring alone; but whether in a town o
country case, if the defendant do not plead, answer, or demur t„'
the plaintiff's amended bill within eight days after appearance'
the plaintiff shall be entitled, es of course, upon motion, to the.
amnion injunction for stay of the defendant's proceedings at law :
and that, whether in a town or country cause, the defendant shall
not be permitted to demur alone, after the expiration of fifteen days
from thy day of appearance.
31. That where the plaintiff requires no answer to an amended
bid, there a defendant shall, without order. be at liberty to put in
an answer to such bill, within ten days from the time of filing
Each amended bill.
32. That the time which omits between the last Real after Tri-
nity Term, mod the first seal before Michaelmas Term, and be-
tween the last seal at•tr 3liehaelmas Term, and the first scat hehwe
Hilary Term, shall not be reckoned in the computation of time,
which as allowed to any piny to make application for varying the
minutes of a decree at order, or for staying the proceedings under a
decree or order; nor in the computation of time, which is allowed
to a defendant. to answer, plead, or demur, to an original bill, or
an amended bill, or to answer exceptions; nor in the computation
of time, which Is allowed to a plaintiff, to amend his bill, de to file
exceptions to a defendant's answer.
33. That in all cases where the plaintiff is diented to pay to the
defendant the costs of the suit, the defendant shall be allotted, on
taxation, the costs of every amendment made to the bill, by the
plaintiff, unless it be deemed that the amendment was rendered
necessary by the default of the defendant; the several sums which
were paid by the plaintiff', at the times of the amendments accord-
ing to the course of' the Court, being deducted therefrom.
31. That in all cases where upon taxation, • plaintiff, who has
obtained a decree with costa, is not allowed the costs of any amend-
ment made to the bill, upon the ground that such amendment was
unnecessarily made; there the defendant's costs. occastoned by
such amendment, shall be taxed, and the amount thereof deducted
from the costs to be paid by the defendant to the plaintiff:
34, That, upon the allowance of • plea or demurrer, the plaintiff
rrhall pay to the defendant the taxed costs, as between party and
party ; and where such plea or demurrer is to the whole bill, there
the plaintiff shall also pay to the defendant the further taxed costs
of the suit. as between party and party ; unless, in case of a plea,
the plaintiff shall undertake to reply to the plea, and then the costs
shall be reserved ; or unless the Court shall think lit to make other
order to the conteary.
3f.. That, upon the over-ruling a plea or demurrer, the de-
femiant shall to the plaintiff the taxed costs, as between party
rind piny ; the Court shall think fit to make other over to
the contrary.
37. That where the plaintiff obtains • decree with costs, there,
upon taxation, the plaintiff shall be alinwed the taxed costs which
had been occasioned to him by the insufficiency of the defendant's
answer or answent such sum or aunts being deducted therefrom
ne were paid by the defendant, according to the course of the Court,
On his answering the exceptions.
311. That all IMO in process of contempt, In town MI!" may
be made returnable immediately, without order; and that all writs
in process of contempt, in country causes. may be made return-
able iu vacation, so that there are fifteen days between the teate and
the return of the writ; and that upon all process of contempt, the
patty in contempt do pay the taxed casts; such costs to be certified
by the adverse clerk in Court.

(To be continued.)

DUTCH PAPERS.

HAGUE. iliMtail 19.
A private letter from Luxemburgh, of 14th March, contains the
following particulars :
The federal fortress of Luennhurgh was given up yesterday, the
r 13th to the German Confederation. The following are the parti-
culars which preceded and accompanied the ceremony ; circum-
stances which are not only remarkable, but give ground's. various
reelections. 4;
since the 10th the Netherland authorities have kept mom toge-
ther. in spite of the endeavours of the other party. Neither the
t:ivil Governor nor Major-General Van Goedecke, in his character
of Military Governor and of Commissioner of his 31a4esty the King
of the Netherlands, have accepted the repeated invitations of the 111i-
heavy Government, which daily gives all sorts of entertainments. His
Excellency the Civil Governor, 31. Willmar, gave, on Saturday the
11th, a grand entertainment, at which none but Netherland lune-
tionariee were present. The Commissioners of the (lemma Cottle.
deratiun several times times waited onGeneral Van Goedecke, who
heftily abided by his instructions with a dignity which really does
him honour. On the 13th his Highness the Prince of liaise horn.
burg, Governor of the Fortress, acquainted General Van Goetlee.ke
that the solemnity of giving up the fortress would take place at 11
o'clock. Every thing was prepared for the purpose ; the three re-
Pimetita of the-lime, vit. : the 30th, 330). and 10th, composing the
rasaian garrison, made themselves ready for the parade, when an
Aid-de-Camp of the General presented to his Highness the Prince
Governor, a protest nit the part of the King of the Netherlands, to
which the Prince replied, "it is now too late." the ceremony
now began : the keys of the fortress were presented by the 3lajor
de Place to the Commandant ; the littler gave them to the Prince
Governor, who delivered the keys into the hands of the COUlMlN-
sinners of the German Confederation, and an oath, in the name of
the Confederation, having been administered to the Commandant,
the keys were returned to him. All this took place on the parade,
whertm his Highness, accompanied by the Generals, Lieutenant-
.fisdvals. and many superior officers, proceeded to his Hotel, be-
tee, which the three regiments above mentioned twice defiled in
grand parade.
It is particularly to be remarked that none of the Netherlands
Authorities were present at the entertainment, as the materiel of
the fortress is still under the authority of the King. The Cunt.
nossioners of the Confederation say that the giving up of the fortress,
which has now taken place only in form, shall be really carried into
. effect in a fortnight.
It may be easily supposed that this event, attended with la Many
peculiar circumstances, must give occasion to a:1 kitels of refl:ctions.
Among other things, it Is remarkable that the prodarnarion of the
hill.tary Governor concerning the delivery of the fortress, which
was posted up in the city, has been several times pulled down; and
that the sentinels have received orders to have a watchful eye on it.
The Second Chamber of the states General WOfiLllll2 to discuss
the new criminal code.

MARCH lg.

Mercantile letters from Frankfort. received in this city, speak ht
the following terms:—" All the accounts which we receive from
tl e frontiers of Roasts agree in stating that many arrests still con.
unue to be made in different provinces of the empire. At St. Pe-
tersburg's. 51uscost, and other great cities. every thing is tranquil;
but it is observed that this calm is gloomy, which nom mane
uneasiness. Meantime the investigation of the great conspiracy is
ding wilt activity, and important discoveries appear to have
rvroetmade. We need scarcely add ths: these circumstances are a
great hindrance to mercantile transactions."
The Federal fortress of Luxemburg was deterred up on the
'Rik of this month. with the usual solemnities. to the Ciainitssiasers
PppoLited by the German Confederation to receive i:.

Foreigners smile at the inconsistency of our Statute Book.
One Act prohibits gaming—a second secins to legalise it by
11'in:stamps on cards and dice—whilst a third has actually
abolished Lotteries, the most placid, fair, and innocent
mode of adventure ever invented, and iinlecd the on:r one
whereby every person has an equal chance with his neigh-
boar; and by which any wan, woman, or child, may, for;
very 'anal] 'min of money, gain a princtly fin tune in a few
days, as in the present Lottery, which we perceive is the
very 461 but one that ever will be submiitul to the public.

ITOCRS YESTERDAY.
South Sea New AonuMot ny
Lx. RUN 10A01. 3 4 3 3 pm
Ditto 1,001. 3 4 2 3 pm
Ditto Small 3 4 2 3 pris
Lottery Tickets 311.11 i.

FRI('Es OF FUBEIGIN
Brasilia+ floats al
Ohlllan Bomb SO
Ditto Acct. :A)
Colombian Bonds
Won Honda 16.(-1)1101 I 60
Mao Acet. j
Ibialmh Bond, (Itc2) La i
Ditto Acct. 85; 4 *
'ranch Mente• 3 pa Cart. 6it.
hisshauge 25f. sk.
Guadalajara Bondi
