FREE PEOPLE OF COLOUR.

Lord ELLEVlTolltiliiillXdhe Va.; petition to present
from a person of the name of Saunders, upon a subject which
had not been touched upon during the late discussions upon
shivery—he meant the state of the free people of colour in the
Colonies. His Lordship thought it would be good policy to raise
that people to a perfect equality with the white population. At
present the evidence of a free man of colour could not be taken
against a white, tiddler could he be a constable nor a juror. It
would be a wise measure to raise such persons in the scale of
society; and he wished to know front the Noble Earl at the
head of the Colonial Department whether any measure had
been taken for that purpose by his 111 sjesty's Ministers.
Earl BATII MIST said the subject had been under the con.
sideration of Government, and representations had been made upon
it to the Colonial legislatures.

CURRENCY IN IRELAND.

...—......
On the presentation of a petition against slavery, by the Earl of
Carnuvon,

The Earl of LIMERICK rose, and was proceeding to make
some observations on the present banking system in Ireland,
when he was interrupted by
The Earl of LIVERPOOL, who called him to order, and said
that he at first thought the Noble Earl was about to speak upon
the subject of the petition which was before their Lordships, but
he perceived the Noble Earl was about to enter upon another
topic. He begged to remind him that the petition had not been
disposed of.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said the petition had not peen
disposed of, but he could not put a question upon it until ailed
upon by the Noble Earl who had presented it.
The Earl of CARNARVON then moved that the petition be
received, which was agreed to.
The petition was from Ringwood, and is noticed above, under
the head of slavery.
The Earl of LIMERICK said that when he had been called
to order, he was about to present a petition from the City of
Limerick, against the abolition of small notes in Ireland. The
people of Ireland were as unanimous in their opposition to
any alteration in the present system of banking in that country
as the people of Scotland to any change in the system in that
country. The people knew that any such alteration would be
against their dearest interests, and they could not look upon it
in any other light, whether it originated with friend or the. In
the South of Ireland there was not more than one bank issuing
small notes at present. There had been lately an extensive
failure of a banking-house In Cork, and a second had
suspended payments in consequence of the death of the
principal proprietor. The consequence was, that the people
were so alarmed that they would not take any mall notes
but with great caution. There was a joint stock company lately
established there, with great capital add security, and there was
little danger now of any fusilier failures. In consequence of the
late assimilation of the currency of the two countries, a great num-
ber of small notes had been withdrawn out of circulation, and this
was an additional reason why there was little danger to apprehend
from the circulation of such notes as were now issued, and
even these were all payable in gold. The Rank of Ireland would
not pay gold for its notes but in Dublin. The other banks must
pay where they issue, which is an additional advantage in favour of
the present circulation. His Lordship could not conceive any
thing more mischievous to the interests of Ireland, than the insinu-
ation that there was too great an issue of paper in that country : he
would wish to have the subject referred to a Committee on the State
of Ireland, and he hoped the Scotch would join the Irish in re-
sisting the extension of the Small Notes Dill beyond England. His
Lordship then presented the petition, which he hoped, as coming
from the Chamber of Commerce of the third city in Ireland, would
meet with a favourable reception from their Lordships.—Laid on
the table. _ _ _ _ _

blr. Portman, and other Members of the House of Commons,
brought up the Scotch Jurors' Bill, she Irish Imprisonment and
Hard lAbour Bill, and a Bill for the establishment of Asylums for
the Lunatic Poor in Ireland.
