RARE AND VALUABLE BOOKS.

By Mr. EVANS,
At his House, No. 93, Pall-mall, THIS and TWO following
DAYS (Sunday excepted),
ALIBRARY of rare, fine, and valuable BOOKS,
recently consigned from Madrid by an eminent Collector,
containing an excellent collection of Greek and Latin Classics,
scarce Spanish and Italian Books, Montfaucnn. Antiquite Ex-
pliquee, l3vols.large paper; Antiquedadea Arabes de Espana;
Coleccion de la Cronicas de Espana, 7 vels. large paper, rare;
Antonfi Bibliotheca Vetus et Nova, 4 vols. large paper t Obraa de
Lope de Vega, 21 vols. large paper, very scarce; D'Osson Tableau
de l'Empire Ottoman, 2 vols. ; Ciceroni. Opera, Oliveti, 9 vols.,
Par. 1740 ; Oratores Gracia Reske, 12 vols. 6c. bee.

KENT.
ST. MARY'S HALL.
Highly Valuable Freehold Farms, Land Tea redeemed. compris.l
I_nie 621 Acres, 2 Ronda, 16 Perches, of exceedingly tine fertile
Meadow, Marsh, Arable. and Wood lands.
By Messrs. STEVENS and BRENCHLEY,
At the Auction Mart, London, on FRIDAY, July 22, 1825, at
12 o'clock, in 4 boot
AN Important FREEHOLD PROPERTY, compris-
ing the Manor of St. Mary's Hall. and 521 acres, 2 roods,
16 perches, of exceedingly rich Land. situate in the parish of Still ary
Hoo, distant seven miles from Rochester, and 34 from London.
comprising,
Lot 1. Three Hundred and Fifteen Acres and twenty-seven ,
perches of excellent Marsh, Meadow, and Arable Land, whereof
300 acres and 27 perches are in hand, and the remainder let for a
term, which will expire at Christmas, 1027, at an annual rent of
Hi. 10s.
' Lot 2. Twenty-one acres, I rood, 1 perch, of Marsh Land, con-
: riguous to the preceding ; part of which is let on lease for a term
of 12 years from Michaelmas lut, at a rent of 411. per annum: the
remainder is let to James Ellis, Esq. at anannual rent of 10/.
Lot 3. A Free Public House, called the Bell. situate on the
high road, and let to Charles Thompson, Esq., at an annual rent
of 301.
Lot 4. The Manor, or reputed Maxtor, of St. Mary's Ilan, with
the right of sporting ; a capital harm House, (Intim. Barn, Sta-
bles, and other requisite Outbuildings, and 184 acres, 3 roods,
9 perches, of Arable, Meadow, and Wood Lands.
The land tax upon the whole of this very desirable property is
redeemed, and the value is estimated at 1,0001. per annum.
May be viewed ; and Particulars, with Plans annexed, had at
the place of sale; at the Crown and Bull inns, Rochester; Lord
Nelson, Gravesend; Fountain, Canterbury; Bull, Dartford; Bell
and Star inns, Maidstone; of Messrs. Ellis, Sons, Walmsley, and
Gorton, solicitor*, Chancery-lane; and of Messrs. Stevens and
Brenehley, 36, Old Jewry, bondon.


EXTENSIVE LEASEHOLD ESTATES, BRIXTON,
At low Ground Rents.
By DRAYTON and VENTO3II,
At the Auction Mar:, on TUESDAY NEXT, at It! (by order
of the Assignee of an Insolvent, with consent of the 31ortgagee),
in Seven Lou,
Lots 1,2, 3. `IX NEW BRICK-BUILT DIVEL-
s3 LING-HOUSES; Four of them Private
Houses, and each of the end ones with bow-fronted Shoes, very
eligibly situated in an intended new road, to be called the Dulwich
New Road, near Vassal-place, Brixton ; held for 7u years, at
61. Cs. each house.

-----
Lot 4. The BRICK-WORK, forming the 1 ASEIIIENT
STORY, computed at Forty Rods, with the Floor Joists for Tcn
Housat, in the same road ; held for the like terms, at 64. Gs. each
house.

Lot 5. An UNFINISHED HOUSE of SIX ROOMS, with
the Foundation and Garden Walls of another adjoining, situate in
Russell-street, near Vaseal-place ; held for the same term, at 61.
6s. each.

Lots 6 and 7. FOUR UNFINISHED BRICK-BUILT
HOUSES, of Six Rooms each, in Holland's Retreat, near the last
Lot; held for the like term, at 61. 61. each.
The whole of these Houses have been erected with superior and
picked materials, under the superintendence of the Insolvent, with-
out attention to expense; are in a neighbourhood of the first re-
spectability, and where property of this description is very readily
tenanted at liberal rents; and offer to the public a favourable op-
portunity for secure investment.

May be viewed ; and printed particulars had at the Horns, Kln-
nington ; Prince of Wales, Bri=ton; Swan, Stockwell; of Mr.
Child, solicitor, 128, Upper Thames-street ; Messrs. Freeman
and Heathcote, solicitors, 47, Coleman.street ; of Drayton and
Ventom, auctioneers, surveyors, and estate agents, 97, Leadenhall.
street; and at the Auction Mart.

LOWER TOOTING, PECKHAM, AND WALWORTH.
VALUABLE LEASEHOLD PROPERTY, AT LOW

GROUND RENTS.
By DRAYTON and VENTOM,
At the Mart, oo TUESDAY NEXT. at 12. in Six Lots,
Lot 1. FIGHT Newly-erected, BRICK-BUILT, and
STUCCOED RESIDENCES, with slated roofs,
built in pairs, delightfully situate at Tooting-grove, bower Toot-
ing, seven miles from London, and contiguous to the high road,
containing each three chambers, two parlours, kitchen garden, and
fore-court.

Lots 2 and 3. Two BRICK-BUILT DWELLING HOUSES.
numbered 1 and 2. Brighton-place, near the Rosemary Branch, at
Peckham, containing each three chambers, glued-fronted shop,
parlour, kitchen, yard, and separate entrance, in the occupation of
Messrs. Cozens and Delafield, at 27!. each.

Lot 4. Two superior BRICK-BUILT and well-timbered CAR-
CASSES of four chambers, two parlours, two kitchens, and gar-
den each, in Southampton-place, contiguous to Lot 6, both which
have been erected under the superintendence of a surveyor of
eminence.

Lot 6. Seven newly-erected, BRICK-BUILT, and STUC-
COED RESIDENCES. with slated and tiled roofs, numbered 1
to 7 inclusive, in Rosemary-terrace, at the end of Diamond-street,
Rosemary Branch-lane, containing each two chamben, two sitting
rooms, kitchen, and yard, with the water laid on.

Lot 6. A most respectable LEASEHOLD, newly-erected,
BRICK-BUILT DWELLING - HOUSE, with convenient
double-glazed Fronted Shop, situated near the Kennington end of
a new street called Hill-street, Montpelier-fields, between Wal.
worth and Kennington ; let to a responsible tenant.
These Houses have been recently built of well-seasoned materials
by the proprietors, possess accommodations for respectable fa-
milies ; are held for term■ of 60, 00, and 90 years, at low ground
rents, and present to the capitalist a peculiar opportunity for an in-
vestment.

May be viewed till the sale.
Printed Particulars had at the Castle, Tonttrig ; Horns, Wren.
nington ; Rosemary Branch, Peckham ; of Messrs. Overton and
Coombe, solicitors, Tokcnhouse•yard ; of Drayton and Vcntom,
Auctioneers, Surveyors, and Estate Agents, 117, Leatlenhall.street
And at the Auction Mart.

~~ J

HOUSE OF LORDS,'f ituasnae, JUNE 23.
Mr. Tomlin,. from the Treasury- presented accounts of the
value and quantity of the Baltic and American timber imported.
The Quarantine Laws Regulation Bill was read a third ume
' and passed, as were several private Bills.
JUDGES' SA I.4RIES AtIO3II•;NTATION BILL.
The Earl of LIVER POOIs mdved the Order of the Day for the
second reading of the Judge? Salaries Augmentation Bill. The
Noble End observed, that it was unnecessary to trouble their Lord.
ships on this subject to any considerable extent. There were several
Bills upon the table of the House, all of which tended to the
same point; he 'meld firer move the second reading of the Bill for
abolishing the sale of offices in the Court of King's Bench. He
cottisl only say. that the principle of those Bills had been
thoroughly considered, and all who had attended to the important
subject admitted that in justice the regulation. es it had previously
been, required some alteration. At present a great ',onion of the
salary of the Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench was pro-
cured by the sale cif offices, which sax in the eatimition of all who
had duly weighed the matter an unseemly thing, anti &much better
plan was suggentea by Parliament in the abolition of the esle-of those
offices, and in fixing the salaries of the Judges. once Tor all, as the
ought to be fixed. • It was intended by the Bill not only to abolish
the sale of all offices whatsoever, but that all sinecure places in
those Courts should be prospectively Abolished ; those persons who
now held such offices being of course exempted from any such re-
gulation. The Bill then had three grand objects ; first, to do away
with of offices; secondly, the abolition atilt sinecure
of Law and thirdly, to give such salaries to she
vmPRIWIMPRISMININseseMiimid tateremble pled ,just.
,t respect to what sum ought to be, It must be of course arbi-
trary ; the Bill proposed the following arrangement, and that ar-
rangement he confessed met with his approbation. It was proposed
then to give to the Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench,
who, standing es be did, in a high and responsible situation, had
higher claims than the other Judges, a clear salary of 10,0001 a-
year ; to give to the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas
11,0001. a-year the Chief Baron'of the Court dl' Exchequer 7,000/.
a-year the Master of the Rolls, 7,f0 0/.: the Vice Chancellor,
6,0001. ; and the Puisne Judges, -5,5001. There were different
opinions as to tote sum that ought to be fixed; but, considering the
respectability, the responsibility, the time of life, and the high rank
of the Judges. together wtth the laborious duties they had to mil,
form, be did not conceive the sum decided upon to be at all too
much. or that any individual hulling those distinguished offices
woulthbe overpaid. Their Lordships should consider that the
eons
-
ems to till those Office, should be sought for from among those bar.
rimers who were in respectable business ; that they should suffi-
ciently far advanced in life to be experienced in the important du-
ties they had to perform, Mid yet young enough to enable the coun-
try to look forward to have the benefit o that experience for a con-
siderable period. Now, it would be impossible to look for such
persons unless their salaries were sufficiently large to enable them
to support the rank they were promoted to. Under these eircunt-
stances, he telt confident that their Lordships would agree with him
in considering that the regulation proposed by this Bill was tines-
31ITT OW just.
The ~,,larquis of LANSDOWN said, that the Bill before the
House was of very great importance, as any Bill must be that re-
lated to such important stations as those that were filled by the
Judges of the land. He did not rise to oppose the Bill, but merely
for the purpose of adverting to one topic that was connected with it.
He gave his unqualified assent to the principle that the mode of
paying the Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench by the sale
of offices, wall one that p:aced them in a very unpleasant condi-
tion, and that the mode now proposed of paying them by a fixed
salary was a far preferable plan. He also felt, that with respect to
the Pulshe Judges, it was necessary to raise their salaries to some-
thing 'leer the extent proposed, in order to enable them tdmaintain that
rank and resnectability in society which their station and the credit of
the country demanded from them. He would not, however, say, that
he altogether approved of the Bill in its minor details. lie thought
that some leaser sum might be given to those who held the ethers,
ands greater to those who had retired from them ; and he grounded
this opinion on the knowledge that very few of the Judges were
enabled to save any considerable sum for the maintenance of their
future rank and that of their family. The object of the Bill then
vas to give such temptation to the ablest men in the conntry as
would induce them to take those offices upon them. He should be I
sorry if there were any disposition in Parliament to carry its libee.l
ality to too great an extent, because it might produce effects that
would be equally injurious to the country, for the moment any of.,
five was overpaid, that moment it became an object of political
I solicitation and the means of political influence; and whatever
might have been the intentions of those who so formed it,
led to results which the country might have much reason
to reret. The of of the Judges of the land he knew
had been most of all
_preserved from any evils of this kind.
and he hoped they would continue so. Such was not the case,
however, in all countries, and we had the testimony of Cottu, that
in France the Chiefs of all offices under Government were expected
to Mar in their opinions a precise resemblance to the political opi-
nions of that Government. It would be, indeed, a misfortune, if
in this country such a principle not only extended to the Chief., bat
to the Puisne Judges. He certainly !did think, that raising the so.
lanes of persons so situated had a tendency to create this evil, and
that they would therefore require the utmost vigilance of Perlis.'
meat. lie agreed fully in the propriety of abolishing the sale of '
offices, as such a principle might impede the course of justice. The
present was, however, a proper opportunity for calling the atten-
tion of the House to another branch of the subject, which had long
rested, and continued to rest, on a principle directly opposite to the
principle of this Bill, viz. the state of judicature in Wales. The
only way to make justice in that country pure and unsullied, was
to make its Judges independent, and altogether disconnected
from the other House of Parliament. All foreigners formed their
opinion of a country from the Judges of the land, and if such opi-
nions were formed from the state of the Judges in Wales, they
would have a poor estimation of this country. In Wales the sala-
ries of the Judges were very low, while their number was very
great, and they were constantly looking (it was Impossible to deny
the fact) to political influence. He had. never heard a reason why,
when such alteratians and improvements were going forward in
every way—when restrictions on trade were removing—when corn.
merce was put upon so equitable a footing, this grossest anomaly
should be permitted to remain, directly opposed as it was to the
principle of the Bill now before their Lordship. He trusted that
this subject would occupy the attention of the Government. He
was sure that it was a matter which grew out of the question their
Lordships were then considering. Ile would not advert to recent
circumstances connected with this topic, because these circum-
stances might conic before the House in another way. He knew
that among the Judges in Wales there were to be found many most
respectable persons ; but he hoped the nature of their situations
would come under the consideration of his Majesty's Government
and their Lordships.
Lord ELLEN BOROUGH said, that if the object of this Bill
were to abolish the sale of offices in the Court of King's Bench,
on a natural calculation such an object could not be effected before
the expiration of thirty yeses. The Bill did not put an end to a
single fee, yet the fees in most offices and in his (Lord Ellen-
borough's) office in particular, had undergone very little iteration
during 200 years—indeed, from their first formation in 1630. Sales
of offices by Lord Chief Justices very seldom took place ; they bad
beer, given generally to the relatives of those individuals, and had I
thus certainly been of advantage to them ; he did not see any mi.-
chief that could arise from this privilege of sale; if there were n
objection to the sale of the advowscn of a living, on the same prin-
ciple there could not be any objection to the sale of an office in a
Court of Law. Twenty years ago the Chief Justices had double the
salaries of the Puisne Judges, and they had also all the patronage
I attached to their office. It was now proposed to take away this pa-
tronage, and he really did not see why. Ile regretted that he did
not see other Judges beside,. the Lord Chancellor in that House.
Bat if any Judge weneraised to the Peerage, it would be impossi.
ble for him to support the station he Was entitled to, and to rave
such a sum as to permit his family to keep up thi dignity of their
rank. Another suhiect to which be felt it necessary to refer was,
that whizh gave a retired salary to the Puisne Jut ges of 3,000/:
a-year, and a retired salary to the Chief Justice of 4,oool.—the
salary while in office being to the one 10,0063., and to the other
3.600/. The country, according to this arrangement, did not give
a retired salary to the Chief Justice in proportion to that given to
the Puisne Judges, although the former held an infinitely higher
end more responsible situation than the latter. lie objected gene-
rally to the manner In chich this Bill was drawn up, and believed
that when it went into a Committee, their lordships would and it
necessary to make many material alterations, with a view to clear-
ness. With regard to the Bill itself, he believed the public would
derive no great advantage from it—at least not until a distant
period.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said that ft was not necessary to
enter into the details required by the Noble Lord (Ellenborough) ;
but he felt it necessary to say a few words in reply to what that
Noble Lord had said. The Noble Lord had remarked that the
Billtagesawttoenulddanntotonocctuhristilia odfistailisnotfirserhiinodg.theNsalo
otheocfeoffi
woulde
be saleable after the passing of the Bill ; but it certainly was not
aindvthane Court
meant to affect those persons who had previously purchased offices.
There were two ways of bringing about the desired end. One
was by buying out the existing interests, and the other was by
allowing them to expire. The latter was the one adopted ; and
lie wss sure, that if the former had been decided upon, such a
decision would have given rise to innumerable disputes, for in-
dividuals would have considered that they did not receive enough,
and Government might have thought that they had been given
too much. The more natural and expedient course then was, to
let those interests expire. But either the one course or the other
might with equal justice have been applied. As to the way of
paying the Judges there did appear to be something very un-
seemly and invidious in allowing them to receive their salaries from
the ale of offices in their Courts; and he thought that every one
who reflected on the subject would perceive the greater propriety of
the mode now adopted. The salaries of the Chief Justices might
have been double what they now were; but if so, the circumstance
was certainly accidental. • The question their Lordships had to
consider was, what would be a fair and just remuneration for the
duties he had to perform ? In his opinion, 10,0001. a year was not
too much, but was quite sufficient. Then came the question as sie
what ought to be given to the Puisne Judgesi and he put it to their

_

The Earl of LIVERPOOL-observed, that although it Mi.`,l 7
a greater advantage to have the Assizes held in the centre of ,
county instead of the borders, he thought such disadvantage
than compensated by the holding the Assizes in a small t, a..
instead at a large one.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN thought there was-too great
distinction made in the Bill between the salaries proposed to I
granted to the Master of the Rolls and the Vice-Chancellor ;
thought the public looked with considerable anxiety to the Repe-
of the Comniussioners of Inquiry.rclative to the Court ef Chance.,
and lie hoped, if such should be the opinion of the Commi.e.ifmtr,,
that the salary of the Vice-Chancellor would be placid on a tooting,
nearer to that of the Master of the Rolls.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said, that as the biastir of th.:
solis had had no augmentation to his salary when the salaries of
the Judges were formerly increased, and as it was superior iii rank
to that of Vice-Chancellor, it was considered that the dillirenc:
between the two salaries ought to amount to 1,0091. a-year.
The Earl of LAUDE [WALE hoped that the two offices would
be placed on the same footing.
The LORD CHANCELIA3R said, that the late blaster of thii.
Rolls, Sir William (Rant, ore of the most-eminent Judges this
country had ever produced, had not made any statement -for the
purpose of gaining any augmentation of salary, and this was the
reason why it was not augmented. Ile owed it to one of the best
men he had ever known to make this statement. He hoped a licr,
their Lordships had received the Report of the Commissioarrs, they
would take into consideration the salary of the Vice.Chaneellor.
The Ball was then read a second time, as were also the sever:,)
Bills in connexion with it.
EQUITABLE LOAN BILL. -
On the question, that the amendments introduced into the Equis
table Loan Bill be agreed to—
The LORD CH A NCELIAMI said it was his intention simply
to say, " Not content" to the several amendments. They were an
many, that to enter into their merits would occupy the Ume of the
House too long. It would be far better to consider thepropriery of
passing the Dill on the third reading. When that came on he ex-
pected a large attendance of their Lordships. Indeed, helleard that
cards had been issued, intimating that the Equitable Loan Bill
was to be " at home to-marrow."—(A laugh.)
The Duke of ATIIOL said a few words in support of the Bill.
After a short conversation, in which the Loan (InaAcx tton,
the Earl of LAUDERDALE, and the Puke of ATHOL took part,
the Report was agreed to, and the Bill ordered to be rt ad a third
time tomorrow. •

On the motion of dm LORD CHANCELLOROI e'r Lord-
ships were ordered to be summoned for tokolorrow.

IRISH CI'RRENCY ASSIMILATION BILL.
The Earl of SHAFTESBITRY moved the third reading of the
Irish Currency Assimilation Bill.
The Earl of CLIIDEN said he did not rise to oppose the- Bill,
on the contrary tie, was very glad that such a meauurc hacf beta
introduced. /ifuch ineonventenes resulted from the former syvtern,
and the conduct of the Bank of Ireland tended rather to increase
than to remove the inconvenience.
After some further remarks from the Noble Earl, in which he
stated that the Bank of Ireland had, in imitation of the Bitk
England, exceeded the issues to which it was by law li.t.ited, the
Bill was read a third time and
DISTILLERYe RILL.
The Distillery Bill went through a Committee. The report was
subsequently brought up and received.
MESSAOE FROM THE 'COMMONS.
Sir J. Sir JOUNIVROTTESLICT, and other., brought
up from the Commons the Edinburgh Bonds Bill, the Farther-
ship Societies' (Scotland) Bill; the Plate Pinkie Transfer Bill, the
Writs of Error Bill, the East India Judges' Salaries Bill, Moore..
Divorce Bill, and the Edinburgh Commercial Bai.k Bill; all
which were read a first time.
CONOLETON PETITION.

Earl OROYENOR said, that a misconception had gone abroad
as to a petition presented from Congleton, in favour of die Cathobc
claims. The fact was, that a Right Rev. Prelate made some re-
marks as to another petition presented on the same subject from a
different place (Preston, we understood,) and from some cc:infusion
the observations were supposed to apply to the Congleton petition.
The mayor and corporation of Congletan, who, with many othe,
respectable individuals, signed the !alter petition, were 1,1,1
that the mistake should be corrected ; and that it 5h,..01.1 be gcrh..-
rally known that all the petitioners were adults.
SCULLY r. SCULLY.
The LORD CHANCELLOR gore jugement in this cause
He said, their lordships had affirmed the Judgement of the Iris.,
' Court of Chancery, but dkmisseci,the appeal without c 0,15.
Theoadjournedher Orden
a t h f theputtavyrn o'clock. of weethen disposed tf, and the
House

HOUSE OF COMMONS. THURSDAY, Jrxr 73.

Mr. Tomlins, from the Trea•urv, brought up an account of thit
gross receipt of revenue from the excise.
EDINBURGH COMMERCIAL BANK.
The Edinburgh Commercial Bank Company's Bill was sod s
third time and passed.
OR DNA NCB.
Sir 11. HARDING E, in presenting papers from the 0114.111 m
Office, said, he souk! not for the present &ore that they be pnntod„
became he wished the Uonaurable Member for Aberdeen, at whoa•

kT-

*natation they had been hams& MU* over them. and say what
he wished to be printed. The peoperetioe of these documents had
oheady cost the office three menthe labour, and dad minting, if
they were all printed, coast be et a met of above 40K He dwe-
lt* withed the Honourable Gendemen te see them, end cat rider
how much of that expense neightbe awed.
NEWSPAPERS BILL.
The Nempapers Bill was mad a third time, and passed.
00.11BINATIONS OF WORKME.N,
Mr. WALLACE moved the second reading of the Combinations
et Workmen Bill.
Mr. CA LCRAFT entreated the Right Honourable Gentleman
tem toga further with this Bill until Members were in poesession
of die evidence on which it was Abunded. For his pan he
bed only been able to cast a very hasty glance over it, without even
examining the Appendix 1 and he hoped the Right Honourable
Gentleman would see the necessity of postponing the consideration
if such an important subject noM Member* who, like himself, had
not been on the Committee, should have a fair opportunity to read
tie Report and the evidence. when it was printed.
Mr. WALLACE sohnitted the pat importance of the subject,
and the necessity of its being well and fully considered. He felt
the appeal of the Honourable Member to be perfectly irresistible,
and really could not pretend to push on the consideration of tie
Oil under the absence of a thorough knowledge of the subject la
all its bearings. The evidence could net, he feared, be mimed,
and in the hands of Members, before Saturday.; but he hoped en
early day would be allowed him after that time. The house muse
be aware that any appearance of :Astern:l this measure prometled
from the state of the Session.
After* few words from Mr. CatcaarT and Mr. Ro 88888 OX,
Mr. WALLACE moved the second reading, with the under.
standing that the discussing on the provisions of the Bill should
take place on the question of the Speaker's leaving the chair.
The Bill was then vend a secoml that, and ordered to be Mel-
mined on Monday next.
COMMITTEE ON PRIVATE BUSINESS.
Mr. LYTTLETON mod, he had a motion, founded on the Re-
port of a Select Committee en Private Bills, standing that night for
discussion ; but he thought it the better comae to move now, that
the Resolutions thumb!' m that Report be printed., for the purpose
e their being token idedmmideration with it on a future occasion.
The =raw elialßesolatlone wax agreed to, and the
Raped into emaideratioh on Monday next.
Sligrie.4 °in/RANTS. .
On the motion if mitAWE R R rEB. the Report on the Surplus
of Grants Bill was biumplit ris,,reesived, and the llill ordered to be
read a third time tIMIATIO..
CUSTOMS BOUNTIES BILL.
On the tondos, of the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER,
the Comma Bounties Rill was read a third time and passed.
PASSAGE FEEMIGIAEGULATION BILL
On the motion off the CHAN LLOR of the EXCHEQUER,
the Passage Vessels Regulation waa reed a third tine sad
passed.
GOODS WAREHOUSING BILL.
The Goods Warehousing Bill was read a third time and passed.
HIM OF MAN TRADE BILL.
The Isle of Man Trade 114 was read a-third rime and passed.
DUBLIN WIDE STREETS.
The• Wide Streets (Dublin) Bill was read a third time and
pied.
• COLONIES TRADE BILL.
r. the Committee upon the Colonies Trade Bill, Mr. HUME.
complaining of the inexpedient, and irepolicy of depriving the
eloionies of a supply of provisions for the benefit of this country.
moved, man amendment, to omit the wards '• salt and fresh beef,
pork and brava."
Mr. HERRIES hoped the Hon. Gentleman would not press his
eidendment; the House had no notice of his intention.
ANT some conversation between Mr. BARIWO, Mr. Butosx,
Mr. ELLice, and Mr. Hums, the amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. HUME gave notice that he would resume the subject next
11111'he other Resolutions were then agreed to, and the Report was
besmeht up and ordered to be received tomorrow.
MESSAGE FROM THR LORDS.
A messam from the Lord, announced their Lordships agrommast
so the Bite:lngham House Bill, and various other published pd.
V&A Bills.
TURNPIKE LAWS.

Mr. HUME resented a petition from Thomas Poynter, gar-
dener, of North End, Fulham, in the county of Middlesex, corn-
plainit.g of the Turnpike Laws, by which, as the Hon. Gentleman
obwrv.B, an . ass paid as much as a home. and two oxen no more
than one solitary donkey.—Laid on the !Ibie.
HAWKERS ACT.
Mr.-HUME presented a petition from a hawker named Alex-
ander line. complaining of his loseesity the seizure of his pack on
the borders between England and Scotland, and of the state of the
bler with regard to pedlars, the Act of England not extending to
bcotland and Ireland. and rite versa. Laid on tae table.
MR. SHREWSBURY.
r.DUXTON rose to submit a motion on the papers re
lazing to Mr. Shrewsbury, the late Missionary at Barbadoes, of
which be had given previous notice. In bringing forward this
motion, lie was desirous of avoiding all extraneous topics, and, in-
deed, of waving all comment upon the awe, anxious only to sub-
mit a plain mamma of facts to the consideration of the House.
He would therefore lay a brief detail of Mr. Shrewsbury's history
before them. This gentleman had been for some time a Dissent-
ing Minister in this country, and had conducted himself to the
entire satisfaction of those who were connected with him here. In
1818, he was sent out Si Missionary to the Island of Tortola. Ile
continued to discharge the duties of a Missionary there for two
years, and obtained the most satisfactorytestimonials as to the highly
creditable manner in which he discharged the duties of his mission.
From Tortola he removed to Grenada. He there demeaned him-
..

self in an equsily satisfactory manner, and as a proof of the high
estimation in which he was held, when Alr.Shrewsbury solicited sub-
scriptions for the building ofa Weslyan Chapel, he received 60 gu isms
from the Governor and 10 guineas from his Secretary, as their re-
spective mites to his undertaking. His conduct merited and ob-
Word the earne approbation in Grenada that it had received at
Tennis Mt. Rosa, a proprietor of considerable property there,
had borne the highest testimony to his character. In • letter,
*asking of hit conduct, he said " that he was a man who would
have done honour to any society or any Christian community."
The Interfurther stated, any
since his arrival in the Island, there
wen more frequent marriages, the, conduct of those who com-
pete* his flock was greatly improved, and altogether his mission
was attended with the greatest benefits to the Colony. After the
successful exertions of 31r. Shrewsbury in Tortola and Grenada,
he was selected to the mission of Barbadoes, where, horn the pe-
en:tar situation of that island, his exertions might have been ex-
pected to be most beneficial. By the papers laid before that House
in /803, it appeared that a most angry spirit of religious persecu-
tion prevented in that island, and he was sorry to say that he had
too strong reasons fur believing that • similar spirit prevailed there
up to the present day. It required the appointment of a mis.
sinner, to this Colony who would combine a sense of duty to the
nerves. and spirit of conciliation to those who were their masters,
and such an union of qualifications was found in Mr. Shrewsbury.
Me. Shrewsbury was himself, by connexion and feeling, naturally
anxious for the welfare and advancement of those Colonies. He
wan married himself to • West Indian, and there was reason to
'appose him anything rather than • partisan of the abolitionists.
Me had been charged, however, with writing letters to him (Mr.
Buxton), yet be (31r. Buxton) could assure the House, that he had
not received any communications from him until he had read in
the papers that 31 r. Shrewsbury was going to be hanged for cot-
respbnding with him. (A laugh.) And here he was desirous of
taking an opportuni:y of assuring the House, that he never kept
up soy correspondence with any of the missionaries, either of the
Alomian' London, or any other Society. A letter, he believed,
had been addressed by • Society—the Abolition of Slavery So.
chtv(as we understood) with which he was connected, requesting the
missionaries to inform the Society of the state of the negro impala.
tion on their respective minions. One of these letters was addressed
en Mr.Shrewsbury, to which he replied, end in which he gave, ter-
sanely, a very melancholy, but he believed also a very true state-
ment of the state of the colony of Barbadoes. This letter was
poblished. It might be said that this inquiry ought not to have
be* made; or that if made. Mr. Shrewsbury ought not to have
replied to it; or that if he replied to it, his reply ought
not to have been published But, in adopting this course,
dm Society had only adopted the course which had been
set by the example of the Government on a similar ma-
n*. In 1818 Lord Bathurst addressed letters to the Clergy of the
Colonies, requesting to know what was the state of the Colonies as
to religion, &c. Letters were written in repl7 to these communize.
tions, giving, certainly, a most melancholy picture of the Colonies
as the points on which inquiry sou made, and these letters were
subsequently laid upon the table of that House; se that it would
appear, in making similar inquiries—in receiving them--and in af-
ters/adds publishing them, the Society had only followed the exam.
plc which Government had given it. (Hear, hear.) He would now
proceed to the statement of that which formed the subject matter of
*e complaint of Mr. Shrewsbury. He had been for three years
and three quarters in the Nand of Barbadoes During the first
dna, years of his residence he discharged the duties of his mission
without any great annoyance; lie passed over without any severe
complaint or animadvasion the many insults which had been put
upon him, such as persons coming into his chapel and whistling •
tune. The meekness with which he passed over and endured these
mutts from the gentry of Barbadoes was truly exemplary.
It was not, however, until 1823 that these insults broke out
in the shape of open violence, when Alr. Shrewsbury was
Insulted as a vilain in the open streets. This feeling of
hostility assumed a still more aggravated appearance on the
Bth of October 1823. On that day, whilst the congregation of
Mr. Shrewsbury was assembled together, an assault was made upon
them by a moo of persons from without_a mob in which there]
was reason to believe many of the gentry of Barbodoev were en-1
gaged. The assault was made by discharging upon them bottles
prepared for the occasion, containing oil and aquafortis. These
bottles actually' were discharged upon the congregation; a woman,
and several other persons were severely wounded by them, and it
was hoped that mean, would be afforded by the confusion created
of making an assault upon Mr. Shrewsbury. These bottles he be.
limed were prepared by an inhabitant of the island who was a met-
chant and a Magistrate. (Hear.) His two eons were conspicuous
is the riot, and .Jr. Newsom, a member of the respectable pro-
nation of the law, distinguished himself by assuming a formidable
attitude on the rails of the communion table. Mr. Shrew/stmt.y
meekly retired to the vestry, waited there till die riot had asbsidetl, '
and then returned to complete the service. (Hear, hear.) A te-
ssera of 304 bad been ineffectually. offered for the epprehension of
hose who were engaged in the not ; and on the next day, whoa
Mr. Shrewsbury was paring through the streets. he was publicly
Insulted as in was passing the shop of the merchant where the bot-
stes had been prepared. A number of persons there eaelsimed

..

WI"

.__. j

his hearing, " the villain had been served right;" sad that " be
ought to have been torn from the pulpit." (Hear. hem) H•ime. ;
further heard, that he (Mr.S.) might prosecute the mess* irks ma
been engaged in the assault, but that " he would not fart ajury be
bring them in guilty." (Beer, hear.) Thbt occOvetil OS the 6th
of October. On the 7th of October a riot was made, but compere-
lively urimportant to other disturbances. He would not, there-
fore, dwell upon it. The Bth of October was a general fasting-
day throughout the island, in commemoration of the Wand being
preserved fronsa storm on that day of the month, In the year 1700.
In the evening of that day, an assault was matte on the congrega-
tion, by thirty persons gallopping before the Chapel. and who
sought an opportunity of the confusion created by the Going of pis-
tol* which they discharged, of wreaking vengeance upon Mr.
Shrewsbury. But they were finally put to flight by the officers who
were on guard io the vicinity of the Chapel, without effectingtheir
purpose. One or Mr. S.'s congregation returned and saki, that it was
oohing but the firing of a cracker, and the service was resumed.
and proceeded without farther interruption. And here he was tie.
aims of stating. that this mob which made an asitault upon the
chapel was composed of persons who, as far as wealth could
make them so, were gentlemen—they were merchants and traders ;
bat it was composed neither of the negmes or the mulattoes or
the island. He wished to be understood as to the persons who
were engaged in this disgraceful business :—The population of
the island was divided into four classes, and the persons en-
gaged in this shameful business, he was desirous of taking en op.
portunity of stating, were neither of the highest nor of the lowest
class. (Hear, hear.) The next day Mr. Shrewsbury was sum-
moned before one of those Magistrates; not, however, for the
hurpose of instituting an inquiry into the injuries that had been
eaped upon him, but for the purpose of answering to a charge of
not having enrolled his name in the militia. By the Toleration Act
in this country a person in his situation, was exempt from serving
io the militia; hut an advantage, he presumed, WAS taken of this
Act not being enacted to extend to the Colcnies. Surrounded by
thesocircemstances of embarrassment, AleShrewsbury betook him_
self to the house of a relation in another part or the island ; and it
was well that he had done so--his house ws surrounded by the
party that had before assaulted him and his congregation ; and
finding that he was not at home, they exclaimed in triumph,
that „the coward had run away." On the 16th of October Mr.
Shrewsbury applied to the Governor, and was by him referred to
the Alagistratest—he Alagistretes, his most ferocious enemies. It
must be admitted that the Governor was unpopular, and he (Mr.
Buxton) would stare the reason why he was so. A planter had
occasioned • negro to be dogged to death, and he had escaped,
and.* reward was offered fee his apprehension : another r-gre also
bad been put to death, and a similar reward had been offered for
the apprebensino of the person by whom he tame by his death. It
hened sometime,efterwards that an ilnglisbetim, a man of very
peigate and drunken habits, had been found dead in a fickle and,
there was no reason to apprehend that lie had come ty his death by
murder, no reward was offered for his supposed murderer. This
was the grouted of the unpopularity of the Governor, and a very
unjustifiable one he (Mr. Buxton) thought it was. Mr. Shrews.
bury did not apply to the Alsgistmtes: and here he would re-
ply to an argument about eo be used by his floe. Friend (51r.
Horton (a laugh). He would repeat, that he was about to reply to
an argument of his lion. Friend: for if he did not rely upon the
argument of Mr. Shrewsbury oat having done what he WAS sleeked
to do by an application to the Magistrates, he would not have a leg
to stand upon. t Hear, hear.) His /lon. Friend would say be might
'to have applied to them. Now he (Mr. Buxton) would say, that
he ought not, or that, if he ought, to which of them ought lie
'to apply? IVas it to Mr. Hall, at whose shop the mixtures to which
be had alluded bad been prepared ? was it to Mr. Moore, whe had
summoned him to appear before him, when to appear would be cleat It ?
Before which of these Magistrates, all of whom had manifested
their humility towards him, he would be glad to know, epas he to
appear ? It was his (Mr. B.'a) conviction, that he ought not to have
appeared before any of theist. In this emergency he applied for
advice to • clergyman, who gave hint, be believed, very sincere and
disinterested advice. The name of the clergyman he would sup-
press. lest be might meet the fate of Mr. Austin of Demerara. He
'dirtied hint to apply to the Council of the island—an advice with
which he complied. Meanwhile the assailants of Mr. Shrewebury
had not been remiss. And here he had to detail conduct which
would et-imperatively cast into the shade all that he had hitherto
stated. On the 18th of October a proclamation, professing to be
from a secret committee, was issued, calling upon the inhabitants
to meet together at six o'clock on the ensuing Sunday, to
pull down the Methodist chapel. They accordingly met, to
the number, as was stated by one recorder of the events,
of one thousand ; or, as was stated by the Governor, " there
was R vast concourse of persons." No negro nor mulatto
was to he found amongst them. They proceeded, armed
with swords, ter. to the work of destruction, and succeeded in de-
molishing the chapel, in tearing up the pews, destroying the Bibles,
&c. 'They then proceeded to the house of Al r. Shrewsbury,destroy-
ed the furniture, of his house, and having demolished the principal
part of his property, made a deg of some of the linen they found
in his house, which they waved as a flag of triumph. The next
evening they proceeded to the work of demolition, and completed
in the way of destruction what they had left undone. In the ac-
count given of their success in the work they took in hand, the
Editor of a colonial newspaper stated. that the Wesleyan chapel
was destroyed like the Temple of Jerusalem. not one stone being
left to stand upon another (Hear, hear, and a slight laugh.) The
next day they published a proclamation over the island, boasting of
the great and signal victory they hail achieved over the Methodists,
and congratulating the inhabitants on the demolition of the chapel.
This annunciation was to the following effect :
Bridgetown, Tuesday, Oct. 21, 1823.
" The inhabitants of this island arc respectfully informed, that
in consequence of the unmerited and unprovoked attacks which
have been repeatedly made upon the coinntuvity by the Methodist
Missionaries (otherwise known as agents to the villainous African
Society), a party of respectable gentlemen formed the resolution of
closing the Methodist concern altogether; with this view they
commenced their labours on Sunday evening, and they have the
greatest satisfaction in announcing that by twelve o'clock last night
they effected the total destruction of the chapel. To this informa-
tion they have to add. that the Missionary made his escape yester-
day afternoon in a smell vessel, for St. Vincent, thereby avoiding
that expression of the public feeling towards him, personally, which
he bad so richly deserved.
" It is to be hoped that aa this information will be circulated
throughout the different islands and colonies, all persons who con-
sider theamelves true lovers of religion will follow the laudable ex-
ample of the Barbadians, in putting an end to Methodism and
Methodist Chapels throughout the NVest Indies."
The Governor the next day issued a proclamation,lcondemnatory of
the conduct of these persons, and advertised a reward of one hun-
dred pounds for the apprehension of the rioters. To this a procla-
mation was put forth the next day, morcin ridicule than reply to
that of the Governor. It commenced as proclamations usually do.
with " Whereas ;" and to the end of it was appended the words
" God save the King and the people." The terms of this pro.
duration were as follow :

" Bridgetown, Barbadoes, Oct. 23, 1823.
" Whereas a Proclamation having appeared, &c. Sec. public
notice is hereby given to such person or persons who may fed in-
clined, either trout pecuniary temptation or vindictive feeling, that
should they attempt to come forward ta injure in any shape any in-
dividual. they shall receive that punishment which their crimes
will justly deserve. They arc to understand that to impeach is not
to convict, and that the reward offered will only be given upon con.
viction. which cannot be effected whilst the people are firm to
themselves. And whereas, it may appear to those persons who are
unacquainted with the circumstances which occasioned the said
proclamation, that the demolition of the chapel was effected by the
rabble of this community, in order to create anarchy, riot, and in.
subordination, to trample upon the laws of the country, and to
subvert good order: it is considered an imperitive duty to repel
the charge, and to state, Firstly, That the majority of the persons
assembled were of the first respectability, and ware supported by
the concurrence of nine.tentha of the community, Secondly, That
their motives were patriotic and loyal—namely, to eradicate from
this soil the germ of Methodism. which was spreading its baneful
influence over • certain class, and which ultimately would have in.
jured both Church and State. V. this view the chapekwas de.
mnlished, and the villainous preacher. who had headed -it. and
belied us, was compelled by a speedy flight to remove himsrle:_
from the islani.

" IVi:h a fixed detern instion therefore to put an end to Me-
thodism in this island, all Methodist Preachers are warned
not to approach our ahcres, on, if they do, it will be at their own
peril.
" God save the King and the People."
This mock proclamation was an open defiance of the laws;
it warned all persons against giving any information as to
who were engaged in the late outrages, and threatened whoever
disobeyed that mandate. should meet the punishment which
their crime deserved. This punishment was menaced against
whoever should come forward to commit the crime—what
crime ? the crime of aiding and assisting the Government in
the due and efficient administration of the laws. It forbade all
Methodists from approaching their shores--or at least, if they
came there, they should be aware that they came at their peril.
This was a manifest defiance of the ruthority of the Government of
the island. Mr. Shrewsbury had been recommended meanwhile to
leave the island, on the assurance being given him that his enemies
were in pursuit of him, and that if they succeeded in apprehending
hint, they were resolved upon hanging him. He was therefore ad.
vised to leave the house of his relation, and to proceed to the sea.
aide, where a small vessel was provided for his flight, and he eluded
the pursuit of his assailants by being conveyed to the island of St.
Vincent. As an aggravation of his hardships, immediately on his
arrival in St. Vincent, bat wife was taken ill in her confinement,
and be found himself thus situated in this island, unaided, and pur.
rounded by strangers. Vet his conduct upon this occasion was
worthy the ministry of which he formed a part. Persecuted as he
bad been—destroyed as his house and property had been—demo-
lished as had been his chapel—tom front his flock, and compelled
to seek his safety by flight—not an expression or sentiment of
anger or resentment escaped him ; and in the letters by which he
communicated with his flock—instead of hostility, lie inculcated
peace, tranquillity. obediences and a cheerful forgiveness of injuries,
The lion. Gentleman then read Mr. Shrewsbury's letter from St.
Vincent ,

" Be patient towards all men. Neva speak disrespectfully of
any in authority, nor reviluigly of any one who injures you. 1% hat.
ever you are called to suffer, I beseech you take it patiently. In
general it will be best for you to be wholly silent. From the af.
ration you bear towards me you will perhaps find it difficult to re.
fain when you hear me spoken against ; but your wisest plan will
be to hold your peace. far you would be in gr.at danger in speaking
with undue warmth, were you to undertake to defend my cba.
raver. You that are slaves will, 1 hope, be exceedingly careful
to adorn the doctrine of God our Saviour in all thing. Let no
dare who is a Methodist be dishonest or lazy, or imperthan 1

~~

. .

-

THE BRITISH

PRESS.

eking In epee* or in leabovione I but let every one be sober, honest,
inimelsiens, ima itched to kit wee as we have taught you,
b& sod la bons d both in puay to day. And as to
ramt r
political mattes*, wiled* re Motu free, never meddle with
them • but mind *her and WNW deign, the things relating to
God and eternity. Never speak slightlnglief the regular Clergy; in
this respect imitate the examplal set you %Mitt dwell amongyou."
As soon as Mr. Shrewsbury arrived at St. Vincent, he applied to
' the Governor, who said, that as he came into the island under sus-
vicious circumstances, he must consider himself suspended from
the exercise of his clerical duties. Under these circumstances an.'
other missionary, a Mr. Rainer, came to the island, and a new sys-
tem
of persecution commenced. A person to whom he before al-
luded
(Mr. Walton, jun. a Magistrate) went on board the ship. and
told the Captain he must be gone before twenty-tour boors. This
Welton, who was then a Magistrate, but has since been 'removed,
was caught in company with • lawyer in the act of breaking the
windows of a Methodist's house, and for this he was deprived of his
commission as a Magistrate. The Captain of the vessel became
alarmed at the feelings of displeasure which were manifested against
him for bringing a missionary to the island ; and he hod good rea-
son to feel ahem, for he (Mr. Buxton) Mated it on authority upon
which he could depend, that persons were watching on chore to
shoot those who attempted to land. K anything was wanted to
prove the innocence of Mr. Shrewsbury, it was found in the testi-
monists of character which he received from persons of the highest
respectability. They all agreed in declaring. that in the exercise
of his Ministry they had never heard a word from him ex-
citing the slaves to insubordination, and that he was most parti-
cular, in his intercourse with the slaves, to inculcate the duty
of obedience to their masters. He should remark, that exertions
Were made to extend the system of violence which lie had described
at Barbadoes to the other ialands, nor was the spirit of persecution
at an end. A year after the destruction of the Methodist house,
it was agreed to celebrate the anniversary of that disgraceful out-
rage, and to poll down the house of an old Methodist woman. A
proclamation was published to this effect: it stated that those concerned
in the demolition of the Methodist Chapel had resolved themselves
into a " Committee of Public Safety." This phrase was borrowed ,
from the French, anil the proclamation was signed •'ltock," which '
Was taken front the Irish. This Committee entitled themselves the.'
" Worthy," and they called upon all other worthies to meet upon the
19th Oct., to celebrate the anuivernaty, to null down the old woman's
house, and everywhere to make Methodism hide its hideous head. '1
The proclamation ended wh(h a prayer, expressive of the intention
of the worthies to extaminate the Methodists with tee and sword,
so help them Cod. (Hear, hear.) Fortunately the Gus ernor was
informed orthese sanguinary preparations. Ile took the precaution
of calling out the military, and the (lay passed without any of thus*
glorious efforts which were proposed. But the spirit of persecu-
tion was yet wakeful. In April last, when certain Methodists
were sent over from this country to assist in rebuilding the
Methodist Chapel, another proclamation was issued, in which
Lord Bathurst was stigmatised as an enemy to religion, and •
traitor to Ma country. The spirit of Puritanism, it said, had shed
Its influence on almost every Member of the British Cabinet. This
feet showed that the uting spirit still existed t and there was a
still inoreimportant fact which was, that the Legislative Assembly
had ordered the Attorney-General to prosecute on old Methodist
woman, who wan wicked enough to spend her time in educating the
poor slaves. Thus the Legislative Assembly w etc prosecuting
Methodists, whilst the Governor, under the sanction of Lord
liatirorst, was affording every protection and encouragement to
Methodists and their Miseionarita. In short, there was nothing
less than a reign of tetror in the West India, a system of penmen.
tion and tyranny, and • triumph over the feelings of the House
and the country. He was at a loss to know what the Right Hon.
' Gentleman (Mr. Canning) would spry to this statement. Would
he consider that the West India planters wets guilty of contumacy ?
The Right Hon. Gent. said on a fornicr occasion, that if the %Vest
India planters resisted heshould come down and require assistance
from the House, to enable Government to put them down. Did
not the Right Hon. Gentleman consider the acts stated as acts of
resistance ? The Governor declared these acts to be gross violations
of all law and order, destructive to the peace of the island and to
the intercourse of social life. Now he (Mr. Buxton) did not desire
vengeance dt revenge, but he requieed three things; that law
should be paramount, that those who pulled down the Methodist
chapel should be obliged to rebuild it. and that a repetittnn of
such outrages shotrld be prevented. He (Mr. Buxton) now wished
to draw a parallel between the crimes end punishment of the Ma-.
shanties of Barbadoes, and of Mr. Smith, the missionary of Deme-
rara. The magistrates of P.-whaiinen were distinctly aware of the,
insurrection in that Island, and yet they had neglected no inform .
the Cosmos. Mr. Smith, it was said, and he wan willing to al-
low tt for arg./spent, was acquainted with the rising at Demerara.
half an hour before it took place, and because he did not inform ,
the Governor with the haste of a telegraph, he was ordered to be
hanged by the neck until he was dead. lhlow, the magistrates of
Barbadoes were only ordered to be reprimanded by the Council. 1
Such was the punishment inflicted on the poor Missionary, and '
the rich magistrates. He had adverted to this incidentally, but the
question now was, whether a British-born subject, charged with
no crime, • man of acknowledged respectability should be cruelly,
for such was Mr. Shrewsbury, persecuted. respectability
was that the
House had to determine, and it remained with the House to pro-
vide that law and justice should be substituted in the West Indies
for the system which he had described. The Honourable Gentle-
man concluded by moving the following Resolution :—" That this
House having taken into their most seeinus consideration the papers
laid before them, relating to the demolition of the Methodist chapel
in Barbadoes, and the expulsion of Mr. Shrewsbury, a licensed
teacher of religion, deem it their defy to declare that they view with ,
the utmost amazement and detestation that scandalous and daring
violation of law; and that they beseech his Majesty to take such
steps as shall secure the reconstruction of the chapel at the expense
of the colony of Barbados, and to assure his Majesty that this
House will afford him every assistance which may be required in
order to prevent the recurrence of such outrages, and in order to se-
cure ample protection and religious toleration to all his Majesty's
subjects in that part of his dominions."
Mr. W 11.310 T NORTON hoped the house would agree with
him that the subject before them should be treated in a conciliatory
and not in an exasperating manner. In arguing the question, lie
was willing to admit the perfect candour and correctness of the
Hon. Gentleman's statement. There could be no advantage in
making analogies like that drawn by the lion. Gentleman between
the case of Mr. Smith and the present case. Much of the tumult
and violence described to have taken place in the West Indies,
arose from the state of slavers which had existed for so many years,
and which, he must add, had been encouritged by the House and
the Government. Efforts were now making, in accordance with
die enlightened spirit of the age, to overtlitow that system, and
persons who possessed property in slaves naturally became alarmed.
It was unquestionably this alarm about property which created that
feverish agitation in the minds of the planters, that sltcrwards led
them to sacrifice their better judgment, and give way to their pas-
sions and their prejudices. He now came to the case of Mr.
Shrewsbury, to which he thought it necessary only briefly to ad-
vert. Before he referred to this case, he begged to be understood
that no prejudice existed in his mind against the Methodist Illis-
nioneriee ; At was willing to admit that they were pursuing a most
laudable profession ; but recent circumstances had made it neces-
sary that they should strictly confine their exertions to the educa-
tion of the people. Whether it was truly or falsely founded, an
opinion prevadedrpretty generally amongst the planters, that the
hliseionazies were inculcating sentiments in the minds of the slaves
subversive of the principles of subordination, and of the duty they
owed their masters. Now Mr. Shrewsbury had made himself ob-
noxious to the inhabitants of Barbados, soon after his arrival in
that inland, by • letter which be had addressed to the Wesleyan
Missionary Society at home. This letter was published, sal ex-
cited a considerable degree of irritation at Barbadoes. He (Mr.
Horton) did not say that an unconcerned indtiblual would discover
any thing in the letter of hlr. Shrewsbury to warrant this excite-
ment of reeling ; but the inhabitants of Barbadoes were generally
of opinion that it reflected unjustly upon their moral character, and
thence theft Indignation against the writer. They conceived that
hr had identified himself with a party, which they supposed to
exist, and which had for its object time sudden and hasty dissolu-
tion of the state of slavery, which would involve them in irre,riev. '
able ruin, by the destruction of their property. He (Mr. Horton)
did not mean to say that the planters had any foundation for such
• suspicion ; but he would say, that the prevalence of such an
opinion fully accounted for the tumult and violence which took
place in the West India. Until the planters were undeceived, the I
peremptory measures recommended by the lion. Gentleman could
have lade effect. No Government could propose laws so well cal-
culated to promote peace in the West Indies as the subsuitutien of 1
security for the alarm which now existed in the minds of the
planters, with regard to their property in slaves. Therefore it was
that he recommended the adoption of a system of conciliation ; and
he thought it particularly advisable of the Wesleyan Missionaries
to encourage such a system. Their primary object, he understood,
was the religious instruction of the slave population, and this ob-
I ject could in no way be so well promoted as by acquiring the
esteem and procuring the assistance of the white population. Mr.
Shrewsbury had neglected to conciliate; a copy of his letter wan
posted at the Commercial Rooms in Barbados, and considerable
suspicion was engendered in the minds of the planters. As to the
demolition of the Methodist Chapel, he was willing to admit that
I it was a most scandalous outrage. (Hear, hear.) However, some
reparation had been made, for the inhabitants had subscribed three
parts out of four of the money necessary to rebuild the chapel.
'Whatever the opinion of the House should be as to this outrage,
lie thought all must agree with him that it would be well to avoid
a lice of conduct which would increase irritation. As to the prose-
cution if the Methodist woman by the Attontey-General, no pro.
secution of this kind could take place, though recommended by the
Legislative Assembly, until the case had been submitted to his
Majesty's Ministers at home, and met their approbation. He
I hlr. Wilmot Conon) looked forward with much confidence to an
amelioration of the state of society, and a diminution of the excited
state of feeling which had existed in the West Indies. The Church
Establishment which woe sent out bad been most cordially and re-
spectfully received by the inhabitants. The recommendation to
build new churches was promptly attended to by them, and a large
sum was already subscribed for that purpose. These circumstances
showed the feelings of the planters towards those religious instructor*
whom they did not suspect. The Church Establishment, like the
Wesleyan missionaries, would assist in religious education of die
slaves, and the manner in which the Church Establishment was
received should be an additional incentive to the Missionaries to
conciliate the feelings and raise the respect of the inhabitants. He
was strongly persuaded that there existed no indisposition amongst
the Barbadians to ameive religious instruction, if it were only con.
veyed to them by means of the Established Church. A Mr.
Hymn had made application to be permitted to give instructions to
the people of that colony, and he could inform the House that the
proprietors there had received his offer with much cordiality, sod
every facility was granted to him in the prosecution of his laudable
exertions. From that and other indications, it was not to be

:~. _.

•••

.•
-...

,~ ,
t
w~
1
4
,~
~
I
~ .
f
I

-
