naßrs Atm. tg.

At Ipswich'
,Lain' b Fair, which commenced on
Wednesday there was not so large a quantity
of stock as has been =teen in some former yea6l nor
were the prices equal to the expedations-of tl,e
growers, considering the great plenty of feed, and
the almost universal promising appearance -of the
turnip-crop, throughout this and the adjoining
counties. On the above day, the fair was set very
late, but for about three hours towards the cloie, the
sales were v.ry brisk. On the second day it was
set earlier, and a considerable numler of lane's were
sold upon equal terms with the preceding day, but to-
wards evening there appeared a total' stagnation to
the trade, which cid not arrive again during the
ceeding day, and a large quantity weed driven
home unsold. The prices va,ied very much, but
the Earl of Bristol's and Mr. Arum:. Brooks's wc-
thers (!calf-bred Leicesters) certainly tnpp'd the
whole Fair ; the former, under the judicious manage-
ment of his Lordship's steward, Mr. Shillito, ob-
taining 2,1. and the latter as high a price as C7l.
per score, and were both generally allowed to be
ertremt:y .aridsome, as we!l as in fine condition.
Mr. LaNe'lesteet (Barton) sold for 235. Mr. How-
ard's (of I,,,rnham) Southdowns, which were also in
very high condition, obtained 25.. each. and Mr.
Pawry's (of Lidgate) 2is ; Mr. ...eon's ewes (of
Barrow) of the same breed, produced 17s. 6d.
—The South-downs of Lord Albemarle (who
had 83 :cote at tbe fair) obtained 201. per score for
the we!hers. Mr. Wolton's half -bred South downs
(of Playford) were sold for 19s, fid. and Mr. Cot-
ton's (of Kea rave) for 19,. ; Mr. Derisley's (of
Croxton) half.breds produced 14s. 6d. Thus much
for the sere-fashioned breeds introduced into this
and the ne'ghbouring counties, of which it is
almost treason, anumg agriculturists, to speak
slightly ; n-vertheless, one circumstance was parti-
cularly observable, that by far the greater propor-
tion of Norfolk, were sold than those of the South-
down or mixed breeds, the former being readily dis-
posed of, whilst those of the latter kind, especially
if not in first-rate condition, and suitable tot the
botcher, were driven home again.

The Bristol Volunteers, togetlpr with the united
Clifton and Westbury, have received orders to pro-
vide themselves with every thing necessary for (Anil
service, and in case of alarm, will immediately
march to Marlborough. In consequence of which.
a general inspedlion of the Corps took place to
Monday.
Yesterday a woman of the name of Cap., who bad
lived in Webb-square. Shoteditch, was committed,
node- the vagrant aft, for having defrauded a num-
ber of females of all their fu,sc cash, under the pi o-
mise of disclosing future events to them ; a..d
assuring them that they should not only have hus-
bands, hut rich ones : not finding their hopes realised,
they lodged an information against poor Caseesetre.
Two genteel dressed women went. a few days
since, to the shop of Mr. Bownit rcu, Linen.draper,
Sltddle-row. Holborn. The shopmen. haying some
suspicion of their belonging to the light fingered
tribe, civil'ist de.ired them to withdraw, to .v! i h they
replied with torrents of abase. Nee, the Beadle of
it. Andrew's, passing at the moment, rect g ised the
jeer over, and conceiving that their shaves had
amall •rrt a ed in a short time, took the liberty
of nqiti7irg i An the cause. ss hen, to the ;frit joy
of the metiers, they were delivered of Inns-
eight yards of ptinted cotton. We understand tb y
have been examined, and committed to Newgatat
for trial.

The spirit of malignancy which has so Inn" pre-
veiled among the boot-makers, has again marble- ed
itself with redoubled vigour, by a continued riot dur-
ing ths last two dap. Oa Sunday last, a very cern-
siderable body of makers and closers assembled in
Oztord-road, and disturbed the laid of the inha-
bitants. by a ge.eral conflia, in which a very con-
siderable number of them were dreadfilly cut and
maimed. The rioters were at length disturbed by
a strong body of the Po:ice ; but the *rakers kept in
anion, and committed the most unwarrantable
outrages at the houses of several of the closers
during the day. On Monday they assembled
and repaired to the house of Healy, a closer, in
Henrietta-street, Mary-la-bonne ; where a mob of
several hundreds collefted, rid swore *ids bitter

inyeetives against any man who dared to obstruft
their progress, i sub,:uin the machinations of
traitors, informers, Ste. uigley, a closer, who
lodges in the house was their first °hie& of attack.
whom they maimed so dreadfully that his life is

desdaired of. The interference of the Police stag.
nated their diabolical pu-suits, and prevented further
depredations, by securing one of the ringleaders, a
maker, of the name of Bova. A number of per-
sons, a hose faces were very much cut and maimed,

fully establi.,hed the charge against the is, ;goner.
and Le was commi:ted fur trial. The fate of Quigley
is rwt at present kn Awn. _

The Niagigrate reprobated, in very strong terms,
the proceedings of the m.tkers in general. Head
trusted, ti%st we ref:earns, spirit which prevailed
among tiitm svgs sulesidel ; but as it now stood,
every method world be t,ll:rt to secure others of
the leaders, sell.) would be mxde :in example of, by

. -
the must severe pinishmcnt.
N'i.Cii, 07It'.IIILL.—Lorrtxr biccriusLLED.
• 7 ben- ,1•1‘• t,. tfreareetw "Ago anal Pre,dr.
Th-re P, see. cf Tem 7 /*low's!, 11,4,4. I
7 beer Friars (14 Fire Tnirrqrrnd Puesos.
lloaN•ar and Co. nespeaiuliy acquaint the No.. 4
it bil:ty, Gentry, and the Public, that re never was
a State Lottery, since the first blislynent of
Lltteries, that afforded such belt cial chanc.s as 4 I
the present, which begins Drawing the YU: of next :
Month Clubs and Societies will not fail to take
advantage of so grand a Scheme. It is, b.siies
the only Lottery to be drawn this year : at:d, when-
ever that has been the case, many instances may be .
adduced where there have been more rickets shared, , t
before the di awing commenced, than the whole
number of Ti.krts contained in the present Lottery,
exclusive of the number sold in whole Tickets. t
Hoviisr and Co. take the liberty to Kate these
fads, in hopes to prevent their friends from delaying
their purchases, which must lead either to total di..
appointment, or, at Iraq, to very great increase of .
price. Gray's by letter or cancer executed on the ..
same terms AS it present.—N. B. All prises, whether
of Rd. or 40,uottl. paid on demand.

I

I

1.1:1
4

U

FREEMASONS' HALL.

On Tnesday, a meeting of the friends of Mr.
blairrwaring, was held at the Yrectra,Gos'

HENRY THORN rum, Esq,
IN THE CHAIR

In a very long and closely conneCtecl speech, Mr.
Towns Ton called the attention of the Meeting to
the nbje," for which th. v had been convened, namely,
to protell Mr. Mainw;;ring in his situation as Repre-
sentative for the costnty of !Middlesex In the courke
of his sreeth he entered into an investigation of the
different nuaives by u Lich the two Candidates "had
been nettatted in the et iginal contest. The cause of
Sir Framis Birthet, he represented as entirely de-
pending on an unfounded charge of inimananity
against Mr. Aris,- to which Mr. Mainwaring was
held out As aecc:cary. • While, on the other -hand,
the frleads of Mr. Mainwaring had to contend not
for. Mr. Mainwaiing merely, but for the very exist-
ence of the Ma :istracy itself. This he strongly in-
ferred from a view of the persons with whom Sir
Francis Burd,tt had, according to his statement,
assiulated—condemned and acquitted felons ;
and of his agents employed in the eleCtion,
who could Lay claim to charazters hide better.—
The Isleworth Voters, and the opinion given
by the Committee of the House of Commons
on th- nature of their votes, next occupied his at-
tention, from which he inferred, that the election
in favour of Sir Francis Burdett had been pro-
cured wilely by partiality on the part of the Return-
ing Officer, and by perjury on the part cf upwards of
three hundred and seventy persons, who, without
any claim, had ventured to take the oath as Freehold-
ers of the county. By comparing this with the con-
duit of the present eleEtion, he maintained that a si-
imam train of perjury and abuse had crept into it,
though uncountentinsed by that spirit of partiality
on the part of the returning officers which had ch..-
raßerised the preceding eledinn. To persuade the
=fitting to step forward to oppose that system of
pelery and corruption which he represented as
barring seised on the deals* franchise of the county
of Middlese:, he begged their attention to a few
only of the various impostures on their rights which
bad been made m.nifest in the course of the eleetion.

OA one day it appeared that forty persons had polled
for Sir Francis Burdett, of whom no satilaelory in.

L.rrratioi. afterwards he obtained. A ivrr-

' tise., rats descriptive of this circumstance had if-
ter.. at... he• n published. and although it unfot w-
eakly appeared that four of them did not lye under
the imputation there attributed to them, it was un-
cot:Readied ed that the era thing thirty-six did. Oa
the or fourth day of the poll, at having he•sn
stated to Mr. Courthope, Qouniel for Mr. .slain-
waritig, that certain suspicious persons were come
tap en poll, he fixed on
_time whose physiognomies
did not please him, and of these three ran away,
when coining round to the Sheriff's box, and the
°thin, who was afterwards advertised Ihr under the
wore of Xithitto, it appeared, had also gone away
Wit' out pilung.
As to the prigs-esti-1s of the last day of the elec.
tion, Mr. t'horntou vtattd. that it was a tad that the
0 Sheriffs had used every degree ot promptitude in de-
ciding ..ss the surtseded votes, which -had not been
allo veil m arcumuiate I and although the Sheriffs
might have given the agents for Sir -Francis reason •
to belies:* t at they %onto Jett rmint the o:sjcftions to
snow as unavoidably lay over. after the hour of tin re
o'clock, he could see no ground on which it could !ir
' ohjetted to them 'able conduti, to Levertu.
what was proper and legal, so soon as they found
they bad d'viated fi,,m that path. Of the ten votes,
however, which it was sad they had pat on the poll
ao..er the hour of three, And by which it had he. rt al.
le2id a coviairahle inaltrity had twin c: eat: d r.: fa-
v•iur ot Sir Francis Burdeit, he was confidently as-
sured. on the most mature insestig.i inn, that not one
of them was g. od ix of them dt I rot !chide in
• the places they repre.erted, two had no rght to the
freeholds on which the., claimed ;Dire d.
VI:3TI wa, a
freeholder, but under the sum of 41.. t'ear'y, and the
• ter th was an Isleworth miller. The ott2t.Cl ot the
k ptesentmeeting.lte there, e concluded with stating.
• was t political merely, but trustal, and to prate&
dm first cranny in the kingdom from falling a sacri-
fice to p. r:,or; , fraud, and di ception.
blest . LLI,IIII immediately lose, and proposed
a st-tr.g of resnlutitns, tegatdiag b th the hlraion
in !Kiri, and the last Elesetion, which seemed entirely
to corre pond with the speech of the Chairman.
A klthisßesolittion% whichwcternerelyrchocsofthe
forme. proceedings, or of the kesalutions of Corn.
tnilters of the I louse of Commies, passed as mattrr
of cootie. But when the first Resolution, descriii-
i
tive Cot the s •reiments cf the meeting, as cinneded
with the last Elect:on, was hr, ugh: forward, great
difficulty seemed to prevail as to the mode in white
it should he framed, so as while they still imputed
the crime if sn'Jarcatioa of perjury to one
namely, Sir Francis Burdeu's agents, to relieve
frnr hat imputation alai.- frieuds, the present
Sheriffs.
The most material Resolution was a declaration
of the necessity of a new subscription ; which was
ordered to be Advertised in the town and country
P4Pels•
Sir W. Curis, Mr. 11. Thornton, and Mr. W.
Mel:ish, Treasurers.

CORK, Austsr 29.

This morider. at half past seven o'clock, a en.
lu:nn, and4lllllhe command of Brigadier-General
Leslie, consisting of two squadrons of the I nth
regiment ot Light Draguans, two battalions of
the (-Nth foot, the Swath Mayo and Tipperary
segiments of Militia ; and at nine o'clock, an-
other column, commanded by Brigadier Gene-
ral the Earl of Cork. composed of the 15th.
48th, and With reg.imaits. with the Queen's cuunty
Militia, marched toms this city to the encampment,
marked out near Ulnas MIL We understand,
that the garrisons of Bandon and Kinsale, had re-
ceived orders tl march at such an hour, that the
whole should arrive on the rosnd, and term the
line at the same moment. It is .upoo.ed. that the
troops to be encamped, will amount to nearly nine
thousand men.

Ye-serciay teminated the trial of the cause of
Hutchins agoinst Lord }Lac c. in which the Jury
Sound • verctki in f mita of the l'la'ntiff, after a
chaient Asul inartreal huning of 'trey ciacire

EXTRACT FRO, A SERWON,

•rrueuks le flog FILIANaMa

Peached !,y the Rev. J 110.11g.m, Nltaer of the C anonar
School, and Lecturer of tole Parish of Ihrlybourn, in the
DioreA.: of Wntche••.r.

" If, in the annals of our country, events have ever
occurred, of a nature theply imprezive, assuredly
those in which 'our o tit meeting originates, are
of that nature. At ail tint,:s, and viewed in its
most favourable a‘pen, war is a calamity which
presents a melancholy stone of misery and horror.
The war, however, in which we are coo., ei:gaged,
is Oiaraflerised by circumstances so peculiar and
affeting as " come home to every man's business and
bosom," demand more than ordinary efforts, and
excite more than ordinary alarm. In describing it
as a confliCt pregnant with danger, we wish only to
awaken vigilance and animate exertion. If the
maxim, that caution is the parent of security, be,
in any sense, just, it is particularly so, as applied to
our present public situation. But. though, in such
circumstances, supineness cannot be too strongly
censured, despondence would be equally reprehensi-
ble. By a just appreciation of our danger, and a
vigorous application of our resources, combined with
that native courage which has hitherto distinguished
as, we may await the issue without dismay, though
not without anxiety. The enemy to whom we are
opposed, may, by that enterprising activity which
they have uniformly displayed, hold forth a salutary
lesson to ourselves. It may incite us to that ardour
in the defence of our country, which they have
manifested in forging the chains of slavery and the
shackles of oppression for others. To speak with the
asperity of rancour and the bate-neo• of revenge,
even of our direst foe, can afford, however, to a
good and generous mind, little gratification. It
would accord neither with the mild spirit of our re-
ligi m, nor the sacred place dedicated to the service
of a God of mercy and forgiveness. Whatever, there-
fore, the crimes, the horrors, or the cruelties,
which may have marked in'its career, tae progress
of a revolution unparalleled in the records of man-
kind, let us leave them to an impartial posterity and
to the justice of Heaven.
" In the mean time, let them serve as beacons to
ourselves. Let them warn us of that shipwreck of
public tranquillity, happiness, and order, which,
amid the storms of innovation and contending fac-
tions, may be swept away. Let it check the vio-
lence of party, and the wild and romantic projects
of visionary reformers. If the lapse of time and
the uaavoidahle infirmity of every human institu-
tion, have admitted some blemishes into the Con-
stitution of our own country, let us at least recollett
its general excellence. Let us contrast it with that
of any other nation, and to the candid and reflefling
mind it will appar one of the happiest efforts of
human ingenuity and patriotism. Let us not with
rash and ill.direfted zeal to corteCt imaginary or
even real defefts, incur the dreadful hazard of over-
turning from its very foundation; a fabric which
has raised us to the heights of national honour and
prosperity ; lest, in its fill, ourselve-, and all that
is dear to ti•, he crushed beneath its ruins.• If, ac-
cording to a much admired expression of one of our
most .ibis aod most upright statesmen, a portion of
new life should he infused into our Constitution, let
ns at least remember that an application so delicate.
wool I requite a skilful operator sad a favourable
moment."
