ELEGANT EXTRACTS.

This day is published, a lire Rditino, elegantly printed, to
One Val, horse Volume, Revd Oetato. price toe it. boards,
EI.EGANT EXTRACTS; or, Useful and
&sectioning Twres of Poetry, ',Sorted for the
pronment of Trians Perseus; betas smiler is &sip to
Docent Extrodo• a. Prose.
Priotad (or K 9.1 id or he F. and C. /tiebacks; R Foul.
der ; Clarke so d Son; Caoliell and Mortis, J. White;
W. Lonna's; tttikir and Rob.nson ; J. Walker; Cartel'
and Davies; &sicken sail Letterman; Teener, Mend, arid
Skarn ; J. Sena ; Robinson , Lampoon, Hurst, Ran,
and Oriole ; Mathews and Leogh; Larkiegtee, Alka, and
Ca ; Pots sod ; Burn, ; F. Wistv•ore ; W.
Miller; C. Law; Csesll sod e.. J sad A. Arth ;1)
Walker; J. Rieleardelon ; J. M. Rocharrlson ; S Wooster ; J.
linker; J. Hatched; J 1160.11.4 ; W. Stein.; ; J. Mawr.
man; K. Penne; 1. Routh; J. Aspens ; J. Harris; J.
Wschnstay Rennie,; S Tipper; A. hessian sad ;
R. Sehotcy ; T. Tree, Cradoek sad Joy ; Sherwood, Neely,
sod /one.; T rudeness); J. Jorkasea sod Cu., and Oil-
! sow and Son, Vest.
.
Of +hum may he boot,
...... . .

t ELEGANT EXTHAerts'is PlttiSE; twin similar
i. Drtign tft Vegan' Eldrub' is Puftry. A N 0...
M OUP 'rot 'alp V..lnme, Revd Octavo, t"o.l.qartle
LI.E.CANT Eris ri.r.s; !rein cop.'s elettretior
1.14 leitctri. A News rAttieis, worl,
eulatitell h .lAtt n.. it 1., mi.., tliblww, 11,101111,
bir W JUN. 1141111,4•110, rming. !it.itliges., SO4I
others. Ow \one Vet 4 we, ILIA tae n, price
bora,.

••• Aloe may he hod, Aber/gooses d the above
be die Vee of sawvie.

bound.
L'Arai des Easels, per Sergeisi, s teat. plates, sta. bowel
17itto, without pates, t.a. hound
Pieces Chonicsde rhea ilea Rabies, lento. 4,e booed.
Itililiotakmee Pstrestive ; ev, French Elegant Eateatta Jy
Mew.. Silu)pent et de Levitac. 3 lose. royal *WO. IL N.
BeWaive, per Ilaraniitel, earvelle eil.t. IMO. Ile. boated.
Fables de la Eurasia*, avec da askant ear ea vles. settee
sr Esope et de P►dre, et de aouvelles Notch per St. 41. Le-
onia.. (is. Arend.
Areetsires de 'I elkothrpie, nottvelte etlitioa, par Winos.
trocht. luau. es bound.
Goasalve be Los show ; as, Grated.- Reronquise. Pe.' .Me
du precis Ilaturoptc bilf h M 4114.1 1.41 iluitti.i. Nsiachno
Edition. l'ar N. Gl.l. lasso. tin. Minim!
Rodnire de r Fsripise deli suseie, eon Pierrede.Gerirot p.,
Al de Yokels*. N•ovelle Eddins, soinni•se.i:iisent tn.-ante, et
collaisuanee, sir let ateilwun'a imprvenes.. I Jo..'. es grind.
litenns• de (-harks XII. Rs* de astesie 4,2 tun 45. 1e,e,,,, •
Lee Inca ; oil, La Deets oellore*e I:Lapse di. Perm, Pa
SI sonoutel Rests et corrode &apes lea seeslionsi.s editions
de Paris, per N. Wanostrorlit. Idea.... aid bound
I.s.cous de Floats's, eetraitee de ors Oa leaf, poor
l'Etlueatioa de L'Enfaere, et artenspagsites des 'boles.--
Per SI de Leessac, i Joni. .s. busiest
Racine/(Eame de. :lyre h•s Jarrow., de Es Harp', air
In Tragedies at .1., num .lles Noses liesamaticalne,, par NI
4. Levizac, a tern. I ~, lne lid. Insert,'
Abrege de Is Illibliotliespis Postative, ea Prose it as Caws
gases hillau. :a. bound.
DICTIO NAR I F.l.
Ainswiatles Latin arid hilt, li. dir.. 1311. %mind.
1110)er'e Freach and Fi•t;'ol ~to Ig• A.Kiitil.
Deictenville's Freer I: mot Crockett ; Ivo. In. hound.
Entea's Liana and Lesims , square 110 M.. IWO hi,und. '
---.-- Laselich apel;inig ; 'game, to ge Nunn!.
Graaa..'s liaises+ and Linglisla , pawl late', tooliusp tots
7s. b.•ind

F.meash rte. lii.balld.
I n*.f., Thrs.osee •bri.44.1 no • porkriiple• ilk I
a .4w Aecene. Eterell, awl F...glostvapitme M. board.
Aliwil.er editi..e Hi • 1611411 :maw' Y. rI ..tier.
20011. 1.• 1•0•.3.1.
Tosses Lois sod toilish. ewe. 1 of

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

ROUSE OF LORDS, FRIDAY, MARCH 13.

The Exchrquer F 1104111( lidt, sod the Irish Coro Bill, were
Rd the second tome, mid oidiccd to be committed u Mon-

inv.
the'rnetiott or rttrl B•llltiß.T. the hint' tlistiliery
Bill rem ordered to be mad tLe second time oil Moodeq.
T ?mine :%listiny Bill, sod the Salt Bill, were read the
third time arid passed.
Sit JAMES Gt►P►Y, Mr. O'H►t►, Mr. LUilltNi.Tton.
Wed several other Members from the House of l'onotiom,
bronglit up three priviite Bills, which were laud on the table,
and afterwards rend the first time.
Mr. LITCIITIELD prevented eertitin papers, emit ' • g in
account of the number of Coombe. end Licenses pouted by
Govermareut. Orderml to be Mut on the table.
Mr IRVING, from the Customs, presented an semen* of
the quantity of cora imported from Amcriew and &flameouts.
Go,. from 18.4 it. lit . Ordered to lot: laid IA the table.
Adjourned.

the country. We had at home 532,000 men in re-
gular*, militia, and volunteers. Abroad we htt4
spa hundred and forty thousand regulars. 11111160 g
together 1-10th of the male populatkini of :the
country,. or 1-4th of those between SI and 50
years of age. ft was imposaible for the country to
support thiii, and 1.1 was far beyond the neceasity of
the case in which we stood. He was of opiniou ti ..t
a reduction ought to take place. By reduciii!, the
infantry 4U,000, and the cavity 5.000, which might
be done without lesseningour oreurity„ a saving of
one million per 11111114111 would beetrected. Ile con-
demned the military spirit, which, he was afraid,
reigned in the country, and eocomaged us to support
as great a standing army as Bonaparte did, with all
his population and resources. He would not allow
that there bad been any economy, but only au

abatement of the exiettrig.iirofusinti.
A return of the Lacai Militia Force, and their
expense since lira raised. VOUS ordered.
The Estimatei; or the Staff* and iloapital were
then referred to the Committee, and the House

went into the same.
Lord PA ussaits•roa said, before moving the reso-
lotions he had to propose to the Caminittee,
he thought it necessary to explain the mature a
the reduction' agigse Staff, hich would now take
place. In doing is he would mention the aiistrcha
where reductions were resolved, and motive. •sv hut
these redoctious were in each. In the `lgissteru
District, one Lieut.-General would be taikert away,
leaving eight Generitls to command toms) men. ht
the South- West District, the reduction would be one
Lieut.-General, but a %jar-General would be ap-
pointed to succeed him, and command 400.0 men.
In the Severn I G
istrict. one Lieut.-eneral to be re-
moved, and the command to devolve on a Major-
General. In the Home District, one Major-General

to be removed—(llear! froth the opposition)—
leaving tire Generals to command 10,000 men. In
North B►itain, one Lieutenant-General, and one
Major-General to be redut ed, leaving seven Gene-
rals to command 11,000, scattered over that exten-

sive country, where, in case of invasion, there were
many vulnerable points. The difference of saving I
would be 13,1711. thisyear, arising from the discon-
tinuance of live Lieut.-Generals, and one Major-
General. As this reduction, however, would not '
take place, till 25th March, the seeing would not
be more than he had stated, till next year, when it
would amount to 17,0001. The Noble Lord then
instanced three different periods, to Phew that the
Staff bore a lees propertiou to the army new, than
it had done iu Mrs. when the whole country was
military, or in 1801 i, when the reduction by the
General opposite had just been carried into ellet t.
In 1306, the proportion was our General 1n 1971
men ; last February it was one General to 1990
men ; and now it was as one General to 2190 men ;
sorely not lon great, if the necessity of order and
dwipline, sod the welfare of the terrier, were cm,-
!Uttered. He concluded by inotiuz. That II e
sum of 457,7241. 11s. 411. should be granted for the
Stall of Great Britain."
Sir GeOttrift tV*aas'soea animsdyier'ell on the
leaving of ten Generals to command 11,000 men in
Scotland, end condeenned it as a wasteful expendi-
ture of the public inonty. Though Scotland was
AO extrusive country, t the soldiers were conceit-
tested all about the north and the west towards
Glasgow. tend therefore required on more Generals
than the same number of men in a smaller district
in the south, where, however. eight Generate
were thought sufficient for 20,000 men. to the
home district, two Geuerals were maintained at
la,oool. each per ann. who were of no use whatever,
amid objected so all all sides of the House. The
redociimi made icy the Noble Lord could not be
satisfactory to the Souse, and of all sinecures, those
upon the estaWishiettits of the country• we re the
worst. The misfortune was, that Generals were
riot made fur districts, but districts were formed for
the couveniency of Generals. He was of opinion
that much more might be done oar this head, and
also that a very salutary reduction might be wide
in our cavalry, which were r.st efficient from the
want of horses, and which yet !equired an eina-
• blishinent of one hundred and severity one officers.
Upon the whole, he thought Ministecs hod not that
ceutroul over the puhl.c expenditure, they ought to
, have, and had only brought forward th-se estimates,
because they had not the spirit and euer,r,y to amen
their own rights, and du what would be' at citable
r to the country.

Mr. Cat.caaer followed on the tame skle. and
expressed his utter clisitlrionitinesit at fimittig the
reduction proposed so trifling. It was not made
where moat wanted, in Scotland and iu the Home
District ; ne,ther erns it snflicieot; and the Staff
was still overcharged with a multitude of linnet:es-
sary officers. Ile did not think the saving. would
be more than 7,1711. per ertaina, taking the ,sdlcr-
ence of the present mid last year... estimates, and he
celled on the Noble Lord to sbew how it would
amount to 17,0001. He did nut, however, so nine
condemn Mininers; who, he believed, would have
done more, hint it been in their power. As for dim-
tracts, he brut known, when a favoured General had
a house in the country, the Stiff had moved to him,
instead of his moving to the Sniff.
Lord PALMERSTON explained. The difference
betwe:n the estimates was what he had stated ;
the difference between 470,5901 9s. 9d.
and 457,7141. 14s. 4d. and the saving next• year
would consequently. be 17,0001.
Mr. WARDLI we grieved that the late Minis-
ters had not taken the opportunity of doing
honour to themselves, and justice to the country,
by. doing away these enormous expenses. %Vhen
the country saw so little done by one partly.
Or proposed by the other, they would get Out
of conceit with the House. The Honourable
Gentleman then went into a detail of what he
considered as faulty in the military system.
The erection of Barracks, which had coot the
country, up to 1904. nine millions, slid,sioca that
Period. four millions, had not, its it was promised
it would, saved any of the expense of the Staff.
In the piper, ton, before the House, the Ordnance
Stall and the Volunteer Staff ivere kept out of
*lett. This was not a fair way of meeting so im-
portant • question. Half-nay Officers were to have
been apprinted to thew burro, Ics, but this had not
bean deur. and the places were tilled by the servants
of those in power. When the whole country was
armed, We Staff cost only 54,0001. and, in 1908,
left to 433.4001.....111 1110. to
from these estimates. This

might be called an increase on a reduced establish-
ment. Would Ml:lnnen si,tliat this would satisfy
he people of England ? For what he was CAM
j .cobin last Session win now acknowledged. Would
he House then vote money to pay a man for exe-
cuting three offices, one of which he perforated by
deputy ? This was the case of the Quarter-Master
General, who. besides dist office, at 41. u.. per dies,
was a I .ieut.-Gener4l on the staff at 31. 15s. and a •
General of erl battalion of the 9th regiment, at the
least worth WWI. --year. It was the same with
the Adjutant-General and his deputy. Ile did not,
howeter, altogether blame the pi tient, or any other
Ministers ; for so long as the system of corruption
existed, there would be favourites. The Hon. Gent.
concluded by objecting to the Ordnance Staff, on
which several Generals had not a man under
their command ; to the Recruiting Staff, and the
Volunteer Staff, both of which were extravagant sad
unnecessary. •He aho noticed, that thi gaff pay
and contingent allowances were three years in ar-
rest., none having been paid since December, 1808,
for what was due in 1405-ti. This was a great
hardship en Officers, and deserved the attention
. .

of the Noble Lord opposite.
Ger:Oral Hoots staid, that the Quarter-Master-
General hail been in the service of His Majesty for
35 yea's, during which time he had received the
twist inifenned approbation. He, as well as the
Adjutant-General. were upon the Staff, by a bar-
gain with the Public, who saw die propriety of
es-
tablishing them. With respect to tbri deputies,
that understanding did not apply.
Mr. WAUDI.V. said, that the present question was
a mere mutter of money ; there certainly existed
such *bargain as that alluded to; and a very pretty
one for the public, who, instead of keeping it, by
paying 5001. it-year, paid the enormous increase of
13001.
Gen. T•almrow spoke against the diminution
of the cavalry, which required more Officers titan at
present commanded it. It was necessary to have
two General Officers to the Severn district. The
French prison, within four miles of Bristol, de-
manded more then one Officer to look to its secu-
rity. He then compared the situation of that dis-
tract with the Home, for the regulation of which
there were ton General Officers:
Mr. PITRIt MOORE said, that the average ex-
penditure was twenty-one millions over and above
the actual income of the country. He deprecated
the bug-bear of invasion, which, since the year
Ma, had been operating; by which 100 millions
of money were uselessly expended. He wished
strongly that the Committee would reform altoge-
ther their financial system. and prevent the per-
petn II disagreement upon that head. One side of
the House was perpetually bringing in Bills, in
which the profusion of the public money was con-
cerned; the other sedulously employed in counte-
racting that profusion.
Mr. Thaw kV moved an amendment, «That a
sum no greater then 449,19381. 118. 10,1. be granted
for the service of the Military Sluff."
Mr. W• 11131.1 supported the amendment.
The CUANCILLOR of the Excnene La was sur-
prised that Gentlemen should think the connate
extravagant, when such a mode had been adopted
by those who were formerly in power, sod to whom
the Gentlemen had been supporters. He then
stated the peculiarities under which the Dake of
Cambridge and Lord Ileithiield laboured; and
wondered why any hint tlisMl4l be thrown out
against the propriety of their remaining on the Staff.
Was • man, after having served for a series of
years, to be discharged immediately after his ap-
pointment to a Getwndship, at a time when he was
capable of acting with alacrity ?
Mr. WHITIALE A D Sit.d. the Right Hon. Gent. bad
begun his speech we hr cointnenced his political CV.
reer,•hy recurrtug to the conduct of those who pre-
ceded him, and by a trifling recrimination, He
then stated the impropriety of detaining officers is
sinecure situations, by which the public money was
wasted, and a mostilestructive example of the en-
couragement of idleness set. He instanced some
sitsorticms to which an establishment upon the
Staff was annexed. and particularly dwelt upon
those of the Dake of Cambridge and Lord
ileatlitield. No duty had been pet formed for
the large salaries which they had received.—He
did, not see why the Adjutant and Quarter-
Master-General had any basin. 164 to meddle with
any other sitnatioo. than those fruits which they re-
ceived their titles ; as those were, if properly at-
tended to, they would demand their must strict
attention. He considered the system of those
mates vicious, and would therefore rote fur the
amendment.
After some observations from Sir G. WARRRN-
Des. Mr. HUSKISsON. Sir 'l'. Tuarort, Captain
Palms'. and Lord PALSIERVITON, the lions& di-
tided on the amendment, when there appeared—

Aycs

Pl'oes

Majority is favonr of Ministers.... 3d
The Other orders of the (14y were then disposed
af, and the Flintx aelj,.ll rued tst 011 F. &CLOCK.

MR. MACON'S BILL

.'ISE&?ATIONI UPON 111. MACON% ■(L/..

[From a Ners-Y.rk Alper)

Are we neve.- to see the end of measures, equally
repugnant to the seenrirleil prnfe a mos of our rulers,
and subversive of Ow public welfare ? After running
through all the cheeses of eelWine!etal restrictions.
which have Isnot hled tiny /ellen(' iin pal ed the uto:.als,
and utterly drrmigerl tics eons:tierce of the country,
is there no priepect of administration bring yet
wrested front that folly, ter t spirit off.rtien, which
is test anniltiliting the sourros of our wealth, as it
has already emasculated and .I.'egraced lntr amino
Or, are we to contrut ours hr's with btuuibrtiuu.
poverty. and dishonour, provisfri we receive the
approbation mud countenance of 'mime ? I haul
really hoped that there did exist town te!. if not
sufficiency of elevated pride and snood
Mg, at least such a portion ref C4lllllllOll 'user lilt
eClin IT) CM discernment, as would restrain t .glees
(rem farther rape nistriits in the downw :111
which, to a period certainly neat, nuts, deli! Vi its
up to r.%il cnnvulsians. 01-yr1.11,011., and rt. ;i..
'hhese ruler., whatever miry be ilte.r tires or tort
a islies.• cannot new plu,.4e the moots iron o,r.
The last attempt. by their mimestivre 'sigh Mr.
Jackson, to infirmie the country, and to raise it to

the war 10 e, has t lithely failed. lit I at.
have been the public sensibility upon Ile I*llo
the bulletin, the curmage, and the first lip,.
of the documents, the ',debates that have tokti
place in Congreses, joined se the di-cos-ion. that
Rare appeared in all the leading federal
have so far destroyed the public twolidence 411 the
integrity of these people, that .thsy tum.ut now, tf
they would, excite u desire for war. Thtir ortly
expectations, their may retnaiiiiiig diaper ror
is to effect the adoption' of measures, wined, how.
ever mischievous to the country, may produce loci,
retaliatory regulations, on the part of Eaglet d,
may be made the occasion of agitating and iiitLina
iug the country to such it iitch as will enehte thaw
to bring &shout their object, indirectly.
Mr. Macon's. Bill, whatever may have been de-
signed, is a measure of thin tendency.-.. The r- can
be no doubt of the authority of Congress to ivies
Nasigetion.Act. But its principles must la.: such
as will secure ns sgainst those mediae _ore r.'. 1.
tissue, which must either put an end N all agrt:;,.-
lion, or must detect the professed object ul avg.....
lug the whole or a principal part of it for ...1140••'‘..c.
As the Britisli Navigation Act is deemed to he aii
thority and a model, let AS examine its proceioi,.,
and compare them with thoutißoriftiMshr.siM;ou:is:l:4l:
Acenriliog to the British Navigation Act, the
trade between Great Britain anti a foreign couttrr
cats be carried on only by
*lisps of such foreign country—And foreign pro-
dactione eau only be imported into Eugland direct-
ly from the country of their growth or
wsunfx-
tare. The liusitations of this &mons Act apple
only to the articles imported into Great Britain;
it being free for soy weasel to export and to tarry
whithersoever may be .draired, the interlace aed
manufactures of Great Britain. Thus, by my
of illisstratiou, while British tnerchani'ise may
be exported to -Russia its Russian or British
vessels, nr in die vessels of any other country,
which /Livia permits to import them, the pro.
ductiona of Russia can be imported into Great
Britain only iu British or Russian vessels, and such
i&portaitions must be directly from Rime., and nut
front any third place. In time of war, the Kill
in Council has, by occasional Acts of l'adiauicui, a
power to dispense with this restraint, as to the di-
rect insportatious, and to permit fitertgii tuerchaii-
dise to be imported from interinaliete or thud
places, so that as far as respect* the productions and
manu(actures of Great Britain, they may be ex-
ported in the vessels of any country ; and, as far IS
concerns the produs thins and massufactures of say
foreign ebuistry, that are permitted tube imporml
into England, such importation re couhued to llii-
tt%h Vessels, and ve.is.-Is of melt foreign country;
the right of carriage being connives to both.
Mr. !Flacon's bill propeis s a very different regu-
lation: namely. tis.a the whole of the imports of the
United Stmts. from ceflain foreign conniries,
well as the whole of the exports to these cauteries
shall be confiner) to American* bottoms. Greet
Britain and the Uuited States are COAlatel•
cial stations, and rivals in the carrying trade. It is
a maxim alike elicient and equitable, that the law
which others apply to 134, we may justly apply h.
them°. Great Brittle, therefore, train 'bosom°.
tires, which lull IltlltV All states. Mill, without ilmot.
enact a regulating srnicenring MAT C ttttttttttttttt
(recourse with them. of the like impent with the es
gulations of Mr. Macou's bill coneeritiog t4t.ir eon,
nterciad intacounse with us. The (se:seen:net •i:l
be drat our se-sels, beiiit, excluded (iota their part.,
sod their vessels•meluded from ours, they will meet
in the Western islands, sad other iiittruttinate
places, whither we shall carry our rapper, mad she,e
they, in virtue of a relaxation of this nativism
lan, will come to receive them, as alm—t eir,y
other market will. by belligerent Dec:sea awl Or.
tiers, be closed against us. Great Britain sell be
the principal and almost the only market for OW
produce, witch is • .re than sufficient for its silo-
ply so that to the reductions of price, from the
want of competitions in the markets, the pro-
posed regulations, by requiring the dout,k.
freight, sill reduce still lower the rice of out
productions. Aud as by the proposed law oar
vessels cannot import into the United Shurt
the manufactores of Great Blithin or her territer,ii.
except directly'; us we shall be shut out' from thy r
ports, us the same manner that they are shut nut
from air--the coasequence must lie, that stn to!..
de of British manufacture will be lawfully im-
ported let., the Unites! States. lint although
aims may divert the course of a river, a million isa-
not stop it from r •g to the sea ; in, Otte
our rulers may forbad the importation of sit
which our habits and wants 7equire, they col
prevent our obtai g them—we shall be 501.11.
and the country will Mt only line the islaenit,
goods, but an udilitional suite, suffivient 10 1.01.11
sate the risk of briuging them. Not only will
goods Ise sopplied at an enhenced pike, but the
venue will be defrauded ; since, lw,M4 1"‘10"
rootrary to Li.. no ditty will lie colri led.
even these are not the wow effects of the rc;,
non.
No coantry on earth possessed a bah of I:
honourable merchants than those ut• the
Slates. In 11011 e wits there eVer 11.1 1,414 t. A NA.
ColititOCl with co few frinda. Tv-c
men, victims of the incapacity of our rule!,
be restrained lie' the law, but their Pisces
as, under the exigusg cud formic r
lions, their tokers have been sarieheil, I.v
known vet•tiumerons body of -

..I

c hilaiteiii with for•ibthers.
heshiscui. %4 4fisig xt pairiottl.vo,
Laws, wdl WI our M:11 krt,) with •,1
alreiviv liu.itit,% hie shifted ;anti s

Me" per isprarmg isuloug•st it. **oh
credit to do that bustuemi %511t,•1i Wore worto
I I Vt.% to.uprllyd olerhite.
If till the 1.4.0 r of France his brett ett.tl
@saute.. r 1/1.611111160.{. CAI 4 Ke peg •11 1(11 I'll'
thAt the Utittral States 1410 be aliic to sac.
this itnoolthe and unmoral r ? A
tri d tht.ios the entir.r of the
and then Armed In I.
Valli .I.lr via • woe will lie .1e

le: -1

timmlimi of Ilitse re.triok.

cown.t. Corrt4i6 lint iot,• r 11 r

Irrwprritr, at rerlet.i-h
gill rlo "wither-4ml the 0
Vr imagmr4 lor t..eir :rrbryr•

m
• .• 44.4 ingetn flint n. by P..
Mt. —St.% t annul.. Jr put: •tr,t4..1

the.riews or France ; sod, secondly, the
trelty prolonglint the powers or it fiction.
the country fro U the 44. 111111011 S liCIICIII"Jv
wilt relissoir of ssss Ilit.i#6llr. And
I qtreeit then, it hnt o Ir cows,. th

o rain: and th.it that hi.
re.tore eu, '' tttt erce to its freedom and
h winds; to Ilk the country in comfi-
t war; rod. with a spirit of alio lerution,
int„,rii 'ray, and good ruith, to mitre npt
ant of our misionderstandings and di.-
with foreign nations. This ha. ill. been
the departure of the apirstite Adams,
~ne, there are the hest grounds for ex-
it the !vault will be honourable and ad-

FOREIGN IA ritLLiGENcs.

FROM THE GERMAN PAPERS.

PANICS OF THE F. 1.110, Of %ILL,' 10.

is reported, on the arittionty of several re-
s;rectsble rive.; letters from Vienna, that a close
;„!imee, offedsiie and dcfeas:.e, will Ice soon con.
dialed between Austria and France, in which the
fee of Turkey is also to be settled. The French
mid Aileron' Diplomatic Agents, at Coostantino.
p:e, are raid to have receiver' fresh propositions to
he made to the Grand Seignior, which, unless they
are accepted, a rupture with France and AuAtrie,
at the same time, is to be the immediate coolie-
These proposals are reported to be highly
Monica' to Great Britain, and to herd to the entire
exclusion of the trade of that country to all parts
of Turkey and the Levant. Negociations are also
wid to be on foot between France and Prussia, for
the cessation of Silesia to Austria, for another ter.
'dory of equal value. Prussia is also raid to have
been calleA upon to furnish, in case France should
be engaged in a war with any Northorn Power, a
motile:Tem of 20,000 men. As this stipulation
seems evidently to be directed against Russia, the
Cabinet of Berlin, for a variety of ransom, has
hitherto refused to agree to it.
According to mend letters from France, Berna-
dotte, Prince of Punte Ceres, has fallen into dis-
grace with his master Napoleon, and cannot at pre-
sent appear at Court. The Kiog of Holland was
likewise no the point of losing his crown, but by
the interretenee of Madame Napoleon's mother, he
has all at once got into his brother's good graces
again.

The price of colonial products will aeon reach
en exorbitant rate at Hambnrgl►, as the King of
Denmark has. out of complaisance to Bonaparte
and hie agents, forbidden the tending of these ar.•
tide► from Alton., not only to I lamburgh, but also
to other places in his earn dominions, under pain
of three inanthe imprisonment. This severe mea-
sure is incch blamed by his Cerium subjects; and
great discoutent also protasis at Copenhagen.. It
is thought, that if the American slips are per-
tnit•.ed to soled nest 3'eas Dollish ports, a
French army will occupy Holstein.

DRESDEN, MARCH 1.

The rejlicings for the expected marriage of our
iilantioui ally and protector, will begin on Mondiy.
This capitol will be illuminated. Preparationv are
also making for several /vies to be given at Court.

AUGSBURG, Yin. IS.

Among the contradictory reports which are in cir-
culation, relative to the partition of the provinces
ceded to the Confederation of the Rhine, the fol-
lowing skins to deserve notice:—Bavaria obtains
the principality of SAW:meg, the country of Reich-
tolsgarlen, the Qiisiter of the I in, the ceded part of
Upper Austria, and a part of Barenth. She cedes
in return a district with 180,000 iiiluthitaots to the
king of Wirtrinberg, who, on hitrpart, will cede to
the Grand Duke of Baden • district containing
80,000 souls.

ANSTBRDAM, FEB. 214.

A courier, whoarrived, this morning, from Paris,
has brought dispatches of the highest impoitance
for this kingdoms. These dispatches, the
15th inst. contain certain intelligence of real and
immediate negociatons between their Majesties the
Emperor and our King. Every possible good may
be hoped Aston the issue of these negociations ; as it
is known that the King is disposed to conform in
every thing to the *irises of his illustrious brother,
and to make every practicable sacrifice to secure
the preservation of the country. This interesting
intelligence has been transmitted in two letters
from His Majesty, one addressed to the Council of
Ministers, and the oilier to the Legislative Body.—
(Alseille du Nerd, Marrh 9.)

THE BRITISTI PRESS,

. LON DON,
SATURDAY. Nlticm

The Misuse of Commons, la,t night, presented •
nPw sad extraordinary scene. Mr. SHERIDAN'S
°mice of a motion on the petition of Mr. Groans
FAlMtiliallloll, complaining of the byr.lsw of the
liplichers of Lincoln's-Inn, for the exclusion of
"engrafts connected with the public press from
Elm., was union the (inlets of the Day. Mr.
tint.sto•u sttembri in his place, to do his duty ;
Mr. wimmisr, anticipating los purpose, rose
t r more the titaiitling Order of the House fur shut-
hi"; the Gallery. and it was cleared accordingly.—
hilr.WittDNeM has long since (eased to be the refire-
sristive of Norwich. Ile once had the honour of
representing the populous, high-spirited. and in-
depearlcat Borough of St. Mauves; and hes uew

the honour of representing the free and iudependent
Borough of Hightm-Ferrers. Mr. IWrivonsu,
therefore, in thus preventing the voice of the
representative from being heard by the peupl.-,
had not tosdrend the fate of Mr. Vallee; he was
in no danger of being kicked duo:, from the high
and proud initiation of representative of the cool-
ty of Cambridge, to a rotten borough, for there
he is already ; and while lie has a purse or a pa-
tron, lower he cannot descend. Yet he bogs:led
and hesitated, as if afraid of the undertaking ; um!
it was not until pressed by Mr. SHERID•st and the
SrEAKER, that he hail courage to declare los pur-
pose it) parliamentary terms. It will be uatuielly
presumed, that the motives which could incite •
Member of Parliament to the adoption of so un-
popular a course, and toper hilly a Member like Mrs
Wt N DHAM.who effects to belong to Opposition, must
be not merely strong and satisfactory, but actually
irresistible and iuvineible. Now, the reaton assigned
by Mr. W I N rill 111 was, that, se the rptestion to be
agitated affected a portion of thepenple, the Gen-
tlemen, whose duty it is to report the Debates in
the Newspapers, who must, from the nature of their
avocation. he presumed to he in the gallery, it be-
came necess&y to exclude them loon the gratifica-
tion of hearing their own praise. This is the mo-
tive assigned fur his conduct by Mi. WINDHAM.
and all that he thinks necessary to plead in his de-
fence. So, then, the Liberty of the Press, being
the palladiums of the Constitution, the Right Hon.
Member was afraid that the modesty of the Gentle-
men connected with the Public Press would be
shocked, if permitted to hear the praises whit's Mr.
SHRRIDAN. the Champion of the Constitution.
would probably bestow upon them. Bat where
did all this delicacy sod regard for the feelings of
those Geutlemea 'dumber and hi le, when they
were locked up in the gallery, and compelled to
hear all the invective and abuse, and hear all
the odium, which the Right llonunreble Gen-
tleman was pleased to heap upon them ? In the or.
dinary course of the dispensation of justice, it is
usual to hear both sides; but it was reserved for
Mr. WINDHAM to ID tint tin, that the party should
hear all that could be said against situ, hut nut one
word of what could be stated in ids defeisee. We
have read of the secret Tribunal, awl of the lequisi-
tioo ; but although their • Ty name strike. horror
into the human breast, we have not heard of any
such rule in their proceedings. The parry, it is
true, was tried in secret, and left at the mercy ut h:s
Judges, who had nothing to fear from public opi-
nion, and acquitted the guilty, or punished in-
nocence, at their pleasuie; but, although thus trizd
in darkness, he had au opportunity of making
big defiruce, and hearing what one of 1114 judges
might be disposed to say in his limn% It
ill thconics an Englishmaii, and advocate of the
Cetholic claims, to ay.', in a tint's!' Senate, a prM-
-eijite from which the ioquisarion revolts : But what
extravagauce and ineonsistency • •vy out be ex.
peeled trans the man, who declared that -"CoItBETT
deserved a statue of gold," and reproached Mr.
Fox with being " a pander to the Wisest putwons
of littiti:lll nature ;" who Altera:tr.!s did suit and
service to that Nlr. Fox, as his levier, and has
shier abused that COBBeT r, us one of those base and
prostitute wretches, connected with the public press,
who ought to be driven limn society ? It would his
waste of time to follow this part of the arrlurnent,
which, if rushed to its full leng.h, would go to
prove, that, in every case of a pelitip.i, the gallery
should be cleared. lest the pet,tio.ler should heisr
something to lies advantligo. W litre the inbj.ct of
debate ni iy lead to the ih,elosare of facts or pur-
poses, the publicatioo of 0,111.,1 might prove detri-
mental to the piddle, or to individuals, no goal
sn ject wiail wish to gratify his eurio•i:y at the
expense of his country, or tli.! safety of his coin:try-
men. In all such cases, the enforcement of the
Standing Order for the exclusion of strangers is
proper, acid we have never known the people, or
the press, complain of it. nut if veer ther • was •
case in which such a proreeli:4 was wanton and
unnecessary, it appears to u. to he the pr. brie Oise.
We know no one good eitd that it cntil I rtswer ;
hut we know one evil that it is calculated to notie.
The character and cenduct of the persons sinnect-
ed with the public press have been grood% aspersed,
and en opportunity has been, in a great measure,
lost, of correcting the errors of those who may li ire
been disposed to the misreprese mai ion. But, how-
ever strung this conviction is upon our mind, and
however conscious we feel, that, were we to publish
nine-tenths of what we have learned, as having
passed in the I louse during the exclusion, we should
not offend against the spirit of the order, or even of
the reason on which it was enforced, yet we should
be sorry to Incur the suspicion of dituesprct to the
House of Commons; neither du we choose to cam.
mit ourselves with such an adversary as Mr.
WINDHAm. Without, therefore, entering into
detail, we shall content ourselves with merely
noticing the names of the speakers and the result.
—The result was indeed high!y honourable to the
House, and to all parties in it. Mr. SHERIDAN
stated the case with • delicacy and moderation
that could not ruffle ev. n • feather in the wig of
the most learned Beuclier of Lincoliee-Inn ; and
upon an assurance from Sir Jon% ANsTRuTitER,
that the obnoxious bye-law had been made incon-
siderately, and that it was the intention of the
Beochers to rescind it, he couseoted to withdrew

his motion, upon an understanding that the
Beitchcri would tarry their intent into execution.
lu the short drbite which lock plum on !b►
subject, Mr. CROKER and Mr. S'ELPIik.NS ,strongly
supported Mr..!SHERIDAN. The ATTORNRY and
tiouctroa-GaslitAl. spoke against hie.

We have received American Papers to the eoth
of last month. Mr. blacom's Non-Importation
Hill has passed the House of Itepresentatives, by
a majority of V. It was at the Ante of these
papers in the Senate, and some of the papers
assert positively that the majority orscrld be against
it. Another measure has been introduced into the
Legislature, for authorising the President to order
the armed ships and veotels of the United States to
convoy all ships loaded with produce, the growth
of America, to any port where ordeot and decrees
are not in force against American commerce.—
They are to allow search fir enemies' property and
cotrabosui pods by eational armed ships of belli-
gerents, but not by privateers and letters of marque
vessels; and are to resist the ceptute of any vessel,
unless-hating on board artiel coatrsband of war,
or enemies' property. The merchant vessels are to
arm on the same conditions, and give bond for their

But hostile as these prociMiugn may seem to be.
there is a decided change in the sen.iments of the
people. The great majority are for an -adjustment
of the differences with Great Beit4in. Two of the
States, Massachusetts, and New 'Voile, have payed
resolutioi.s, in which they deprecate the idea of a
war with Great Britain ;*iu which, defeat, they say,
would entail disgrace and ruin, and success only
subject the United States to the same slavery with
the eittingnialiKl republica of Venice, Switzerland,
and Holland.

We have :itcyivert cove farther sets of Paris
Papris to rite anal entli : they are nearly filled veith
the Minutes of the Evidence on the Inquiry into the
Expedition to the Scheidt. The English letter of
rni-rque, the Moir/trod, of 18 gun-, was taken by the
French privateer the Alexandrine, on the 26th last,
after an action of two hoer.. and curried into l)leppe.
TM! English gallsot the Alarm has been also cape
lured by the French privateer Le Limp-Garen.

e have received German Papers 'to the lltb
instant, fmni which we have made some extracts.
The new alliance between France and Anstria, will
probably soma determine the fate of Turkey. and
facilitate the plans df Boa APARTI agaieut Biiiisls
Commerce in the Lev int, and perhaps open a way
to our poserasious 10 units. King Louis, it is ad-
mitted, having incurred the displeasure of his tyrant
brother, was nearly losing his kingdom. but their
mother hits succeeded in reconciling them, and the
sentence prOtinuoced upon Holland, it is understood,
has been mitigated. BICKNADOTTE, had els, in-
curred the displeasure of his master, hut has not
been restored to favour.

Extract or a letter received in nlasgow, by the
Owners of the ship Nancy, GlVaio JOHN CR4W-
VOID, dated aelowlerre, Guudulou,w, 10th Fels
I eio-44 I wrote you the 2rith of January,: ire.
forming you of your ship Nancy being captured
and sunk sy tour French lrivatett, in lat. 4t. and
lung. ; they were out lire days from
with stores nod troops for this place. • We arrived
the I7th of December, but owing to a strict em-
bargo, had no opportunity of Worming you sooner;
we are now set at liberty by the surrender of the
Wand to the British. The only ship here is the
St. Andrew of Greenock; there are some weasels at
Point-s-Petre, bill. I have not seen them yet."

We understand that licenses were, on Thursday,
refused by the Board of Tra•le far the importation of
commodities of any descnption from Fr,ince:—
Thirty-two ships are now, however; in progress of
lading for France, with tin, train nil, logwriod, in-
digo, and a great variety of other articles need in
consequence of this itnex!!ected 111•111 rce
of demai,d, merchandise of this kind has risen in
our niarkrt

The wholeof the eight millions of Excheriner WIN
proposed to he funded, were offered, mr Thurs-
day morning by ten o'clock, upon the terins meii-
tio;!ed a few days ago. Great numbers were Ms-
apimiuted by not being sufficiently early in their
applie 'thin. Many of those who succeeded were
in waiting as early as six o'clock in the morning.
It is s rid that Government have issued a cons.
miss.ou to Aldermen Carleton and King, authoris-
ing a•id directing them to cause all toe ‘lartello
Towers, along the coast of Ireland, to he demolish-
ed, as it it now the declared opinion or the best en-
giueers, that these Towers, in case of invasion,
would most probably prove formidable to all but
the enemy."

Mr. Vireker's supoort of Ministry, as 'Member
for the city of Limerick, is *boot to receive a fur-
ther reward. He late;y obtained the sinecure of
the Constableship of Limerick Castle, which pro-
duced a well paid 7651. yearly. His uncle, Mr.
John Prendergast Smith, is to be Baron Gort, with
rein.iiiider to his isephziT and prec•ruptive heir, Col.
Verdn', and his issue. The title first intended
was that of Coral Colloony—but soma arch critic
miluck,ly observed, that the venerable node was
set actually or the Affair of Colloony. or concerned
iu it.

_
Mr. Bagwell, the distppointed candidate for
Tipperary, had expected the Peerage, but his claims
are t►astpowed.
he General Catholic Petition, lately preseotPil,
is the composition of Coursellor Scully, to w 1.0. e
pen the Catholic Body stand indebted for the ele-
gem and argumentative Petition prewsited to Per-
in Inos, by Mr. Fox ?lid Lord Grenville.
The Chief .Instiee Down, is too /ninth tudis-
Nuut to travel the preseut Circuit. Lord Nor-
bury is in the gout. The substituted Judges are
the Solicitor on the Leinsier Circuit, and Serji out
Moore on the Home Circuit.

With sentiments of regret, we hire to announce
the death of Dr. Law, Bishop of Elphin, who de-
pleted dna life yesterday morning. The 1011
of few prelates will he more severely deplored. and.
more sensibly fib, Chao him whose eir•lies we new
endeavour to commemorate. Dr. Law wa, 1p:of her
of Lord Ellitil.orourt.

1(.:•1.
4r
)144

TIM COUNTESS OF D4RNLErBI4AN JtOUT.-

Her Lidyahip gave a grand vont, on Thursday
night, at her elegant bonito in .brekeley-squareo
which was attended by three hundred ratthionalAci,
The grandsoite of apartments were most brilliantly
lighted up by superb diamond cult-glom lustre,,
bemiring numerous wax lights. At half-Tam ten
o'clock, the company began to awemble; amongst
wham were—

His Royal Highness the Prince of tt'a/es ; their Royal
Highnesses the Dukes of Sussex and Cernloridge; Duchesses
of Dorset, and Dowager Manchester; Mariiiiimesses of Sa-
lisbury, Downshire, Heriford, Bails, aryl Exeter ; Couniessei
of Fortescus, Cholumudeley, Oxbrdl). liarrouty, Dart.
mouth, Cowper, Elision, Sefton, Clermont, Derby, Winicr-
ton, Chesterfield, Uxbridge, and Effingham ; Viscountesses
Melbourne Hampileu, Sishumill, sad Anson ; Lathes M.
Erskine, iertb, Bishop, Kum, Metcalf, Drummond Smith,
Ellenborough, De (Ilford, Cecil, Levesoo hoses, E. tVi.ix.
bread, Metcalf, Hudson, Lamm, Coraewall, 111 otitsg.te,
Rrowsilmr, Holland, and Grenville.

Yeaterdly. His 11.wasrv, the Prinv,setes Au..
ouyr.t naol SOPHIA, took them usual taoraiug's rises
oil h nebsck, in Windsor Greet Park.
_

Yeattrday morning. the Dukes of KEW? and
CUMIIIRLAND rode ‘tith his MAJESTY. deenrel.
panted by Lord CIIESTIRPIELO, Lodi, TRYRRE•
Generals CARTWTIGHT and Fri.zaotr. and Coloodt
TAYLOR.

Yeare•duv morning, Sir FL flations, Doerors
Du ND ts arid BAI LI 6, arrived at Princess Altar., A'9.
and held a conatttatton with Dr. Pura, on Prince,'
Awar.ta's disorder.

Her Royal highness the Princess of WA
‘l,lll give a greed dialler, ft-morrow, at her 11011131:,
Kennington Palace.
His Royal Flightless the Dulcet& CVII6EALAND
will give a grand dinner, on Monday, at foil ail irt-
went, in St. Jainev's Paluce, to his Excellency the
POATOGO Zee AMBASSADOR.

Doctor Solowa. it is saki, bas received
tion from Boa AAAAA by out of the last cartels, to
pass the Honeymoon at Paris.
Lady Rosner gave a grand' rout, last
at her house in Wunpole•street, which was at.
tended by the principal Nobility iu town.
The musical youth, lately delivered of a chopp'ng
boy, is baud to have had more than one Lew to Ins
fiddle.
The following is a correct designation of th•
denim who were pre,ented to the KING, tr,i Wei-
newlay, at the Levee, by the POLITLLUESE AMSAS.
SAILOOIt

The Chevalier Rezerrn de 94.,izas, appoiuted r,livoy Extraor-
dinary mod Minister Pieuip...tottlary front ias it opt' H,Ertr
non the Prime Reg( ut ut Punnet, to the Court of St. Pr
. _ _

-1111 r. aiserreiro, formerly Charge d'Affaires at the Cued of
fhardhda, mad actually attached ‘o the Portuguese Legatioa
at this Court.

Some people affect to smite at the Thee of the Imp
feeling BOVAPAgTi:; but they forget that even Ili
oyster may be ers-sed in Tore.
Comet 'De Valmont, in Mr. °mown's pl.y of,
The toundling of the Forest,shr* found an exec:.
lent representative iu Mr. WiIEATLRY, of the Dub.,
liu Theatre.

Mr. Catrrago►La having bad a west ancressfid
Theatrical Seism', at Whitehsven, thus concludes
Ins forewell address. "I cannot now tirke leave of
any Frieudisead the Public,
_without assuling theta
that their kindnesses • are registered, where ever
• day I'll tun► the leaf to read them."
Mrs. CLAIMS'S bust having sold only for two
guineas, ought not to surprise us. tier bast Lould
not comprise any of 'herlear.par.
On the gth i,.st. the Gentlemen of the Farming
Society, to the number of fifty. dined ■t Messrs.
Monalsort and Buren's, Dawson-street, Dublin.
Sir CA P&L %MMUS. in the absence of Mt.
Forrest, officiated as President. Ihe Earl of
MEATH sat on his rigkt. and the Hue. Owen
Wynne on his left. after Mistier, Mr. Camisole
was presented with a beautiful silver cup, valued.
at 301. to which he was entitled, hoeing wen it at
the ploughing snatch. There were •several loyal
and patriotic to7ats drunk. Nlt.Gnixasou sing
new song in praise of the plough. • Messes. Sem,
WETIMPI, Frrz+tstttoas, and MIMIC sang 'eve.
nil good airs. Mr. Guinan sang •• -Love/9 Wo-
man" iu excellent style. itenuagst the company
were,

• The Earl of Meath, air C. Molyncux, Hoe. Gwen Wynne,
Bev. C. Bercsford, Joha Fettaerrioue. R. Slane,
field, George Grierson, and C. P. Doyue , Mews. Fsispe.
trick, Fistaborec, liatteraby, Scally, Goiug, sm.
There is no truth in the report that Mr. Y.Olllll
and Mr. IVlNon.tts hare been • returned for Li.
ventry.

A man of the name of Field, whu keeps a public.,
home at Old Windsar, has mule a bet of lot)
guineas, to run in a sack from lb-de-Park-Col ore
to Windsor, in 24 hours. lie is to start un Sue lay
night, after twelve o'clock ; he is to have as loony
sacks as he may want, i.nd cliange n. often rs lie
pleneeoi; and if he full, to get up without
anee.--Many hundreds are betted on the race.

tuss Hitter, Esq. who was broke for disre-
spect to Lord GAMIII6,II. was restored to his auk
of Rear-Admirsl of the Whi e on Weskit*.lay
On Ttientry, the 13th eurrent, • a ploughing
match took place, on the farm of Millschie. (pro-
perty of the Duke of Nlontrosr) posee•sed I y
liens Weit, when, Ly nine o'clock in the ntornngs
thirty-seven ploughs started for the pressruns*. Tire
excellent performance of which gave general erns.
faction, riot only to the kelp's, hut !o a large ers
course of gentlemen, present on the ut, asiou. The
judges awarded the prizes as fellow% viz. to imams
Denholtn, servant to tVillianioorie, Buehler, this
first prize—..o Robert Logan. ..00 to Wm. Lyon,
Dam, the second—to John Brichnnan, serratot to
Alexander Buchanan, Balvie, the thud, to Airs.
ander Ruohautni,.crvent te Robert Wcir, 1(s)a•on„
Cie fourth—to James Boyle. se,vaitt tq tei:l eta
We;r, Millichen,•thr: 00—'0 Gi!,"-Elatill4otes 'Hero
wit to Gt..). Burn I.ep:och, the sixth ; and toll .
Fairre„ woo to Tho-. the seventh;
all of which were di.trohote.l by the said
Weir. Besides the excellent prrformince displ”ed
on the of-carrion, we h tve to add, that the uklest
farmer within the ',mit, of our acquarntasir.o .Ines
net rem?ushgr such a .hew of fine cattle and re,
ing utensils, thcbcontruted relax of the Ins
being Own 4,0001. sty; I eg.

\

1

• sure with tl
h oo• of thee
T., rel,:llt• tl
.res•rve
si•i.inAl re/,
u• from
been ilo.ie—
it. former CII
7,0:1 t• meet
tiriancia, i
an arli u dine
szrcuieents
dune since tl
1,,,t :len do
rectiiii; than
sau'ageu 1116
• Ffll
ER
It is repo
,Jectslite pi
offi
chided bets
fate of Tut
and Amaral
are raid
to' made to I
are accepted
at the same
quence.
iiiiroical to(
exclusion 01
of Turkey a
said to be o
the cessatiot
'dory of vie
tweo called I
be engaged
contingent
seems eeirlei
Cabinet of
hitherto ref'
Accordion
done, Prim
with tb I
grace w
sent appear
likewise no
the interfert
has all at
again.
The twig
an exorhits
Denmark I
and hiri age
tides Iron
In other pia
of three ma
sure is ince
great discos
is thought,
noit..ed to
French art
The reja
iilartrioui
This capita
also inakin
/ern ong
ciliation,
ceded to t
lowing she
the princis
tolsgaiden.
(Tamper Am

A

• . •
POLIC.I. .
...1•1•10

•

• 118* &Tarry.
• Eit'ELLI3M.
Y••terthy L. t 4. Gayly&', Esq. was brOught to tie (lace
hr ArMaus, before :Mr. GRAUAV, charge.' will' ventilate
k•ttee to Ahlbustrugh Richardson• Esq cLallrughts
light a dad.
The parties formerly were officers belonging to the 20tb
reguneut of light alingiunis. The elia.lenge was ant to cur •
sequence of sonic expatiations acid to hurt been made use of
hr 11r. Itteiniaun, as to the eua e of the l'risuurr liirlug
the regiment but Mr. Itarhardso3 refused 1.. areept the
challenge. The Yns•mer fraud bad, ►hnself w 2.111 i. and
two sureties au tool. each, to Lee p the peace for I: mouths.

HOME CI Rel. IT.

KENT ASSIZES.

MAIDSTONE, II ASCU No

IBILLYAMIIII 10. tour? and 0TH14114.

Mr. Grianutv stilted, that this was no action to
reenter a compensetiou in dainagra for an assault
and take imprisonment, eerier circumstances the
most infamous he ever recollected to have heard.
The Plia ant' win a minor, it young gal, milder II
years of age, who sued in the moue ef her father,
as her prockin anti, or next friend. The Defend-
out was a Constable of the city of Rochester,
where the Plaietiff's father lived in a very reseedt.
able hue of life, currying on the trade of a slop-
seller. In the month of September, last year,
there was a fair at Stroud, in the neighbourhood of
Chatham, sihieh was much firquented by all the
inha'.itaists of :hose places. The Plaintiff, in com-
pass) with her tether cud mother, weld to the fair.
as many of their neighbour. also did. It happened,
its was nut utilikily to happen in such a 'dare, that
by the prersure of the crowd the Houma gut Kepa-
rated front her father and lowlier, and lint being
able ti, find theta, site made tile beat of her way
home. She found her hither will mother hail not
collie home, and, therefore she waited patiently
against their dour until they should arrive. While
she was iii this situation, she was addressed by the
appreutice boy of Roust, who impertinently *ali-
ened her to go with lino. She gave hint a proper
reply; upon which he proceeded to take some wore
lihrrnes with her, u bleb she mowed. In the
mean time, the Defendaot, Roust, came up, and,
he was sorry to say, instead of currectine the item-
leore of his apprentice wirer& a defenceless young
woman, hr actually dragged her from her father's
door to the cage, louder pretence that she was a com-
mon prie•titute, cud had assaulted his apprentice.
When Brejaiain, the father, came home, he learn-
ed what hail happened to hiaarlaityhter, and rodea-
voared to procure her eseargetatent ; but all his en.
treaties proved in vitin, amid she was detained the
wholeof that slight in cestudy. Davies the next
day procured her literraiim, he espressos' hie de-
terminstion of seeking redreits by law, and he ec-
cordingly brought an action for the injury his
daughter had sustained. Grow and grievous as the
wrong done to him was already, it rise nothing to
what followed; for the Defendant boasted he could
ready ~.et rid of the .yew's chew, seed accordingly
he went before a Magistrate,• and swore to on as-
sault egainat all three, father, mother, antl dough'
ter. and, es the family were quiet% sitting iu their
house, several soldtera, with their lityoorts fixed,
were marched its, awl the viliele family compelled,
at the point of the 'minuet, to go regalia to the
cage. %hen they were confined in a filthy distigeon
uuder around. This being on the Friday, Ike
Plitiotiff„ as • Jew, could not by Ins religion take
may steps for hi. liheratiou ou the Saturday, bring
has nab' nth. nail on Seedily no Magistrate was sit-
tog to hear hi. cumpl lint. While in this *tura.
he iiegzeil 11 little indulgence; belt not so
much as a drop of water would glary let hien or
Ins family have, utile..., as it condition, he promised
to ahead in the action which hr had •brought
against the Larked mt. O.i the Sunday retiring
he proration' to ac..eile to these terms, hut
hinnr4: received a little refreshment, he found
his spirits recover, and what it was proposed that
he 'humid sign • release• he said, •• No, I will wait
now until I eau go before it.Magistrete in the 1110111.
lug, who will do what is sight ;" he accordingly
retualited with his family in custody until Monday,
when he was discharged. Mr. 611,116V1 said, he
most add, that the 1./trendiest prefeired a bill for
a,. aseanll at the Sessions against all the family, so
that goers were none to contradict their testimony,
and it was true they were found guilty; but the
Court were so little satisfied with the verdict, that
taut merely inflicted a nominal punishment, by
*tent them one shilling. tie should see whether
they would, on the present occasion, attempt to set
o;0 the same defence.

Plaintuff wa4 about to call his witneorpe„
ssh n it appeared he had given no notice of action.
which the Defendant, as 4 Constable, %US entil Ira
to, and the Chief Baron held this nonisaion to he
fatil, and the Plaintiff was nen-saitell.

- - - -
Tie business of the Civil Ade was tiui.hc I,
CROWN SIDE.

Mary Kisg was indicted for the murder of he►
female illeaitimate child. There beisig HO proof
that the child was born alive, she was anymitted.
Jasaies Betas was char t.d with a rape upon an
ilfant of Moe yea,s of age. From the
of the child. the tapas' part of the charier could
not be auhstantiateil. He was rinuticted of the
misdemeanour, awl acirteut etl to two years' ilopp-
sorweseat.

- -
Hader Tiekae► was indicted for sterling • shiep
in the parish of Mail.tone; there was no count for
lettlimg the sheep, cud there being NO proof of the
sheep having been taken off the ',remises of the Pio-
aecutor, by the direction of the Learned Judge,
IIeATH. he was acquitted.
Salome! Free was charged with hurxhirt, in the
hn•se of Mr. Ciaiste. it Snaky, on the Itith der of
June. The Prisoner, in consequence of one of his
companion, being apprehended for another crime,
confessed this charge, from a fear of tie other's im-
peaching him ; but from the confession (the wh•'e
of it being elect ssary to be taken) it appeared, that
the hon.,. W 4% nn' hurglariuswily entered.
Godly of stealing to the amount of 39%. in •
dwelling-hourTrativottalingt (Of •even years.

Wednesday night, between eleven and lwrive
o'clock, the honor ar Mrs. liasasr, in Bell-court,
Osseo...inn-lane, was forcibly entered Liy live des-
perate ruffians, who ~ere in the set of I,w king tits
. some of her property ; the watch being ittatisterl,
the %inane decamped without that iuteaded b goy.

PRIE4TE CORRESPONDENCE.

Rfige Tr easpyri, Darbadoes, Jan. 16, 1110.
The folloati"e. totters content borne intertsting
paiticulai-, atteiisling the attack ou Guadeloupe,
which are rim yet generally knows: :
I shall bow state, that preparat ons are pretty
forward, and begin detailing the incitements of an
expedition, obviously forming fur the attack on G um-
dakilie. I must, however, fns the present, 141.rar
entering into ally particulars of the arrengeineuts
and magnitude of the forces to be employed on this
service; it will be sulficieut that I now state, that
this army comprises a great part of that which, a
twelvemonth ago. distinguished itself by the gal-
lantry with which it reduced the Island of Marti-
nique; and will, on the present service, as on that,
be led by Sir George Beckwith. Major•Cioneral
ilialop got,* second in command ; and ta Brigs-
dier-Geilerals Harcourt. Maclean, Barron, Skin•
bier, and Wale, respective brigades are confided;
and Brigadier-Generals Gledstanes, Ramsay, and
Shipley, are also einploye4 in their ream:lave de-.
1141 tinroits. The troop. from this Island embarked
yeqertine, and this day, board the Woke,
hire, Nestor, Royalist, Mar, Celembine,
mod Zephyr, transports; and will sail, thirevening.
under convoy of the Oppireer frigate. touch at St.
Lucia, and then proceed to Prince Rupert's, Domi-
Mee, which is to be the general rendezvous of the
expedition. The main body will sail fronts Marti,
nig ite. under the Admiral, this day.
The enemy, it has been long evident, is in pre-
paration to receive our attack ; and, it appears. that
he MENUS to make his principal stabil in the interior;
most of his disposable force baring been, fur some
time, concentrated in au entrenched catap, in a
very defensible position, at Montilla, about seven
miles from Basseterre (the capital of the island).
The coast of Guadeloupe is very well defended by
sea batteries, the principal fortifications being those
of Fort Matilda, at Baseeterri., end Fleur de Pee,
at Point.t-Petre. Tim position occupied at Ma-
Want, gradually rises, in a N.E. direction, above
Basseterre, and is inteir.,cted by several deep ra-
vines, with a thick we, 1) country around. Gene-
ral Ernouf has the character of an experienced of-
ficer, and I am sorry to say the enemy have been.
too ,uccessful in receiving supplies of late.
Under these circumstances, we naturally expect
a very obstinate resistauce.

I s-utjuiu general orders.
GENERAL ORDERS.

" Head-quarters, Martinique, uuth Dec. 1809.
" In biotin's forwand to the rewind of operatious against
the enemy, the Commander. is Chief rails to the remembi :ince
of the :trio the siritiesplcs established in various orders, -Minted
prior to thl• 311..,k in Martinique, the instructions corimoted
in them, th,- siiccessfel ternstuatiou of the campaign, the
public thailg, with which the Generals, the Officers, and
honoured by their Sovereigu sad their country.
To tb-• St'ilf of the wirps then employed, amd uuw under or-
ders, in pi etft4l the 11111/11121tee a these regulations, the ef-
fects of n Lich they have eminently eitpeticnced, nail to the
troops nor• employed, fur the first time, in this country, ►e
trusts, with cooldeace, they will profit from the past, and
emulate the extespk of the late campaign. The order of the
t9lh Nutetahee. tiloe, contains so conipletely the nista/est
opinions arts. Cseassaader of the FOletlS, that he titers to
it to be read to the Army, Sic. Ike. tie"
[Then follow genets! regulations.]
GENERA I, ORDERS.

" liesilhestartria, Barbadovs, tqth Noe. ten..
" Lieut. Getters! Bee kwith feels it his duty to admit-et:, the
Army, which he nt patent has the honour to command, and
to lay urn the critical state of the war, and what is expected
from timu troops, by their Kin and cusiutry
"To counteract the evils el-dispersitia, and to rise soperior
to the pressure of climate, call in ins moment degree for the
carrel ~,, sof the military •irtiics. To the general and oth-
ceis to the command of smarms ; to the officers of high rank
on the Amend stall, nothing is required; their experience,
judgment, and patriutiven, will supply what is mcessary in
all posible situation', and under all circumstances of service,
• hrtlwr la the brilliant course of uffeusire operations, or us
the solid airangemeat of she dafeasiee war; which, when
ahly conducted with *arrow weans, perhaps, bears away the
paha sn the opinion of thine whose &einem point to fame,
amid the gratification uf a just eunbition. Commanding (MI
errs of battaliom, by their talents and anemic.. sat only
MTh t young officers, Domemsnumssioned ufgcers, and
troupe, in • kiinailedge of their duty ; but, supported by an
exertion (Kam other field olinvis, raptaius, nod officers of
service habit, at eider, discipline, sad intelligence,
which piepart the ands of men to great and noble actions,
the lute of glioy, and the sense of couatry. Time excel-.
lent dispositions iitvr.realoy displayed by the British armies,
are win Hy acknualtdeed. Their intrepid hurt in
the 1.14, their contempt of comforts, their high smite of their
military duties, their attachment to their king, their friends
and benefactors; serer shone sub a bri‘ebtre lustre, than
shiriug the present sumnoralde caisipala ; be it ours, when
the occasion shall preseot itself, to emu latC such a glorious
example, to support the coast of sofferiag humanity, and
to du all that depends on a., to protect the oppressed, uuJ
to restore mile to the world." •

[Then follow Genial larders and Regulations.)
Price Repert't Bae, Dominica, Jan. as, late.
The expedition is now nearly collected at this
place, and we sail in a day or two for Guadeloupe.
The naval force comprises all the men of war on
this station. The Admiral and General go with
what iv termed the weather division, consisting of
two brigades, and the reserve. Captain Ballard, of
Seretre, will hoist a broad pendant, and be with
Brigadier-Gen. liiircourt, in the lee. The wrath..•
division is expected to land somewhere about Point-
e-Pere, and the lee one, certainly, near Basseterre.
I could give you the exact amount of the forte, but
as it could not properly be published at this too-
went, it would be premature; however. you shall
Imre the names of officers Mall the departments.
Commander-in-Chief, Sir 131. Beckwith, K.B.
Serirml in Command, Myer-(aural Hsstap.
pi Brigade, Brisidier Gamut Harcourt.
▪ Midis*, Brigadier Gear& Barron.
3.1 Brigade, Brigadier-General 31I'Leun.
nth ,saile, Beradier-traeral Skinner.
• Ilii:sde, reserve, Brigarlier.Graersl Wale.
En2,ii,ers—Brisacher•llieneTal kw Charles Shipley, Colo-
nel Joh...tone, Captains Doles, Licutersaut Gremlin., Lieu-
tenant Atumly, Lieutenant Pilkissitun.
,—Brigadier-General Strbeleo,Lieuteasat•Coloiiel
Barton, Captain Storey, Captain Gerrity, Caplan' Cravens.
herr, Comma Butts, ' sin Visite, Captain Crewe; be-
sides Lieutenant Surgeon
Qaarternimarr-General, Brigadier-General Ordstaties.
Lire' '01.11.1 (ardor', Deputy Qum termarer-teeneral.
Cur WGreirree, Assistant Claarterniaster.tirueral.
Capt. Bcaily, Arista's! Deputy Quarteeinaster.Gesieval.
Cala. Crlt. illy, As mane Deptity Quarlermaster.Geiteral.
Capt. Grev, Arista's" Deputy Quartenanter General.
Minim's-General, Illeiradrer-Gewersi Ramsay.
Limit Callspiwit, Deputy Adjutant tetanal.
tapt. Aatu., Aristaut Adjuteut.llieseral.
la. at. Mills, Arista.' Ailjuisist•Gerieral
Lieut. Morphine. Awristail Adjutaat-Ge.eral.
Cormunary-Gerval, Cslliiek,
Weiberbasal, Deputy Carsniarry•Grneril.
fir other. Dare, Esc Ararat Commissary General , beside*

• This aiiiiene ere ived M eke tre•ps IS tiro, treas
tI. tl.s..sisst rusts of Pllsherksaiset •

MEDICAL DP:PARTMENT.

Dr. Daily), luspectue.
Dr. Burke, Derzt)-laspartor.
Staff Sonstuns—Fureausu, Thompson, neston, and
Cr n.

Purveyor, eat hear r

Aptabecary, hruce; besides Hospital Mates.
Principal Arnie for l'ransporta--Cept. F. Hemp-, Weather
divisiun ! Capt. Robert Parry, lee dins on.

31 thew ►my, Esq. Inspector and Superintoldiu.t of
hired armed •easels.
GENERAL ORDERS.

" Prince Rupert's Piny, Dussinien,Jan. te. ISM
" The army being now deseasbhd at the general
place of rendezvous, will proceed. forthwith, by di-
vi-ions, to positions best calculated to effect the
lending on Guadeloupe, with a view to compress
the enemy by vigorous exertions, and to bring the
objects of the campaign to an early and honourable
termination. In this important service they ate
supported by a powerful naval force. conducted Its
en Admiral of acknowledged talents and experience,
with officers and seamen united with us in one
sentiincut of public duty and national hoticur.
Thus circumstanced, the Commander of the Forces
has little to add to the instructions and regu'ai-
tiuns already issued. The General, know what is
to be done, the officers and soldiers feel that the
eyes of their King, of the country,' and of the
world. are again turned to their military character.
America, foreign and daimestic, from Labradore to
Cape Horn, is deeply interested in the result oI
this campaign. both in war au,' polico—fresy
principle that can actuate the human heart is called
forth on this ()remotion, and the Commander of the
Forces is confident of the event. Temperance,
discipline. and humanity. add to permanent fliuse,
and insure success. (Signed) BECKWITH."
[Then follow regulations about provisions and somminiiinsi.)

Off easseteere. Ggadalompe, Feb. 4,
I shall begin detailing, our operattous up to this
day, as they are now important. The expechtiiin,
consisting of about 7,00 u men, sailed from Prince
Rupert's, in two divisious„ on the 25th tilt. The
Ice division, under Brigadier-General Harcourt,
(third in coin's:and) and Commodore Ballard, of
the Sceptre. put into and anchored in the &infra:
the same day, we, in the weather division, under the
Admiral, and General Sir G. Beckwith, stood for
Grand Terre, it being intended that the weather
division should land lint, and the lee one, two or
thwee days afterwards; and, is the sequel proves,
this was a most judicious arrangement. The wee.
ther division auction d off Puint-a-Pet re on the 27th,
aad made every demonstration of landing ma
Grand-Tarrr, but, on the .28th. in the morning, the
flat-boats, laauchrs, &c. with troops in, followed by
the frigates, transports, and light vessels, bore away
far St. Mary's, a bay considerably to leeward,
where they landed in gwat ceder, without oppo.t.
lion, and proceeded fur Trois Rivierirs, the Admi-
ral following, and communicating daily. Too or
three slight skirmishes took place, but the enemy
ultimately retired upon Meath., leaving or blow.
iug up their small forts. On the Id of February.
the General left the coast, and proceeded, without
cannon, over the mountains, towards Metaubu.
The Admiral, with the equalron, anchored near
Basseterre the same afternoon. The lee division,
Brigadier-Gen. Harrow t, lauded about seven miles
to the northward of Basecierre.and proceeded direct
for Metaula., leaving the town of Basseterre mid
Fort Matilda, which commands it, considevehly ou
their right. On the 3d in the morning the adeauced
troops of General Harcouit's division gained omit
extremely edvantarous position near the enemy's
redoubts ; this beitigViOrry rapid and *sue:petted
movement. the French made au effort to dislodge
our troops, which brought on a general engage-
ment, which ended in the enemy retiring, and our
keeping the position. In this affair we had about
130 killed and wounded. Great praise is ..ue to
Col. Buchan. At this moment part of a West ludia
regiment, and Capt. Howard, commanding the gre-
nadier company of the 2d biaalion, 60th regiment,
Sir G. Beckwith's army, made their appearance on
the opposite side. 1 hear they have had sonic
severe skirmishes, but do not know the particulars..
This morni lig, at seven. a flag of truce was displayed
frosnGeneral Einours house, and negociinions ore
now opened. The enemy have been completely com-
pressed ; we could tint have couqueied this island
by any other means ; for had we wasted our troops
in attacking places of minor consequence at tir-t,
e never tool.' have subdued Ernouf in his present
almost iiirulurrable position. Now, Fleur de Pee.
Fort Matiltia, flee. fall as a matter of course ; they
will, no doubt, be iiicluded in the capitols:two.
there being scarcely nay soldiers in them. I hope
to give you further psnistslars before I close this.

FEB. d.
The trace continues, and every thing is consi-
dered as settled. I believe the terms are honour-
abb. to us. mi. 7.
It appears that the whole island of Guadeloupe,
as well al St. Martin's. Inns capitulati rt. The aol-
die►s to be prisoners of war, and sent to Eng-
land. A division of transports. under Captain
Parry, will soil, in three days. with ono thotband
men ; ■ sei•nud division will follow, in charge or
myself, in taro or three weeks.

Major-General Lord Clariva is dead, at Barba-
does.

Captain P. Toupin, or the Orpheus, was buried
with ;nice 000000 on pomp and ceremony, untb.r the
directions of that awhslu•d gentleman, and ryliceFtent
Officer. Captain Roberts, of the Castar, at Pi nice
Ru pea's.

--
For several eveniugs past, different f4rm-hour,s
and cottages in and about Iterbwil.greeii huts. be, n
robbed of list. poultry. suppu.ed by labourers living
about that quarter. One 8110WMAX. a Germum
had two ducks stolen out of Lis purl, which were
iutendrd for his d 1111 l er the next day.
The following are the numbers on the close of the
Hythe electiosi

Sir J. Perriue, . 90
Mr. &yam si
Mr. Ira k,.
-49
Oa Thursday last, • self-action plane was put 1.1
motion• of a most wooklercal cohstruction, for the
winsome of conveying coals from Berwick main
colliery to the Ta.oe. It wits con.tructed and eve-
noted under the direction of Samuel Cooke, Eesi. of
Ayton House, one of the owners of that colliery.
The length of the rope 011 this plane i. 1,600 yard.;
and it is made to cosivey SO chal.ier waggr to of
cold% at the astouishileg shed of 10 miles on hour.
Much praise is doe to that gentleman for the tVia•
plasma of such a pier of mechauistn.

COURSE. OF EXCHANGE. Fussy. Itasca 23.
Ailloterttam.... 3I S 9 O. Oporto . 6.4
Ditto at Sight .. 30 7 Rio Janeiro ... 7l
Rotterdam.... 9 is t 11. Malta
Hamliursb .... 29 to elt.7. Gibraltar..
Altuns 2i It riU. Donna ... ...... tri
Paris I day's dote i., 6 Cook
Ditto ... ..... go I• f D. ICLLIoff.
Buersteses .... eu to Forsopl Gold in
Madrill
Ditto.. .....
Patents --Aegis paper. 11P0,9090 GsAll in
Ditto
Vilbos at New Vostiloons.. I o
Legbors
Geoos Mil gamer io bars ... • u u u
Venice 39 New Loeb (mach) 0 " "
Naples at Are es the Bank of Bullard
Lisbon 64 • pc: Cast.

PRICE I)F :slur
s per ( (4: I
sp. r nt. Nsey
iilaj., r per Cent
11..1.a !Not% ...... . • . •
I.sclielpier BON . .
English I...ttery
Car.swls rise

0 0 °

. .
•
•
141.11/.4L IN TE I. LIG ENC'IL
thweit/hicAss,trr:i3r,6,l gtr,tiru....ll:.,:r.prt..sS.lituenle:rfi.;..:,7, .
it t ;
GbouA:rrrir,ll::l:.3.o(l,:ileoger, who : ric"::mutru•dul; 0m:514.1 mil: le
hall
*h.
dinttly the cos ttttt and of the Baltic fleet ; to It
n, /J. 4 t the ;Norge, 74 gusts, railed this mortjog" --•
WI
Alio ors tve.i the: toreette. It, tuba, from oli Cht.: *la
1811
bourg ; end the Vanguard, 74 gun., fuss& 1'i.,..
mouth. Another large line of battle ship is iLI
„
E*
sight, supposed le he the Ponce d able, 74 goo,
;i 1114
Suileil suddenly the hope e.oap of vrae„.l:l, ' ril, I
dispatches. at 11“°'
An
• THE Mr 11111 ET&
CORN.EXCHA NGE, Diadem sta. llsKel
CURRENT PRICK OP (ikAIN. It•
to
1,..0n
rillureailti;t••• • ••
• • B°l.l
9tt. itriJe.• Theicakb'liteCoalos.l),o.l4. t 454 suit. 6.115; :4,, renew.
kye 444. 340. GUI ..... * ..... 48. e.
Barley.
Milo Peas e ~.. . Hap! Si_ed ........ cll. •
(away) i oar'. 7..5. ... .. ~,
ewe Plumy ....... • tral. g,,,,.
Grey Pea.. 475. 51/4. *teed% . ......... Om. 868.
--________,,.
UXBRIDGE. OEI
Corn.loopectsses Bettlett:-..TIIVRIttIIT, Shari W. vita . WLeat, per loud. 431. -a. le 311..--
Barley, per quarter.. 11.0. --(1. 10 451. ...1.
.11
Dais 30p. -d. to 4,:5. --4.
Beans 408. -4. to GOll. -.41.
1 Ohl 1):11.1 ..... LOA. -4. to 645. -..d.
11[C,
Per.. • Sir.-4. 10 sti.. -‘l. iso
PRICE-.._-
OF Hull.
MASS. roes RTS. key
Kent, •41. us. Bs at. tr... Kent, 41 -. le 71. es
Sereez, 31. les. 40 a. us. 11144514 31. Sr. ta el. a T)P
Basely oak 50. to 01. as. 'll•Unsksin,6l. -4. to It
-21, me*Jl
-- - - • - -- - ),,.ton
• SMITHFIELD MARKET. Masten 93. ~.,1"
T,, ~,,,a the DAM peTlll4llBe 114111 h. •Iti 8
Reet......ar. ed to tic od. i Head etC•4llr, thit dry:-
M0tt00...45. ed to to. tid. ' li,.a.ra
•• • . aio
Veal 54. 04. to 75. uo. Sheep
4,1.0, The
Pork ta. od to 7s. 0,1. Calves 4.. 1,,,...1
Lanab....os. ed. to ur. url Pigs
.:,.. .a.aIP
HAT-MARKET.
'Mr
Hay.. ..... ...al. os. .411. to 61. 10a od. i,,S
Straw ..... -al. as. tot to 31. 38 t.il. . lilt
. Clime •.. ...tsk es. ad. to 71. los ud. -- -
.• N;
PRICISI OF HAY AND STRAIT, YESTERD67
1111.J•lalties. IV immtenaPt L. PAV!
Na,, al. ea. ode tool. fro od. Hop ' 111. Ils. to 01. Ws.
Straw, el. tos.rat Mal IC. usl. Nag, ad sic tu ul. is. r.
Clutue, 61. lits• I. 71 its.
Sties, IK. 16.. to S. ar. Si D I
.--
NET/GATE AND LEADENHALL MARKETS. .iiely
(145 the Carea•s ) tack, 1
Reef 411.. 414. 10 54. dal. I vr:•I 44. ad. to 6r. sl and ap
hen,
Mottos aa. 54. to so. ad ) Rut is. 1.1. to 711. sa %TER.'
-7---
PRICE or TASLI.OW. h me
at. Jones's Market as ltdl trik-Tallow 7wr cod -s • a 111al
Care Market
Ows
Whiteetiapel Market 48 741 White 4111.0 .. 7as id -s •
Lil
Par&
past. a.m. - I *op ditto ..;'o 798 Clif -8, •
it%
9. 21 31rUissi SAaff tits 04 -wa 11
;it di
Aserage.... •• 7d Ditto rough 4.:s Go .04 •
....1.
Guars'
Good Deep
Yill•ivt Soap, 0010..-Mottled iusistiest. t I is
. Haiti
See
P. we of Candles, pia doses, 198 Bid-...ifoolds. t 3. 64 Met
.
.-7-.--
RAW HIDES. • -
Best firdery tied Steers (per Ordinary te. ode to es. et
Mune 25 5.1 to So. od. Mattel Cale 144. ad. each. rOtk
Midallnil. 311 ed. to so. 64. Eng. Harm 160.04. to stisid K
Sheep-Sklua - . • - ati. BA. to 61. tl.
COAL MARKET, MAINS 23 T
ships. Skip] mold. Price. at V
Iles ..Newesstle C0a1.... I)a
ti ..sand, riaod 6 4llle. lid. sol 444. od. II Li
I -Scotch Coal -
Pet:
t . Linder. 2 fie. ed. to -a id. TI
Sts-
PRICE OF LEATH/CR. the
Baur so to 561t0. each - 91 4}d to 2414 pet lb. Dila
Its Ito, Sh to tioine. each - 994 to 944 0.01
Merchant,' flacks - sad to VII T
bruising Hides - tpd to sod tot
Esur Coach Hides trod to find P
crup Hides a.; to aulbs fur fatties 1744 to ly Id The
Ditto as to &nibs - cud lo vl4 Mr.
CalfSkiaa 30 to aolbs -97 d to .13d A
Ditto so to 70th.. sold to 4,:d he
Ditto 7010 5011 is . tel to 4.4 14
Small Seale (Greenland) 38 oil to 38 94 'I 41
Large ditto 1008 to 1,;06 per dos. a.
Goat Mao - . . 60e to 7o•
Tainted Heels Midas • IBid to steld hi
