.. ... .
'i .
so , 7P.:41. I 747;4. ^ .
4., . . ;.. - 6
.46.
oil, 1! :• - - . . ''
. ,
,1 tii 141 t • .". :6 1 rae 1, Xt : • . .
-.. Al. - , • . - 11
, . .
. ,
2--:—::
gliTVCrt Ait 4tlit..‘le /parer I,3tvtvey.

P~

. . •

~..

the Ministers who arrivetiefore him in our city.--
At three o'clock this morning, he set out on horse-
back, and did not return till halt-past eleven, after
having minutely 'Ripened the skirts of the ity, the
different forts, the Lazaretto, dock-yard, and other
public establishments. At three o'clock, his Ma-
jesty gave particular audiences to hi• Serene High-
ness the Prince of Saxe Goth a, his Eminence Car-
dinal. Maury, and their Ercellencier Meows. De
Gallo, Ambassador of Naples, and De Lima, the
Portuguese Ambassador. His Majesty afterwards
gave a general audience to a great number of eitite
of Genoa, who were presented to him by the Mayor,
Cambiaso, and the deputations of the town of SW-
luzze, headed by Cie Archbishop of Turin, of the
towns of Verceil, Sarzanne, and various distrifts of

IiTRFAIOY AL, HAYMARKET
THIS PRESENT EVENING, July 23, will
be iireocutt•l C-i•neriv
JOHN BULL ;
Or, AN ENGLISHMAN'S FIRE.-SIDE.
mer• Ala Elli•.too ; Sir Simon Rochdale, Mr. Ma-
ry, •
; Frank Rochdale, Mr. Palmer, jun. ; Hon. Tom
vudleton, Mr Do Camp ; Flettlarioldery, Mr. Den•
aan; Dan, Mr. 11.14. iii Ladv Caroline Brayinore, Mrs.
H,iose; Mrs Srulartaldery, Mrs Powell ; Mary Thorn-
ory, Mr Cobb..
To Iwo :ch will be added the Mimics' Farce of
THE CHILDREN IN THE WOOD.
Lord Agod, Mr. Ta, for • Sir Rowland, Mr. r.thoer, jun. ;
wiltel, Mr. ; Mr. Wharton. Helen, Mrs
5,0011; Wioalrod, Mr:. Pow ; jorsphiltP, Miss Tyrer
.ronew, Ways aritl" Mean., and Blue Devils, with
Ton rhumb.

EXCIfF.QUER 1111.1. OFFICE, Jour Et
All Exchequer Bills, dated in the Months of April, May,.
Jere, awl Sale, 1110/,
TO RE P \III OFF.
rrHE LORDS CO\I\IISSIONERS of His
M‘JESTrs THE USURY hisra4 tire" Dircetwas for
raying -.IT the Prinerpor o! Cie a'. iwe mention,/ Ese'serao Bill,,
:etas tot fite-err thereon, at the Esetiepser itill‘liTieu an $4.31,,, •
gore itrret, betree^n the Taro "'mere rardi, Westminster, sir
Weiliecs•toy the 714 Dau August, 1805; .10,v/once keit be
given elate ( and Holidays accord), unti• Frill-1 the
2d of Aorta, role/wive,
,Orens Ten in the Morning
till One is the Aflersioas, far the purpose of vereiriag the
a,ase .404, fin. aseptic:4T Dispatith, the r.. 4 Cr, ail the said Bills
are desired to bring separate List, thereof, rousainiag the [Cumbers
to Numerical Order, according to the Valise .y the our! Bill., and
CoosnielireMeld If Interest, with the principal Saw anit
Interest doe littrasa, eastepiateit from the Dsass en which th• g are
respectively dated, errhasite, to th• said 701 D.. 4. Aug 1,
1805, inrlwice, when the baerese will cease; and their are de-
sired to orate their !Vases io.d Neer, of /bode 0., inch Li.,., and
indorse thei. Names on the sal
anv of the Hidden of the afnr,nid Bills should he desirons
receiv:ug P41101(011 of the Principal and Ls reel, pectins., to
the said 7th Dm o 1 Angiast, they Mau be acroasin dated,
an emanating the Interest to the lAss ars re!ii they rot.h to be
pad, awl leasing the said flitti for Esomisetioa Oat DJ, prior
thereto.
Such Persons as may M eleitin.alktoiN Yew, Esehrower
it "" uPnt WagliMi.ag Al Amer.,' at the Bottoms .1
the., bits, aleaered ois,a• Attire the 54 Dal .tagasst, 1805,
*soy br ICCOM•llAtilird "La Viqh Bit,, rdirryi..ir oN
In
i. rat ail Thi erpenre tiottaemey by the Dal In 'tern Mir Honitied
l'Aiasot, AAP A said Vero dim will hor U, a the 'yr lore Ude
of edaguit, 1805, and will be JelipereS on Friday the 9th Akvtit.
1805, and the !olloieinir Days
All ExchOgaigr /11l dotal vier to A irib, 181)4, have ken
adoertisral to N. Paid 1, and the late es' •he,reve ha I-, ern.

fOREIGN orrxwavice.

•
FROM THE rAsts PAPERS.

ER•NKiroaT, JUNE 29.

Letters from Vienna state, that, on the 15th inst.
the Field Marshal Count Colloved°, as Grand Prior
of the Order of Malta, held a General Chapter in
that city. The first ad of this Assembly has been
to protest anew against the illegitimate occupation
of the island, by the English, in violation of the
Treaty of Amiens, to which the Knights hare de.
Glared to have recourse.

BANKS Or THE seem
The Count Novosiltzoff is recovered from his in-

•
LERMAN SQUARE. THEATRE, LEICESTER PLACE, LEI-
CESTER
rria GENTLEMAN or LADY ho by mis-
pa.d on Saturday Evenina lye a who eoUND
BM: NOTE, instead of a ONE POUND NOTE, may., by
jog the Number, or the mule of any one of the F.:Moment,
,he son,, of Mt Schirmer, the Propnetor. on paying
the "d""tol,,g e ..—July

disposition. He will go immediately to Mentz,
where he v.-al learn the place where he may see the
Emperor of the French.

HANOVLR, iont 30.
The following Letter, addressed to the Executive
ComrnittPe of Hanover, has been published by or-
der of his Excellency the Alarshal of the Empire,
Bernadotte :

Ligaria.
Jut 4 3.
Ma festival given yesterday in the road was tr*i.
commonly brilliant. The sky was serene, the sett
calm, and the crowd of spetlators immense. tiPs
Majesty, on descending from the terrace of his pa;
lace, washed by the sea, entered a vast templ#,
formed by a richly ornamented rotunda, which was
immediately set in motion, and rowed into t 176-
midst of the port with universal acclamations. The
justs which constitute the festivity, villgavly called
La Reel,, instantly began and concluded .vitl thy
day. The temple was then illumined with a onr.
sand tapers, and four fixating islands were connect-
ed with it, it was then surrounded all at once with
a garden embellished with trees, flowers, statues,
and fountait,s. While their Majesties were walking
in this enchanted island, the darkness of the night

„.----------__
STATE LOT rERY FOR 111'.5,
&gins Drawing Monday, 50th September, 1803.
THE TICKETS are Sold, and dividet into
licves, Quarters, E.iglitha, and Sixteenth, by
HAZARD, SURNh, and Cs. Stock Broken',
At their State Lott'ry Other, Nu. 91, under the Royal 131.
Change, Lqll4oll.
/et” rost.paid, duly answered, and Schemes Gratis.
THE SCHEME CONTAINS,
3
$
5
4
6
10
'rhe lowest ?rice dOl.
Sal 101. each for the First-drawn Three Thousand
Erika.
0,0 t... wary Orders, accompanied with ihort.dated on
t.i.i.l .n, Pat MLA Orders, or Cash, in Parcel by C..ami •.,
c•orr, punctu.illy .attendoi to, 2114 orrer.poieleicos rriq de
read mi Wog treated ezictly on theC %tate Tema as 4f per-
vsai,ly preterit.

" Autheett,c reports anrsounte, that the English Govern-
Inent has com:n.stione4 several tkficers of the a -*VIM Han-

r,verian Army to recruit unlawfully for the English Troops.
sever.il usitsuces the routes of tits indlviduals which have
be'•n debauched have been traced, and the peasants who

NEW FlNSblitt AN.) (:.ENTRAL DISPENSARY,
WEST s4I rHflt LI)
A GENERAL LING of titeGOVEIIN(AS
uf .hie CestkßlTY will he ii4d on THURSDAY the
6t,+ of A• oat next to XLi.O rat IPOTHECARY tr this
Dis,wnsAty, u. the room ~1 Mr Wowdliam„ resigned. The
Election will he b.: h Ilut, t the Dilienstry, to commeort at
Elsnan o'Clock in the Forenoon, and close at Thsee n'Clistk
in the Art.:.rn .1 precisely.
Pest-..is ~f filling the situation of Apothecait to this
Chancy to attend at tie D.s.,ei spy on Moods, the 29th
lost. at Eleven o'Cl-ick sat tne foreuent ptee..ely, to declare
their intention of beco.ning Candidates, aod to be examined
by the Me.lical Ciimasitt d.
N B. Me 6nbernor, art requestixt ha observe, thtt ay...cable
to the Rules (Attu' Ch ir.,y, nu cut be admitted to vote
at the said Fletvi,.n wh.. was not a Sumcziner at least six
months previous to the vas of Election.
Chapter-House, St. Pairs, T. SMITH, See.
tOth July. 1110 b

have give,' them lo.lines, an 4 served them M gokles, Wive
been discovered It is my duty, gentlemen, to communi-
cate thia ierJratation to you, in order that you may an.

nouace to the inhabitants of the Electorate, and riga-

cipallj to the Hanoverian Officers, Sub-Otilcers, and &A-
difig, that every indvidual vuspeted of being concerned in

these recruitments will be arrested. I must also Weenie to yna,
that Special Commismons have been formed for the purpose of
ebta,eing information relative to this subjea. Councils of
War will alai be established, to punish with death, conform-
ably to our Law•, all tie accomplices of the Eoelish in these
instances. As it appears that the Agents of the English Go-
vernmeat cannot fulfil thee misainn without being aft imed by
114110114 of rank, mid principally by Maqistratei, or other per.
tons in office, I have iletesmined the punishment whn:lt shall
be ititlictsti on three thus &Tending.

C.u.ckvELLA, iiitcEi.LA.s, tee.
VOREIGN WINES for SALE, at No. 39, Great
1' Castle.streer, Cavrisdish square.—Ftne 0.4 P. tt, at `.1414.
per Armen; Liser.n, Glcaeella, dc. ar 311 s. per dnaen ; de
11.ered free of experv.e, tn large sts-d bottler, to arts left of
boon; and any order over row rumen, 13 ',all Wrath doyen
04-e Isom front Ehnen to Hairiest /our o'clock, Where
Sondes migla be to Any unlets after hours, a Letter
Doi 4 the 4..wr t. r ICCe. ye theta.

give the signal for the fire-works. They were play.
ed off on one side from the Mole, and on the other
from the head of the Jetty. Others were likewise
disehargedlom vessels stationed at intervals at the
entrance of the road. This vast IMe presented mc-
cessively the moat brilliant effeas, but nothing could
be compared to the speThscle of the kerset dis-
charged at one and the same time frosts the Mole,
the jetty, and the light-house, whence thousands of
rockets and bombs were seen at once ascending to-
wards heaven.
After the short in•rrval of encertainty and ex-
peaation, which alwxis Follows !hew spesacles, as
brilliant as they are traneiterif, sill the vessels
which covered the port and those that 111 I ad-
vanced into the road tacked : they then enj yell
magnificent spettacle : the frigates, the brigs,
the mole, the jetty, the whole city, the palaces an/
c )untry seats on the hill, glistening with the most
elegant and variegated illuminations. The blaze
of these lights reflected by the water, and the
vast and beautiful semi-circle line, prevented hr the
port and city of Genoa, illuminated throughout its
whole length ; the multitude of decorated barks.
which covered the waves ; tne melodious sounds of
music, the shouts of joy of a people proud .1 the
name of Frenchmen, all contributed to the embei-
lishment of a night which will never bb forgotten by
tl,e iallabitants of Genoa.

VENISON.—A fin- HAUNCH And Nt.C&
dressed THIS and EVERY DAY, at the Winsader
Coffee House and Hniei, corner of Sivalleie•atreet, o.ford•
strewt, where Gentlemen ma? depend .01 hawing prime VE
SISON at Inc reasoruble charae for dinner of ya 5d ; ready
orecisay at rite &Omit. Venison reedy dressed. Pool.' an
Dilinell Milli (it. OW Wines and Liquors of Oat fina,t
.uur. Good beds and rates' acwained dam for G.lntleinen
and Families.

Tn Tilt 1t1.%1.E SEX UV GENERAL
MOSEN ALT, the Ori*inAl and sole Inventor
of In,: INFALLIBLE SIRUP and COMPOSI nom
for S.AZ R —.Eget) Gentleman that has used them de-
knmeedem t,,eir superiority to every thing of the kind since
treed to undermine them, and eau fluter himself that, from
Royal& to the •iinpie ind.videal, both here arid abroad, bray
have ;only vete!s, d universal appmbetent ; hopes, by the con-
tinued exertion of hit atit ins, to de-serve the recommend. tien
oe commands of his Friends awl the Public, riot only in t, a
tteouall.d Artide, out in a VERY CHOICE VARIETY
of PERFUMERY, both in what he prepared here and Imparts
feml Ahmed: vs. Genuine Flaple• Seep, Om /Mt SA*, ina
ri no, and Forte Wash Palls, AVliolesale, Retail, and
for Exvonatton, at No 40, Wigmore-street, Cave/nibs!,
eqe:re.
And m above, the best and most fragrant Lavender Water,
11. e tare and Keney Darn, Esprit des Ros:s, Vinaiev:
Unique, for mai, after shaving, Forele romatums of a sat
'vote preparation, and most exquisite Perfume. Scented
Oil.. ire. dc.

" Every person in office, or Magistrate, who shall tolerete
in his District Foreigners, or other persons who recruit err
hauch the Soldiers, shah be arrested, imprisoned, and sent out
of the Canonry. Frory inhabitant of the Electorate, whatever
may be his rank, wise shai be tutpect d of taking any pan,
either directly ter indirectly, in such reevii.iments, shall be de-
livered over toe Militaty Conatoissien, and punished according
to the Frencls LBWS:
"1 eharga yes, Gentlemen, to conanuanirste 0.4 Lotto.- to
' the darveut Authorities of the Ci.usitiv, cs of ler that those
whom it concerns may be informed of it. These measures must
prove to you, that I rathzr wish to invent crimes, than to
punish them."
13 tw, .11;WL

Licur FASHIC)NABLE CARRIAGES fin
SALE nt LESLIE'S Coach and lla.nenit Mande:lois,
Nu. S. New Caventhsh Street, Po:Aland Place. A Handsaw
new Landaulisy with rising 'kat :Aid bottom, paiiitsll visitor,
lined blue, Monistico an sobs, silk lace, Ac —A %airy encelleto
Awasinst-hand landankt high!, finiohed sere Lint ,pew
eltlttnt, with fashionable Eamoch rn fern', Melly hnii./ted so
to. oilier of a Gentle Light New r.,4t Chanut with
or orahoot Bar•oic'i seat.—A very good see.ind naiad Post Cha-
riot and a Light Sociable.
Th awweCarriagesare ready for imrned tee use, will be war
ranted by the Builder, and sold on cony advanutsuus terms to
Potehooeri.

111111.1Sti wiNe s, 11.,1111.E0 PORTER, CYDER,
PERRY, SPRUCE BEER, c.
NVwiLrox, ManufaEturer of British Wines,
• Sce No. 41, Deau-str Soho, corner of Old Como.
tonsireet, respectfully idorms he Froth and the Public, th.rt
he his new on SJ le a large and choice As.ortmetst of the above
Articles, in the highest state of ..erfecti.m. Tue Wines will
be found much superior to what are generally sold by other
Dealers, who are mere nominal makers. Prices for ready
Rena 11. to 11. Ss. per doson of 13 bottles—Warted
Porto?, 7..itot dosen..Rrewn Strolt,ll6. per doom—Prpoin a, d
enckatee Cyder. 10... per down— squish P-rry, 15.. per doyen
...cornet 11..ee, in pints, 3a. per du:en...Ditto, in quarts, 66.
per 002 .11.
0,11 is
.ier dolt carefully attended to, and sent, free of ex-
p. nee, is any part of the town or its eternity.

The visit of the Chamberlain, M. Novosiltroff,
has produced here a most agreeable sensation. In
all the distinguished circles of this capital, every one
cbtrues himself in participating the sentiments of
the Court, with regard to France and its glorious

1

LADIES AND GENTLEM IF N.
THOMAS And Co. lament that the limits of an
Atter! N•111CIA present their entering into detail of the
Articles their house has justly obtain...l a pre nce in ; but
d nit:oleo there must be a few Fashinnalalos in tun Lrge tue
Unpin to whom Mrs felt w unknolos, and to whom they re-
spectfully mak.• known that thee arc real makers, and eaten-
eye dealers, both wholesale and retail, of S fit AW,
sad LE'•HOIIN 11/CIS; T. and Ca. solicit .ittention t. the
famine quality of the foregoing artnale.i, all articles usually
kqt b. Habeidasher., iniludirig elegant, neat, arid fashion-
able Minlins, superb and hew SI I.IWLS of the first device,
esker, ng, and fabric ; those of thu British manuhttur r are ad-
■ittrd by connoisseurs, to excel the India. Ladies wanting
erreo or hu,e, wil: find thin worth their attention. Mrs.
THOMAS', th.er extensive Sio-re Sonora are amid:, illppiirtl
with MILLINXET, DRESSES, Cl.l ►AKS, SPEN"E:tS,
SUMMER pEus.,Es. SUS'I'•I F R fIfOtITS for TX AV EL-
LING, Ike &c. In her usual taste ; all the above branches ire
highly descrying the atrentinn of those female fa.liion lit* who
way warn an immediate and extensive supply ; or r6•ntletnen
who have Lahti' cortimisaions, every article of the tret
READY MONEY, both braving and selling, and th+•
clurge accannugly. West end runner, Chancery-la .e, near
Temple Sar.

Monarch, and it is in this resped that every one con-
gratulates himself on seeing refuted, by so marked a
fail, the reports spread by England, relative to the
pretended alliance with the Emperor of Russia.—
M. De Novosiltioff has declared, at far as is con-
sistent with the gravity of his ministry, that the
sole ohjett of the mission with which he was charged,
was to establish in the eyes of Europe the spirit of
justice and moderation, with which his Sovereign
was animated. In comparing this declaration with
the noble and affeding letter of the Emperor Napo-
leon to the King of England, it is easy to perceive
who wishes for peace and who wishes for war.—
Two or three little English emissaries, very obscure,
have attached themselves to the steps of the Russian
Envoy to read his eyes and implore his regard. We
cannot help smiling at seeing British arrogance re-
duced
to the curvet.—(Le Clef de (Ames.)
GENOA, JUNE tl.
His Eacelleacy M. the Baron de Giusti has taken
leave in the usual form, and is ready to set out.—
His mission, in quality of Minister Plenipotentiary
and Envoy Extraordinary of His Majesty the Em-
peror of Germany and Austria, being terminated,
the escutcheon of his sovereign is taken down tram
his hotel.

PRIR ADRUIS.ARY BARGAIN IN LINEN-DR A PERY.
LADIES who are making large Purchases pre-
•i•us to their leaving 'tine% will find great Advantage
in calling at SAMUEL DRAPER and Co.'s, at the Golden
Ilion. No. 54, Osfori-street, the but Come. nf Reniers%
street, where there are to be seen 153 beautiful satin-worked
iniallins only 12s. Grl. the drew; 100 fine India mulls, at 11s.
pet piece, seffitient for three full dresses ; 75 centime muslin;,
at 2.5. per yard ; 90 Lidia corded and checked muslin. at 2s. 9d.
awl 3s. pee Total; I .)0 fine India j.ccoitints, for cravat., St. p. r
squire; 145 long cloths, fie gent Cfravlei th 4,11, •t 4 guineas;
500 piec,s Wide India calico, only If per yard; 300 parr
110 •.0-mule sheets, for 'eremite' use, at 15s. per pair ; 1,000
.seit comm towels, at 18s. per down ; :;50 Assets De ea hand-
kerchief., at l gninea.
N. R. A fim ,eal Indian square shawls, from S to 12 guineas,
with about 503 he'll mere ditto, • very great bargain, which
are thought by many Ladies to m yaw the India; with &num-
ber of ether cheap articles, tow numerous Se mention.
•.• This Aerie Cheap Warehouse MI No. 14; and has the
Gulden Lion (MT the door.
- -

Tile temple in which their Nlajesties had witre,s-
cd this magnificent speßacle was again navigat .1 to
the terrace of the Palace, amidst the acclamations
which resaur.ded from the sea and the shore. As
eleven their Majesties repaired to the Palai.e of the
Ea-Doge Dursszo. ',here they were present at a
concert, which was succeeded by a ball.
JOEY 4.

BY HIS MAJESTY'S I.EI'TERS PATENT.
IlitrE SOFT SOAP—Naublins anJ Linens
me preserved by its 12110, and a third of the L.iboui
and E.panc.• of a Wash saved. The following extramMuary
proorrtim also characterise this suai.—vis. it makes Enghsh
tnutilll•Ar Inainitully white to the last ; it restores Site colour
of hem, and !intro', injured by bed washing or other-
wise; it cleat those spinets usually call:d fast ones, and
those sot cinsidrred as such are scarcely perceived to lose any
t%ing of then strength--:t is excellent for black !are, stock
ior, and washes nearly 'swell with said as with
"it water; a 'ekes paint, grease, And oil, out •f 8..0r5, It.
non, be and it makes the route-it clothes pats with that
dirt, 11111V1 soaked, with half the reheating.
N R. For Isleecher., scuaerers, and manufacturers, it is tan.
Sold Sy the White Soft Soap Company, No 31, Kill-
'iet Cove.tt-Garien ; and in Ilse different parts of Loodon
and orders supplied in all ports of
the Simeon'.

Their Majesties the Emperor and F.mpress con-
descended to be present yesterday at a festival given
by the city of Genoa in the former Ducal Palace.
The presence of their Majesties in this superb -21 are.
the kindness And affability with wi-ich they spoke to
every one, gave to this festivity a very affetiting elia-
ra/ter. In hearing and seeing onr Sovereigns, every
heart congratulated itself on onr new destiny. The
concert was succeede by a ball; and their Majesties
did not retire till they had seen several centre.
dances. They retired to their Palace about mid-
night. Their way was illuminated with large was
torches, and a multitude of people were assembled,
happy. if even at that late hour they could catch
a glimpse of our monarch.
rut tr 5.
His Majesty the Emperor and King this day went
in grand peocession to the metropolitan church. He
was received at the entrance by the Cardinal Arch-
bishop, and by the Bishops of the State of Genoa,
with the usual ceremonies. His Majesty bring
placed on his throne, having on his right his Serene
Highness the Archareasurer of the Empire, and
being surrounded by his Minister and great Officers.
Ts Dfltol was channted. Immediately afterwards,
and in consequence of the order which was trans-
mitted to him by the Grand Magee of iMo Carasa•-

FISHERWICK PARK, AMR ESTATti.
F HE PUBLIC are respealtilly informed that
A these very valuable ES FACES, situate near Litchfield,
in the Cninty of Stafford, will ba cold BY cm VATE CON-
TRACT, in Lets.
The Siii.ere Mansion-House, an I Offices, with the Park,
Plantation., Lakes, Pleasure Grounds, and Gardens, together
with the Manure of Fishy. wick, Horton, Comberford, Wig-
ginton, and one-third of the Manor of Peekmgtan, awl the
Fisheries in Cie Kiser Tame; and alio the Elftird and Cem-
berford Mills, the Stitbby. Lis, and Hednnore Farrost with
the Farming Buildings, and Parld,relts, Demesne, Lank BS
every other requisite aSirding irsiortence and mesh* bathe
Promietor of this magnificent Establishmeet, will be cespre.
hendad iu one Lot.
'The llopwas Hayes Wood, with the Timber, Teem, and
Underwood, growing thereon, together with the Lodge-house
and Offsces, and the small Tenement, Lend, and Premiere, in
the tenure ut Clewley, adjoining thereto, will be aona•
paned in another Lot.
The Hill Farms, Hudillesford, Whiniegton, and the small
d -taebed Estates, will be mid separately in Lott.
To treat by Private Conine/ for the purchase of the tate,
either a, an Entirety, or in Lott, apply to James,E Land
Agent, No. 14, Carey•atreet, London, or at
Wellsbosn near Stratford on Avon —Particular and Specifi-
vintio, of the whol Pmpar a. also Tickets of Aihnievios o
ew the M.,witan-e Hoisse and Estates, mar be had at Mrt.
Jamee's Offices; male° at the Ottiees of Mr. Sateen, Eine
stre.r, Mainhester ; Mr. Hinkley, L.tcbfield a Mr. Bedford,
Birmingham ; Messrs. Collins awl Beene, Magian/ ; at Messrs.
a (wino. Cooke, and Frera's, Lincoln's-inn; and Kim Stabs
and W biti s, rieseneueeta Steal, Leaden.

JUMZ 29.

riIHE WELL KNOWN NEWHAM, since bis
anal in Landon, has been doing good among the
sates& ota and who despaired of meeting with relief.
lfe 1.4 s restored fight, without any aopiicatioll to thee' es ;
cued a.id rtdiev.Nl mod other di. asu without medicine, use
air instriment, t-.'stet or diet, or hindrance of business.
Gentirai.rii and Lidles of great rev... Stability here nut been
presented tom searching .iito the truth of his singular ohm for
;inn; disease* that had hafili.l medical and *urgent art. They
Isere aiumi•inel at Ins sneers., end at his method, and sod
they believed ne ether pereiii could erarlicAte th. cause of
suth NEWIIAM declares, if there is any person hr
London that pretends to be mater id Ira mode o 1 treating
d'aetws, he will curse forward to prove it so W 4,6111011. it if
a duty he n wes to hie God and his country,to give the Poor •
cluiscir to him u well as to die, And not to Lome* upon them,
and to give the Public • fair op;iortusilto ,if knowing hes shill
almen at bit own cm. rate, and 'ny' tn, aiditned Rich will
came e forward at welt as the POW' to give 10.'1 a far trowl
,^4li^et deterring it, he will oat accept of any 0...4. but hie
tat ter eltanwout,on, which Is tree hinnies T.l .4 fee to be
paid at his house, No 4, S. J.ates'a Walk, CI, kentlea.
person, in low circustiniukes will be considered.

The crew of a Genoese vessel, which fell some
months ago into the bands of the Barbary powers,
has been released through the good offices of the
French Commissary for Foreign ikfairs, resident at
Tunis. This first benefit derived from the protec-
tion of his Majesty the Emperor ant King, will be
certainly followed by the deliverance of all the Li-
gariaos, who have long groaned in slavery. This
is one of the first and most precious advantages re-
sulting from our union with the Trensh Empire.
JULT 2.
His Majesty the Emperor and King was yester.
day engaged in business the whole day with his Se-
nse Highness lbs Arch-Tmasomr. and those of


_
