—the spoliation awl humiliation of the elevated classes--the gross
insults, both in words and deeds, directed against the majesty of my
person and all the Royal Family—the usurpation, sometime', sue-
reptitious, sometimes violent, of my legitimate authtwity—and,
lastly, the MITIdaiMIS degrada:ion of the holy religion of Jesus
Christ, barbarously insulted and persecuted in the persons of its
ministers—left no doubt, even to the least clear-sighted, that, in the
dark inwhinatitms of the secret societies, Spain was irrevocably
condemned to cease to be a monarchy.
" The revolutions of Naples, Turin, and Lisbon, contrived one
after the other, by the same means, and on the same principles,
completed the conviction of the Sovereigns that no throne amid be
in safety without cutting off at once all the heads of the Ilydra
which threatened to devour the universe, Such was the object,
equally noble and important, of their frequent meetings. Vet.
tainly, but for the resolutions which, for the salvation of the hu-
man race, prevailed in the Congresses of Laybai h and Verona, a
great part of civilised Europe, deluged in its blood, would now be
the prey of ignorant and presumptuous refiwnis.
" A single effort of the powerful Emperor of Austria sufficed to
put an end, in a few days, to the troubles of Naples and Piedmont.
A similar effort of the Most Cl *. 'an King sufficed, in like man-
ner, to make the edifice of the Constitution throughout thc Penin-
sula fall to ruins on its authors. Emboldened by the presence of
my well-beloved cousin, the Duke of A ligouleme, and his valiant
anny, the immense majority of my subjects hastened to overthrow
the trophies which stupidity had erected to Revolt, and to re.esta-
bliah the ancient institutions which h.ul made the happiness of
their fathers. Conducted by Victory, the Son of France flies to the
►anks of the fluadelete; he attacks--he carries the 'Frocsidero—be
fills my oppressors with terror, and, at length, I and my faultily
are free. Olory he to Ord !
" In the midst of the griefs with which my heart is affected at
the sight of the condition to which three years of suffering have
reduced my kingdoms, I have seen with satisfaction that my Se.
preme Co uecil of the Indies, moved by its constant teal for the gout
of my service, was raw r to propose to me, by its deliberation of the
30th October, the immures which appeared to it the most proper
to alleviate the evils caused by the revolutions of the Peninsula in
that part of nay possessions.. Adopting the opinion of the said
Council, I ordain as follows:
" I. In all my dominions in America a solemn Te Ikstn shall
be celebrated, in gratitude to the Almighty for the blessing which,
in his infinite mercy, he has granted to the whole nation, in pre-
serving me and all my Royal Family safe and unharmed, amidst
such great and continual danger.
" 2. The Political Constitution of the Spanish Monarchy is for
ever abolished in my said dominions in America. Their liovers-
ments arc re-established conformably to the laws and ordinances
canting before the 7th of March, 181*.
" 3. 'fin Political Chiefs, the Provincial Deputations, the Con-
autumnal Municipalities, their Secretaries, Officers, and Ilepen-
dents, shall immediately rase their functions.
" .1. The newly-established Courts of Justice shall also cease
their functions.
" 5. The Militia created by the Cortes, under the name of
" national," shall be inimmliately dissolved. The individuals com-
posing it shall give up their arms and equipments before they re-
turn to their homes.
•• 8. The suppressed communities shell return to their convenes,
and be reinstated in all their possessions, comprehending all those
which have been alienated in any manner whatever.
" 7. I confirm the favours and employments which may have
b.•em granted during the Constitutional tiovemment, in my pos-,
sessions in America ; provided. however, that they arc not de-
rived from the Constitution, that tiny are not of new creation, and
that those who have obtained them have not rendered themselves
unworthy of them by their conduct.
" 8. With the exception of what is determined by the pre-
ceding article, every office which may become vacant by the dis-
charge or unjust removal of him who held it, shall be restored to
him, if he desires it, with the exception of him who shall hare
been put in his place. In consequence, I order my Viceroys,
Courts of Justice, Captains-limn-al, fiovemors, and Intendants,
and I charge the most Reverend Archbishops and Bishops, Deans
and Chapters, of the metropolitan churches and cathedrals of my
kingdoms u. the Indies, of the adjacent Islands, and of the
Philippines, to fulfil anal cause to be executed, each as far as he
is concerned, my Royal will, such as it is here above expressed."
" Done at the Palace, the -- of December,
The King, oar I.llUttf, desiring to recompense the services and
the fidelity of the Minister de Cum y Errata, Von Lopes d'Alda-
zaz, and the Intendants of the Army, D. Ant. Gongora and D.
Joachim y Sans, has, by a decree signed by his hand, nominated
them Directon-General of the Revenues of the Kingdom.
Father Conlon, Provincial of the Jesuits in Spain, had com-
manded all the priests of the order to celebrate muses, in gratitude
for the happy deliverance of the King of Spain ; and all those of
the society who are not priests to offer up prayers. The Nth of
May and the Ist of November arc fur ever happy days in the
annals of the society.

It is with a feeling of pride and pleasure that we behold
Lord Byron giving all the aid of his presence, his purse,
anti his influence, to the cause of the Ilreaks. His extra-
ordinary mind it. commensurate with the great objects be-
fore it, and is fitted to give due weight to all the councils
which prem.' front it. His views perfectly coincide on
this subject with those of his Majesty's present Govern-
ment ; 810 he is actively engaged in giving effect to objects
of high political importance, and which we trust will
eventually be• attended with complete success. It was the
shameful bowls to which they had fur centuries been sub-
jected by the Turks, that at length roused the Greek po-
pulation to rescue themselves from the reproach which
their slavery had brought upon them ; and to counte-
, stance and give aid to such a cause, front the beginning,
was worthy of a British people. It is worthy of us to
assist in upe • g the Temple of Freedom to a people
who had been so lung and so barbarously driven back
front its gates. 'rite Holy Allies frown upon the enter-
prise ; but their measure of infamy is fall, and they dare
not openly arm in opposition. They feel, that to introduce
into their near neighbourhood not the language only, but,
the practical spirit of freedom, is to lay the axe to the root
of their power. A Constitutional Greek empire rising up
by their skle is, to them, as much an object of dread and
hatred as a Constitutional kingdom in Spain or in Italy ;
but they cannot overcome the obstacles which stand in the
way of their putting it down. The triumph of the Greeks
serves to give a steady direction to the popular mind, in
ether countries, and to show that a struggle with tyrannic
utOtt may be litaintaitted with success, when the genuine
energy of freedom is once fairly roused. This it is that
alarms the pious potentates who have so devoutly
taken Christianity under their care, and clubbed the,
strength of their sceptres to put down all resistance
to legitimate despotism. The late Foreign Secretary
woukl, we know, have taken his full share of this sort
of glory, and was well prepared, backed, as be had
taken good care to be, by a strong standing army, to have
grappled by the *lie of these worthy Monarchs, to quell
the rising spirit of liberty in Europe. His successor is, we
are sure,a much better man, and a much more enlightened
S;stesman : Canning has, moreover, the valuable lesson
of recent events before him ; he is the member of a
Cabinet, which, from such events, must have learnt wis-
dom: they must, ere this, have 'wen taught, that to take
part, however indirectly, with the Allied Sovereigns—to
,act on their polluted 11111M11111, or in the spirit of their holy
league, would be the worst possible policy, both as it
affected the interests of our domestic and foreign commerce,
and the security of all those soirees of national greatness
which make us what we are. Mr.('a►ning must, by this
tune, be well aware that the hest political relationship,
and that which weaves itself twat closely about the heart,,
is that which is bound up with the interests, and honour,'
and character, and prosperity of the nation—that all.
sympathies with foreign despotism are extraneous and Ulh,
natural ; he cannot with safety take partnership in staib:
commis.- Events tiara taught this truth;—al thatch
