NAVAL INTaLLOJENCR.

PLVMOVTII, AVlBetr 9.
Arrived the Soden, Wadden, and Feb:, Kr•stp, frusta
Viestaiwg.
Railed she Perseverance and Glory, Pounder, both foe
thsebec; and the Lapwing and Greyhound callers oa •
truing. Avouve 10.

Arrived the Prerriev,ranee, Brawn, Rom London to Sierra
Prose; Ansa mid Amelia, Short, of sad fur Caleetta, from
I rodon.
Sailed the Eden, CoultharJ, for Petcraburgh.
TALMOUTN, •UYUY! 9.
Ariivell Ilia Surprise, Lormoa, from Neweasile for
Obeettar ; sex parker from America, sailed frets New York
Illar /Ay. sad fleeter Wilifax the 19th; Prisms Elisabeth
pother from the Istseds, sailed from St. Themas's 7th lull;
lady Arabella packet (rum lAA," sailed 29th July; sad
the Tuscan, Stevens, from Pottier Edssrd'a
•UGUST 10.
•
Sailed the Doke of York packet for the Mcdaterramean,
sad the Duke of Marlborough packet for Llama.
• Dove. •usorr 11

Pat•ed by the brit Ann, Hutchinson, frorn Demerara,
Norma to I.ositron, spoke in lA. 32. 23. North, and long.
55 17. on the 3011 /our, the brig Anti, of and frum Lemloa
bound to Bermuda.

DIAL, AVOUTS 10.
Arri►ed and retrain the Di►patetr, Findley, frees Cephalo-
hisa Mae, sad sailed for the Ri►er, the Kinwell, Armetroeg,
fees the Cape of Good Hope.
.Crane down born the River and rewash& with the rest the
Agamemnon, Richards, for Wiraoie►i ; and the Caledo-
nia, Weeders, fur Tenerife.

•000/T 11.

Sailed abort seven am. for the River the Hon. East India
Company's ship Waterloo, Allister, from China ; sad the
whole of the outward bound for their different destinations.
Arrived sad sailed for the River the Aurora, Pearson, and
Imriss, for The West ladles.
Came down from the River sod remain the Unity, Mortis,
for Newfosadlood.

TSB FoBBB.—Tbe market opened last-morning
whit tamer confident expectation of a rise: Consols
were dose it 80f' buyers for the Account, and
4101 buyers for, money; _Reduced, 8111; 4 per
Cents. 99# ; New 4 per Cents. 9921 ; Long An-
nuities, 21 1.16; Ind a Bonds, 63 pr. ; Exchequer
* .7 pr. The market was, however, sud-
deal, thrown into a pseic by the report of the
madden death of the Marquis of LownoNninax.
This news had ill intmedinte effect on the Finds,
cud Consuls were dune at soil.
On the 81st of June fast, in small commune of
Calabria, a man named BRUZZANITI. died at the
urge of 114. in the preceding February, another
individual died in the same place, who war 112 years
old.—( French Paper.)
- Au atrocemas attempt at murder was made on a

poor Man, who was needling finis Ssodypark to
South Zeal, in this county, on Taadayeria'ailight,
• by a desperate-looking ft How, see•mpa•ied by a
women, a boy, end a girl; after a violent struggle
kw succeeded in obtaining from the poor man three
halfpence. two razors, arid a shaving-box. They
• then cat his throat with a large knife, end inflicted
• deep wound in his leg, leasing him for dead. A
bend-bill has been publiohed. describing the men
as •' a tall rough-looking man, with • lung beard ;
wore a reddisie-coluured jacket, and dark sail can-
vass trousers, the jacket buttoned tight round, with
• dark view bat. The woman wore a long grey
%cloak; and a straw hat. and appears about 60 years
of age. The girl appears abase 17 or 18 years of
age. The boy wore • long dark-coloured cod,
sad appears about Id years old. They were Deem
ea the same evening ii, the neighbourhood of More-
tophamste•d, and are suypnsed to belong to a party
ar Gipsies."—(Plyestrolh Prgasc.)

'PUBLIC MELTING AT RIMNIMIGiI
1N BNIIALP OF THE GREEKS.

. •.e,
This meeting was held in the Illettants' ball
nn Wednesday last, end was important alike in
'lumbers and reseectability.
On the motion of ,loan Ctlustlecitame,'E•q:
Advocate, Sratuitir Moursk rH, Esq. or Clue-
burn, was called to the Chair.
Dr. 111•Citts (the Author of the tieei of Knox
anti then rose to mnve the lteiulutious,
and was received by the assembly with cheer*. lie
apologised br taking sn leading a pail In the bu-
siness of the meeting, but he thought he would not
be considered as disposed to obtrude unnecessarily
on public notice, a hen he stated, that, during p
residence of 26 years in this city, the pklirteiit wise
only the third time that he had addressed a pulite
meeting. ltere was al oays u 4officiew nuniber of
benevolent persons in a city like this to epOltiet
the proceedings of its charitable inetitetioos, ao
that a perm% of etudioui anti 'engaged is
literary pursuits which timid not be interrupted
without being throne hick? slight ik it.v44,44-6.0
coming forward on ordinary ieclisitnli. 'BIM there
were other cases which, besides the itittartence nod.
urgency of the object, Were attended with cirgiasse..
stances that might °write in deterring seiiity per-
sons of benevolent mends bora le login them before
the public ; and whenever such cases nccbrted, he
considered' it his duty, if not to volunteer his ser-
vices, yet to accede to the request of thuite. who
thought he could he 'ofThany amp iii promoting
them. Therefore, in calling' 'their 'attention to
the present condition of 'the Greeks,he appeared
here u the willing, though weak advocate of
the cause of that people. Indeed the NIA Imposed
upon him was not a difficult one. What was he
expected tb do ? Was be required to harrow Op
their hearts with reciting the heavy catalogue of
Turkish barberitiee—of whole dioriets laid yule
and depopulated—the male inhabitants consigned
to a cruel death, and the women and children torn
away by ruffians ? H. Cm sure that all that could
be wanted was, that the people of Edinburgh Arvid
be made acquainted with the way in which their kid
could be rendered effectual. Was it expecteifibit
he should excite those recollections which were eon-
nected with the name of the people who were chinn-
ing their sympathy ? It could not be necessary:
for what man that had a spat k of putsintism is
breast, or that bad any taste for liberal knovsiodge,
did isot feel himself concerned in every thing
related to the Greeks ? He had been early.in-
itiated iuto their language, and had been taught to
relish the beauties of imagination, and to contem-
plate the sublimities of sentiment which every
where abound in their writings. Though inatortr
age, and the principle, which he hod also early de-
rived front other writings, which in his eateem were
" Above all Greek—above all Romeo fame ;"
•
though these had corrected his early iropression's,
yet they had not weakened their general Nice; and
he was not ashamed to say, that the pronouncing of
the name of Greece still occasioned in him a mixed
emotion of veneration awl ?Might ; for it brought
to his mind the sayings sod the exploits of her
heroes, her asses, her fieenten and patriots, by
whom her utast bad been consecrated in history,
and the aplendour of which had .eveu survived- a
bleak and .barren mime of diarltsome centuries.
Thy would not suspect lois of nntixes. He did
not suppose that the &Aug, which he uttenipted
to express were peculiar to himself; he melon to ex-
press what were the feishassofemey genuine scholar.
lie had transferred whet he had spoken from the
gentlemen present to himself', first there should be a
single individual who hod crept into that room as if
it had been an uithiwful conventicle, and wished to
offer upon the altar of charity that gift which con-
science or compassion extorted from him, while be was
ashamed of the name and lineage of that amble peo.
ple whom he wet hOnoured in relieving. tie did
not wish to underrate the diseeverito and improve-
ments of modern times; but be coati trace them
all to the revival of literature in the fifteenth cen-
tury, which opened to Europe the intellectual
riches of the Greeks. Nay, more ; for this revive!
we were mainly indebted to the agency and activity
of the Greeks themselves—he meant the modern
Greek., whose character had been so lightly
of by many. He could not refrain here from say-
ing, although it was a digression from the subject,
that he had always klt hurt at the meet, of the ele-
gant, though not always impartial historian of the
Decline sad Fail of the Ruses Empire, when
speaking of the modern Greeks • end the toe evi-
dent pleasure with which he selected: every fact and
circumstance which was calculated to degrade their
character, at the time when they were subjugated
by the Turk., even thouglehe professed to do this
by way of contrasting them with their ancestors.
Through the medium of history. they were now en-
abled to take that retrospective view into the first
dawning of literature and science on the west of
Europe, and to trace it directly to Greece. It was
a Greek monk who had communicated his native
langtiage to Petrarch ; abed the pupil of that monk
instructed Boccaccio, and furnished hint with a
translation of Homer. It was to Greeks that we
-were indebted for the principal remains of ancient
literature, which, during the Gothic ages, had been
locked op ii Constantinople and other places in the
East. The taking of Constantinople. alit) cointe- •
quent dispersion of the Greek literati who had been
sheltered there, had placed those treasures oothe
common table of Europe; thus we had become
possessed of the sacred original of the Old Testa-
ment,
the venerable trunslitton of it into the Greek
language, the original of the New Tutanient. end
the writings of the Chemist) Fathers, along with all
the classic stores of Greece. This srausfetence
implied a charge, that wheneier 'nippier star
should rise on Greece, and she ilaould eilsibit
symptoms of revivisceuee, we should rejiay the ebb.
gation under which we veto laid, by an indication
of sympathy in her cause. He could not hire '
avoid expreasiog surprise and regret at the apathy
which scholars nod litrfati had displayed en this sub- •
jest. The mere scholar and literates, indeed, often.
became ouly the eautioesand prudent politician. He
did not mean to cast a summary and iudiecriminate
censure on all who had not attended that iseesiug.
The best friends to a cause often eaterisined
eat opinions as to the most efficacious means of pro-
moting it. What he lamented was the gement in.
difference which load been testiasd of the subject.
NA ilia almost taisi alone of those Wows apnoeas

ieet2 have the greatest iuiluence en the public
min There was a time when Grecian literature
'OS o.efined to a very small but trusty baud, who
Ate. rithly imbued with the spirit of Chrisdan
tibirankhropy sal patriotism—sdro did sot sink the
ehamette of, the man and the citizen in that of she
scholar: but who deeetekl tbentlelves to the good of
munkind, and were always ready to lift their voice,
and even theirs arm, should it be ascessary. in the
cause of buninnity,atia'Orcivil'ind religious liberty.
They, however% had •pessied sotto, and had given
place to another race, ',lions he would. not charac-
terise. There.was; however; one itteubtogierwrifts
and that not a stein oais.; the treasures tehich
clan literature contained were no hinge, the txclu-
sive propirly of • sierticalsr caste; they had, by
means of translations, been herd open to tht world
at large. The works of 'the celebrated bard,
whom residenew-hint-.insmortolised that 'island
which .had 'beets-the theatre of Tarkiali
licentiousness. together with the writings of the
most illustrious of his countrymen. had long been
iu the 'Possessien Of the British public, who admire
their genius and imbibe their spirit. He would not
b ouspectial of wishing to disparage the knowledge
of the origival langoages of those- writers. of deny-
lug its advantages for the perception of many of
the niefr beauties of style and composition ; neither,
on the oilier hand, could he conceal, that in • good
translation the English reader possessed all iii these
writingeihid was grand in point of couceptionoind
elevating in point of sentimelit. All classes, in this
mime!, stood now upon something like sooting
of rapidity ; therefore, scholars and !kept' might
steed aloof, but others would cease forward end 611
tip their place : and if they should ottempt to e:-
cure their conduct by exclaiming, " Odi prefasam
et4rtis el areeo ;" he would only reply to the proud
excuse, in another Latin sentence, " Surreal in-
tittle, of rerpiemt ectlita."
A gentleman who hod travelled through Greece,
and was well acquainted with the manners of its
inhabitants, would, he understood. address the
meeting, and refute, to their satisfaction, the
ca-
lumpier that had been circulated against the pre-
'sent race of Greeks. It had been said that they
were deteriorated, and certain sett of retaliation
'which they were said to have committed on the
'.
Tarim; had been alluded to in proof of the reser-
. don ; but, to show that under the first impulses of
indignation. it was possible for the bravest and
the best bf Greeks to commit very unwarrantable
seas, be would just advert to the treatment which
Elie two heralds of Darius received from the Athe-
nians and Licedemonians, when they' demanded
eirthesid water from them as a mark of submission
to their master. They flung one into a well, and
the other into a pit, and with the vivacity peculiar
to the Greeks, told them to take thence us much
earth rind hater as they pleased. Yet this unjusti-
fiable inthiction of the law of nations-took place at
a time when Miltiades, Thimistoeles. and he who
. had obtained from hie countrymen the name of the
Just. presided over the affairs of Athens ; it was
committed by the men who achieved the memo!-
' able victories at Marathon and at Salamis; and it
was followed by the deed of that firm and tearless
band, who, after raising their native Lacedemigi to
the highest pinnacle of her glory. awed the liberties
of all Greece. ty blocking up with their dead bodies
the Straits of7Tiretosopylie: Those who embarked
in this cause might lay their account with miscon-
structions of their motives. This wait unavoidable
.. from the nature of the cause, and from the present
state of public opinion mid parties. From what had
taken place oo former occasions, it was not impro-
bable that tbeir vetiiity. would be imputed to poll-
tied motives, and a restless or factious desire to
patronise and encourage thilse who resist constituted
authorities. There were general politics and party
politics. General poling he understood to compre-
hend the good of mankind, end formed a branch of
morality which grew out of religion. This was no
question of party politica, nor did he propose that
this meeting should take it up at ull ins political
light. He did not Wish to conceal-the would do vio-
lence to the strongest feelings of his heart if he did
conceal, that he sympaihieed deeply in the strug-
gle which the Greeks were now making to throw
off the yoke of Ottoman despotism, and to regain
their long.lost liberty 'lad independence as a dia-
. tinct people. Were that here to whom he had al-
ready alluded-s-were Arietittes now to rise from the
grave—he could imagine what he Would say to the
modern Greeks:—" 0 fallep 1 greatly fallen from
the glorious character of year-ancestors! But yet
your attempt to throw of the yoke of ruthless der.
potion' redeems youiwuteme measure from your de-
gradation ; and,-if you. are
.overcome, I. would
rather live in cii4na with you, thani live fore with
the nation who lOoked uu your effects with cold un-
concern."—(Cherts.)—lt wee lila fervent wish that
they might be succeed's!. Thissiniwever, was only
his individual aspiration; to which-no other person
present was pledged. They had not met to peti-
tion the Parliament, or his Nlajg:sty's Goverment,
to interfere cud decide the dreadful contest;
though if it hid been *tight advisable to uddress the
King during, his presence in our rity, respectfully
iinidotiog him to charge iii. Representitive seCon-
stantinople • I/retro against tlptt barbarous con.
duct of theTurks' which had so lacerated the' feels
logs of other nations ; if sea an Address had been
agreed upon, he should have seen no twilit in that ;
and he thought none of those distingniihed Persons
by whom his Majesty will be surrounded wheo' he
arrivrs would have ventured to step betweeb the
Throne and the people to intercept such sitavowal
of their wishes, or to counteract its constitutional
influence.—(Loud cheers.)—But it was not prapered
to make any` declaration nt favoitt,Of,theil.,Vatioual
claims, or to assist them iu their warlike efforts.—
All that was proposed' was, to disefrieffte'l duty of
charity to the necessitous—to pelform a work of
mercy to the wretched. The Reverend Doctor
concluded, amid loud cheer', by moving the fol-
lowing Resolutions with which he had bees
trusted ; •• • '••

" That the name and history of the Greeks are ainseistietil
with reeolleelioos of the meet sacred waste, and recite is .
Ow breast of the scholar, the patriot, sod the Christie*, a
sleep and lively interest is the fate of that CUM illustrious
but lung-oppressed sod degraded people.
"That this meeting has heard, with the utmost coucera
end distress, of the oast.' enmities which, as appears front
the maul credible docommets, have Ives inflicted es the
Greats denim the struggle which they have maistained for
maw lime with the Oi imams Power, sad especially in the re.
mat tramomions within the island of Scat, where . a 'great
part of tie inhabitant*, while Conducting themselves pewee.
sh and swbeakelerty, were weaseacred la cold blood by

Terko,•aad the remaindet Worn jot* captivity, or obliged
to seek for 'safety by lying to forriju *horn with the 14a• of
all their property.
"That • ntbseriptioe intmeitately opeood foe -the lief
of thine &iota who survive that roasroere, sad of sash other
Werke ao slay be pieced to sionter tircumataaees."
. HUNTRII, Rog. Advocate, rose to second
the resolutions, and said he was sure that there were
none present who bad not been moved by the candid
and.manly appeal of the Rev. Doctor who had just
sit down ; and they ell must agree with him, that
this cause had • peculiar claim un the cousideration
of the scholar, and of every one who had any regard
for the language and the literature of Greece.
Aries the elOquent statement they had lieriirl—a
statement worthy of the historian of those eminent
men who hid laid the foundation of our civil and
religiOus liberties—he should not on the
topics which it embraced. but should briefly call
the attention of the meeting to the present situation
of the Greeks. In doing so he need only remind them
of the dreadful atrocities which had been perpe-
trated by the Turks—the barbarous massacres—
for that was the gentlest term by which their cruel-
ties had been described. He should not detain
them 'with reading all the documents in his pos-
session, some of which hod already-been printed ;
but there was one brief statement which lie con-
ceived it necessary to before them. It MN COIN
tsined in a letter from 1 rieste, and was as follows:
" Oat of a Christien popolaitoe of 120,000 souls, hardly
20,008 bare escaped; the reotainrier have bees butelierert,
dragged into slavery,or are hid io the muunt•ius, where they
must sooner or liter die of huagir." .

This was the misery which they were called upon
to relieve ; and the only question to which it gave
rise was, whether the inhabitants of Edinburgh
thought there was here sufficient cause for their in-
terference. Presuming that bat one answer could
be given to this question, he should proceed to st ate
whet were the means pointed out as practicable, by
which their assistance could be conveyed to the suf-
ferers. On this subject he should read to them the
opinion of their Greek friends in London. Ti ey s.y,

"It now remains fur as, Sir, to poiol out the best mitho-d,
according to ~ideas, of aiding our distressed felt w coon.
hymen. They may be divided into two classes—those who •;
have already arrived, or arc on the point °farthing, in the
ports of Leghorn Trieste, Aprons, sod Malta, shipped of
every thiug—without money, without clothes,and without
food : and thew who have been curt dints capt.vity, sad
are now daily exposed to ale is the markets of Coastanti. '
aople, Smyrna, aid Sclo. lu the k.st case, we subeirt it lo-
the consideration of the charitable contr:betors of liras woi k
of mesey, that a iespectaloe English bows• he select. d In each
of the above ports, to receive whatever "lota of tI e contri-
butions may fall lu their share ; that (so they cannot etactiy
be able to discriminate betweru Omar 'who are actually is
want, and those who, although seemingly so, have Magas
both able and willing to give altos every assistance they may
stand in (wed of) one or two respectable Saw mitten's may
he joined to thenitc, 1100 those who Le is the greatest di..
tress, son to 41M441 tbo.ditanitlOus as equally aid fairly as
possible, acconling-se the degree of waist I. the relleeed. to
the second eine, thit lhoglish 12 Mate may be chosen in Cos.
siastiimple and .11nryees jaritturoi, loiterer, . basin any
Greeks sulajoittc4 thwo, as tot appear with safety
in either city) for thownse puma* Such are, Sir, Vilsat oe
conseiebtioadg tittles* toiler/sr Owls beat calculated to al.
twist" the snahristrisof tint pissr-deeeksiiial bow. isiiikfis•
a ssreiace to are, isrued, pestilence, or fatigue." . ;
Having conveyed to the meeting sm.. lies 9(V*.
mount of calamity cod of wrong which had •Issierti
inflicted on the islaud of Seieorrod having :Isis sub-'
milted the only means by whithit appea:a possible
to relieve its surviviug perßnlationi.liedid not enter.
Wu a doubt as to what. ineald .6e the decision of.
that meeting, he moil cordially seconded there.
solutions.
Mr. A. BLACK said, the Reverend Doctor,
at the commencement of the Meeting, had referred 4
to a gentlemen then iii the Hall, %I erred Hastings 1
Anderson, Erq. who had attended rise Meeting 'tor
the express purpose of refuting some of the calum-
nies that had been circulated against the Greeks as
a people. The Meeting, hoireser, having been pro-
tract-el beyond the time apticipsied,n ad Mr. A:
having sit engagement at a particular hour, he•was
under the necessity of going away before he had an
opportnnity of stating what hccould have given evi-
dence to sr an eye-witness. • He had travelled
through the greater part of Coerce, apd considered
the Greeks a tine people, but fir the horrible tyran-
ny wider which they groaned. He could have in-
formed the Meeting that the Turks, when a Greek
came in sight, would tire at him with as much indif-
ference as • sportsman would level his fowling-piece
at. the game he bad started—that when parties were
travelling with a guard of two or three Turkish sol-
diers, in coming to a hamlet, ther,gave peremptory
orders to the Greeks to supply them with whatever
they demand, at the risk of the bastioado. He
could have told them that he had, tierhups, himself
been the innocent cause of suffering to some of
them; for though he always endeavoured to pay
fully for every thing furnished to his ;arty, yet it
was considered by these oppressors *A • most disor-
derly proceeding.—(Hear, hear.)—He had himself
known a Greek in Athens, who had three times
acquired a fortune, and had three times been de-
spoiled of it by the Turks. Under such circum-
stances, was it to be wondered at that the Greeks
are not remarkable for the virtue of truth ? If the
pr rrrrr ation of their lives and property depended
on their staidness, was it fair to bleme.them for the
exercise of that talent ou which their existence de-
pended ?
Thanks having been voted to the Chairman, the
Meeting broke up, though not until a subscription
bad been commuted in favour of the cause.

Extract of a letter from Pisa, dated July 25,
1844 :

I treat that the lest news of the dreadful calamity that
Isas befallen as here will have hven brolirll to you far report,
otherwise I shall come upon yon with a nsost painful abrupt-
Ness. Set Shelley, my divine-minded friend—your friend—
the friend of the universe—he has perished at sea! He was
in a Must with his friend Captain Williams, g g from Leg.
horn to Lerici, when • storm arose, and it iv supposed the
Twat must have foundered. It was on the Bth instant, about
four or Ave in the 'venire, they guess. A &henna!' says he
saw the boat • few minutes before it went down—be looked
again, and it was gone. He saw the buy they had with sham
alluft,lturling one of the sails. We hope this atosy is tree, as
their parsage from life to death will them have ber n short ;
and what adds to the hope is, that is S.'s pocket (for their
bodies were both 'Mown on sbo►e some days sfierwaids--
awneelve our horrible certainty after trying all we noses hope !)
• copy of Keates's last volume, which he had borrowed of
me to read on his passage, was found open and doubled bark,
as Kit bad been throat in, in the harry of • surprise. God
ideas Ida! I mamas help thiuklaz of hurling if he were alivr•
as snatch as ever, so unearthly he always appeared to me,
and so seraphie•l a thing of the eleniests. It has been often
(eared that Shelley aid Captain Williams would meet with
name accident, they were so hazardous ; but w►es they set
oat on the Silt to the mor•ies it was Sae. Out dew friend
was passionately food of the se•, sad has bee• beard I• Illy
lc mimosa like it to be his death bed."
