PRICE OF SUGAR.

The avenge priceUTßrown DC Muscovado Sugar, cent.
puled from the Returns made in the week ending the ebth
Joy of July, UM, is 325. nil. per hundred weight, 'a-
elusive of the duties of custom, paid or payable thercoo oo
the importation thereof into Great Brawn.

cotirrauttwori.s, JUNE IG.
At the begiuoing of this month the Rus,,,i
Aln bessador, Baron Strogonotr, delivered srvrr.l
note 3 to the Porte, the object of which was to
duce it to adopt just and equitable measurai
towards the Greeks. He required that the Moo:.
cent should not be treated like the guilty, and /WC
the letter should not be sentenced till after formal
eitamination. As long as the Porte continued to
inspire terror by the 'system hitherto pursued.
Reartia would awl refuse an militia to *Ai
fugitive Greeks. if the enmities hitherto com-
mitted should be continued, he lied orders to
go on board a packet boat with all the prr•ur,
belonging to his Legation. These notes were v.ry
ill ',received : in particular the Porte declared tii..t
it would not suffer soy packet boats, because thr-s:
as Government vessels see exempt from
visited. Notwithstanding this, a packet from Odessa
arrived on the td June, and anchored at Bujukdere
before the Russian Pslsce, near the Turkish guard.
ship. As soou as this was known at Constantino-
ple, the Governor of the neighbouring forts, ou
whom the guardahip depeints, was removed from
his office, and the Cap.:tin Paclia, with a coo:-
siderable force, repaired to the spot, in order to
execute the orders Of the SJltio. He declared
that militia the picket boat allied in forty-eight
hours force would be employed. On this
!misstated correspondence took place tetween Barrni
Strogonott and the Porte. When the Baron found
hue remonstrances had no effect, he suddenly to
the resolution to leave Pero, with the Legitioi:,
and repaired on the nth to Bujukdere. Tins d 4••
ci,ive step excited great sensation at Constant• plr.
TURKISH FRONTIERS. JULY 4.

Commercial letters from Turkey say that th
IRu•siau Awl:malodor is no Linger at Bajak.fere.
where he was strictly watched by the Tu►k•.. bat
that be had found means to embark on board a
Russian ship ter ()Licosa.

MOLDAVIAN FRONTIERS, JOLT 3.
Jimmy has been in the hands of the Turks .iue
the 46th ult. and a government composed of B.1)11r4
estalilidted : a person of the name of Siuzzo, bet
our of the members. has given r.se to the erronevu.
report that the late liospodar was again at Ore head
of the government. It is said that Kallimsehi, oil :I
was removed four years ago, will again be appointe.t
to this post.

Kositocuseno has been forced to leave hi• goal
vamp between the monastery of Kosnowan arid the
village of Stirtga, !rimed by the superiority of the
Turks. and by foreign tactics (or inatintuvres), and
to retire to Bessarabia. l'endedels.• and some
hundred Greeks, have fallen. Ypsilanti is hem-
med in in the mountains of Kinii.olutiga, war
Cremated'.

HAMBURG,!, JULY O.

The British Charge A tfivres, M. Mellish,
yesterday pre►ided ■t a gland etitert..inment in
the Salon d'Apolon in honour of the Coronation
of King George IV. A numerous ColUipany of
English, Ilauoverians, and others, celebrated with
the greatest enthusiasm this happy cievitrrence.
The usual patriotic and loyal toasts were drank.
and the favourite national airs sang in great pear v-
tion.—( Thornburgh Papers, July 20.)

CORFU. JUNE 15.

We learn from the Morel' that all the forts
the Peninsula, including Petro*, are in the Imodi
of the brave Peloporinvsiano. The Peloponneoua 14
is now quite free from armed Musselmen; stup •
peaceable and unarmed Nluseelmen remain in it...!
country, where they follow agriculture. They hay..
nothing to fear from the Greek'', who have pru.
mind to protect them, and keep their word.

FRANKFORT, JULY 17.

It is affirmed that there are at this moment err-
wawa communications going on between the great
Northern Powers, and between those Powers ao•l
France and England. It is certain that these com-
munications are relative to a Note addressed F.y
the Otmitinn Porte to several Sovereigns, respect-
ing its differences with Russia. It was said
Berlin that l'russia would adopt the eystrm
shall he taken by Austria, in clue that the nu,.
simis should invade the Turkish territory. A
report was current at Berlin, that the garrisons et
the Grand Duchy of Posen were to be reinforced
by the regiments now in East Prussia.
Commercial ligtera from Vienna and Odess.i
continue to assert that there will be no war betwei..,
Ku•si:r and the Porte, and that the great Poteria
will become mediators.

sumacs, JULY en.

Account*, from Batavia of £7th January state.
thut some mutineers had again attempted to rlo-
Nth the public tranquillity at Banc:i, and to bit-4r
on the fiat of Koh*. but had been repuhed atzu
put to fligh►.
The cause of the measures taken towards tl.e
Vroi Liberal and the Ilsasboosi is not yet !moot).


&QUI

-

t

4

but it is supposed that they proceeded chiefly from
the representations or a neighbouring Government.
( Brussels Papers, July 24.1

SPANISH RAPERS.

almniii•

• - CADIZ, JULY 9.
The frigates (Irmo, Hermanos, and Forma, and
the brigantine Ramoncito, arrived here to.day from
Vera Cruz and the Havantrah in thirty-six cloys.
following are the most important particulars
they bring from New Spain. It will be seen from
Wein that the attempt of Garatusa has not found
that rupport from the inhabitants which he ex.
weird, and which he had been promised by tbose
who,-to serve their own ends, advised him traitor-
ously to' 'turn against the Government the arms
which it had confided to him. Every thing an-
nounces Eo us that the plans of those rebels will
soon be entirely frustrated, and Europe will know
whether it is only a few ambitious individuals, or
the whole population, who desire the independence
of America,
♦CAPULCO, MARCH 15.

The combined military and naval force has
taken possession of this place to-day, in the name
of the King soil the Spanish nation, viz. on the
part of the navy, Don Jose Villegas, Commander
in-Chief of the Prevebat and Venganra frigates ;
and on the part of the army, Lieutenant-Colonel
Don Francisco Riondo, commanding the 6th di-
vision of the South, j))i)) ed with Don Vii cente
Euderica, Captain of the regiment La Corona
(eho was appointed Governor by Iturbide), at the
head of all the officers and troops, with the greatest
harmony and satisfaction. The troops of both arms,
includolg the . artillery, amount to 1,800 men.
There are in the place 1,500 muskets, including
those brought by the American frigate. The people
were beside themselves with joy, and the eloquence
of a Cicero would be neces-ary to express with pro-
priety the rothusie-rn and loyalty of the inhabi-
tants, especially of the people of colour (Moreno.),
who desire no government but that established by
the Cortes, and Ito King but their adored Ferdi.
Wind VII. All these coasts think iii the same man-
ner, arid also the inhabitarits of the interior districts
of Tixt la, Chilapa, &c. According to letters 1 have
seen from sensible people, all these events prove
that the hand of God is here, and particularly pro.
teas the favoured Spanish nation.
[Here follows a long dispatch from the Constitu-
tional A Icade to the Viceroy of Mexico, giving an
accr,unt of late events]. He says, that on the 20th
or February the Governor, Don Nicolas Basilio de
lo ridare, left the place with the whole georisoq,,by
the order of Uurbide, which was replaced by 174
' turn of the regiment of La Corona, and Dun V.
Enderica, Captain of that regiment, as Governor,
who on the t7th called a military Junta, at which
it was agreed that all the Members should sub.
scribe to the general will of the army of the king-
dom. Enderica then sent this resolution to the

Municipality. who were (deliberating what was to
be done, when a dispatch arrived from Iturbider
with an extract of the flavor of Independence,"
and a list of the persons who were to compose the
superior Junta of Government. Not having a sol-
dier on whom they could depend, the corporation
could do no otherwise than submit. On the even-
• lug of the same day two frigates anchored in the
port, and about the same time Colonel Riondo
wrote to his brother in the town to learn the. real
state of things, and whether the pkrce bird de-
clared itself an favour of independence. The cor-
poration tisquested the Colonel to come as soon as
possible with his whole force, Meantime the go-
vernor Gandara returned, who bring seduced by
Iturbide, cause with the greatest seal to fulfil the
orders of that rebel ; however, lie could not hinder
the execution of the intended plan, in consequence
of which Colonel World° and the Commander of
the frigates took possession of the place as above
stated.

Two dispatches, dated from Hiauchimingo, in
the plains of Apao, March 24, to the Viceroy of
Mexico, by Colonel de la Concha, slate, that he
Lad entered that place the day before without any
apposition from the insurgents, and that he had got
posrelision of five howitzers, thirteen cannon, and a
suautity of arms and ammunition, which they had
abandoned. The first dispatch states that forty in-
dividuals had come to implore the, benefit of the
amnesty ; anal the second dispatch adds, that four
Captains, three Lieutenants, four Subalterns, and
about 100 men, had also claimed the amnesty,which
he had granted,

♦ERA CRUZ, MAT 1.
Since my last letter the political situation of this
kingdom hag changed its appearance. The Vice-
roy has at length taken the step which he ought to
have taken before, by sending troops against the
rebels, fur which purpose he has divided the army
of the south into three diviisiont.
By a letter written from Jalapa en the 27th, we
Yearn, that the band of rebels, at Tepeace com-
manded by Bravo Hobiese, and Ramirez, IMP been
completely routed with the lona all their infantry,
only the cavalry escaping, which is, howe►er, pur-
sued. This is coafirened by a letter written by
Villedo, adding, that. Heoia overtook them at St.
Aegurow del l'idinerr and continued in pursuit of

Them, Faaasaiiiego, with 700 men, was at Thuabari
with port of tke rpgiatent of Savoy (now La !Irina),
and was to put himself in connsubication with
lizaziorkidi two zkiafa took polatosioo of, Orizaba

and Cordoba.' Xtl this'province was undermined;
and but for the gUropeani, whom we enrolled on
the 7th March, this place would have been occu-
pied by the insurgents; but by the measures taken
all is changed, and we are tranquil, though op-
pressed with fatigue.

MADRID, JOLT 15.

Accounts from Corunna state that a brigantine,
called the Triumph (11 Triumfoh with a Spanish
crew and under Spanish colours, had arrived in that
port from London, and suspicion being excited by
the brilliant offers made to the visiting officers to
permit some bales to be landed, the vessel was
strictly searched, and it ass found that the barrels
covered with copperas contained rich India goods to
the value of a million.—(Madrid Papers, July 164

PARIS PAPERS.

I

PARIS. JULY 25.

The English Ambassador had yesterday a private
'whence of the KING. His MAJESTY trsn•actrd
business with the Duke of Ric Haman, and alien-
wards rode out in the •icinity of Saint Cloud.
Prince LEOPOLD of SAXE-CODURG arrived last
night at Paris.
The Five per Celt'. Consols ate 86 fr. 20 c.—
Bank Actions 1,5321 fr.
PARIS, JOLT 26.

Prince Leopold of Saxe-Coburg, son•in-law of
the King of England, arrived on the night of the
23d instant at Paris. His Royal Highness alighted
at the Hotel de la Ters•se, roe de Rivoli. Since
the morning of yesterday this Prince has resided at
the Hotel de Coatille, in the rue de Richelieu.

Advice• from. Smyrna, dated the 20th June,
announce that, in consequence of the exertions of
the Consuls of the several nations, and particularly
the Consul of France, tranquillity was restored
in that city, and that the Franks had quitted the
road and returned to their homes.

Five per Cent. Consols 85 fr. 85 cents. ; Batik
Actions, 1,525 fr.
OD6IIIA, JUNE 30.
The details received here of the naval engage-
ment between the Greeks and Twrks, announce
fresh successes over the latter. The news that of
all the vessels which composed the Turkish fleet,
only four, including a ship of the line, haVe returned
to the Dardanelles, is confirmed. Eighteen trans.
ports with troops on hoard, to be landed in the
►Mores, have fallen into the hands of the Greeks,
who 114v5 spared the lives of their enemies, notwith-
standing the cruelties daily committed by the
Turkish Government and Turkish individuals.
VIENNA, JULY 14.

The post from Constantinople arrived to-day by
the direct channel. Cruelties of the most shocking
nature take place there every day. The Turks are
laying waste Wallachia and Moldavia► in every pos-
sible way ; they generally burn the villages, and
carry off such of the inhabitants as have escaped
death. into slavery.

Yesterday the intelligence of the death of Napo-
leon was brought by the courier of the banker
Rothschild from Paris. This news soon spread
through the city, and excited • great sensation.
It is remarked that the Court has not gone into
mourning.

TRIESTE, JULY 14.

A Greek vessel, arrived from Alessandria, has
circulated the-news of an insurrection of the Druses
of Mount Lihanus, against the supreme authority
of the Porte. They have beaten a corps of the
Pacha of Damas, and entertained the design of
making themselves masters of the town of that
name, which is almost wholly inhabited by wealthy
Turks. This will prove a timely diversion in favour
of the Greeks in Europe, who do not appear to
have gained any advantage since the capture of a
Turkish vessel near Mytilene. The insurgents of
Macedonia, who were badly armed, have been re-
pulsed in their attempt on Salonica.

These measures, andihe personal activity of the
Prince, were a new-object of -curioirity and wonder
to the Brazilians, and his popularity was unbound-
ed. The attack by the soldiers on the citizens of
Rio, on the gist of April, in the Exchange, is as-
certained to have been an act of false zeal, or indis-
cretion, on the part of the commanding officer.
Perfect discipline and' good order had been subse-
quently preserved by the military. In the election
of the Members fur the Cortes, which commenced
on the 14th of May, this affair gave rise to some
angry discussionS, but it was voted irrelevant to the
object of the meeting, and the election proceeded in
pegfect order and trAiquillity. The names of the
Deputies, fifteen in number, are published in the
Gazette. Among them are two doctors of civil law,
three ecclesiastics, two lieutenants-general, two
counsellors, a colonel, and n major. Commerce
woe quite stagnant at Rio. The market was over-
stocked with Engll4l goods, and Portuguese scr-
ods arriving from the East Indies proceeded imme-
diately for Lisbon. The foreign Ambassadors were
all preparing for departure.

*el We have received • etairmeet from Mr. Boneye, of

the blendleity Office, in reply lu an article in Ilse Times
of ilialarday, which will appear in 10-noirruw'a Paper.

THE BRITISH PRESS.
