SO. 1 NI.

• 4
cl 1,1.1131 j o"
a. d s. a. d a. d a. d a. d s. d s. d.
45 1 10 1 14 17 111 211 0 0 0
_

11111CTINGS OP CRIMTOIO AT me COURT
OP COMMISOIONHIIS OP BANCRLIPTaf, •
70.1110111110 W.
-Now-

N. X.

W. Steveas, Itioribeatbedeadatriort. MIT
3 1 1
Ir. Dore, Illeetetior4isare, 'redeem ... '
J. Larbaleilerg 111epoorhat.streel. wslet.emerelost 3 a
S. Meld, itlebsesaoLaistile, wieoinerelobill ...: .... . 3 11
J. Itiplity. Wapplar owl 113•1060ese. uesibessisc.l
imitraneet maker

••
-411•••••

11P5

111

~,~

I

~.. ;~, .

out. eliiitile7llmsr. St. ilavae. ma sew
laki Poi% /Via. far the first time. The
lei bubo 6144 lath rout tee. The applams wits
"'of kw*, 106001 • esy of " ✓A los ks Aeolian"
was board. which precook!' from me of the boaou
lietams excessive. god the perms 'be
reiwed tip. elm obliged to leave the
theatre. i
Rae
Awned dot aossaillsrabie somber olpsnom were
lbw moles before, sad
thi•
p-gekster part oterbsso do sot usually *Mod the
Aiwa: • Qatar dkoakb iwavaitag donee' ihaToti
Mei away *eels yam fought the INSO. lb* third deli it at tbisdni
..r *Amu; • 1110- •otkitiew ' Wita
Irtaive. arid. seta .ef Massie of o may
alb,lllVe tests place. • • • -
• . M. its believed*, the Horse. displayed 'goal
erowises and ',redeem ; this worthy lilledistrate has
liehlished a suitable ',reclamation. lie hod the
guild feeling ant t. all the iatrodectiors of as t
aloud form No reproach eau be thrown open
him with respect to the secorreaces so seictiog to
Littomoo.{CsasielatioatA)
401-114011:44omieiliory visit was is tYe
opertassoi of U. bedirs. at Remise. He was fee-
aiiiillp4O4kyosir of the Staff. end war ebseut.-
114eitiallotabsde Otos& Berthas were foetid
22
hismippy
..a.pcortinie to the Bea V the 7(11004.~Wea take Wass details. oar dated
ills, was waittes by the Ciewenil to lain. who
Nab forossityboimiltis Aide-de-Camp. The other,
*ft Oil, Moldy MI an account fora pamphlet, some
%Pell 0( WOO 9to,loSter had been commissiossed
41111Pottf ,1 • I
_
Cite lilli
We just leer"' tbeZtket by au astlarir.
witAer at the tote/lot, tby telegraph;
Bodin has jest beta are the family of his
Mother, at Nast L'Abbe, . Wit seerayad to the
loosiror Qoimpsr. --r
It is said that just a.g *din was arrest lac
viaa preparinefir a 3ouiuey. ti .sat
french Feedlot the 38—Five
474,,m5t,-644. Stock 1,1111.5 ""
• • •a tatiamassaa, aaa»s U.

. . ,
Accounts hew St. Petersburgk state ant the
simiectivity iMds. prevailed iti the departiomit foe
foreign. affairs it now observable in that of war.
Almost tarry dip couriere are dispatched pith
onion to the Communion.* of the troops so the
Metier. of Turkey; officers if the staff are also
proceeding so 'the seine destination, particularly
.IMR eltectispi to the Corps .of, engineer*. Many
appeintsseets and.. promotioes are expected isms-.
diately totaled piseeih the may, and the tepee( of
she ap • deportee* of the Emperor forilel,
sinutietit ' • of
,Itia !tejetcs ii evert'',
~
intim; ground. ,g !,...1 N. ...„.31,12 y.) 7' 2 ,b,l
I,':- - 1 Imaseta.etehetl les
A courier. who arrived unexpectedly from Caa-
staatiimple the day before yesterday, has brought
trews from that capital of the 6th of March. The Divan
has.docisledly rejected the Ituesiso Ultimatum, and
the Reis Effendi hes untitled this rejection in e
soft es the Multiples of the mediating_ courts;
contrived in no my temperate terms. The awe
*bids our Interouticio. (:sent Luts,iw. dispatch.
ed immediately after to oar Court, wait instautly
communicated to the Kennon Ministers Go-
lowitio Stud Tatischeff, who immediately tretientittled
it to the Court of St. Petersburgh. We are imps.
tient to know if M. de Tatischer will prolong his
littelimetkito.iisitot.
~. • ••0:f .4 soottl NEWLIN, MAILCIN 11.
'''' °''''' .' ea, 111, ispreis.)
•.001101111r fiine • TNIVATI COMMUNICATION.]
T'arisuidispatched from Cuostainsuople, ou the
Huh of March, have brought important news to the
Mucha of Belgrade. and to the Servian Prince Mi.
leech. What I had formeenandsoid ia my preceding
litters has been fully confirmed. The death of Ali
Pis lut sot only inflamed the heads dile Turkish
gl
e. bet the Divs. itself .partekes the veers!
• lion. On the 48th of Febresep last, the Greed
. oftheSublinsePorte assembled; all the chiefs
*lithe Orlas of the Jansisa ries, sod several' (Hews had
bump pommosed to this sitting of the Daress. which
is never done eacept when a theciaratiomeCifer 14
in egitatios. The assembly asessimoselp sionista
to reject the prepeosleof Rosin. the seeeWmoOtie
irhich bed been so waAnly Urged by. the.Mlnistglie
of Austria and Great Britain.
• The Reis Effendi immediately annonoced to the
European Minister*. by • note conceived its terms
the moot ineultiug to Rossi., that all its demands
Pelt rejected : it mid that Russia had violated
the treaty of Bucharest by teissaiss to deliver up
the traitor and rebel; Setae; mod that. far from
delivering him up to -the just vengeance of the
Porte, it had reeilieed him is the moat friendly
ittsesner. sod had *applied him with money for h a
Suipport : shot ancitiser enemy of the Porte. Alex.
*coder Ypeilsati. bed appetteed in the Houton oui-
form, and was in fact bet aa agent of that Court:
that tare Greek charehes might hi one day rebuilt.
hat
tirely ',tilled,: that the principalities of Moldavia
and Wallachia osuld not be evacuated till the same
tooth ; and that, as fur the nomination of Hoop°.
dues to guvero those provinces. the Porte wad re-
solved never morn Ms istrust tech functions to
Greeks. which is equivaleat to Ole total aneihilaties
of the political existsruce of the sem 'reelects.

•s In short (adds the writer of the letter). I could
'int hawse the testimony of my eJesight ou reading
Woe authentic act. aocoutemptooos aud issaratimg
she style of it ; and it sa easy to foresee the impress.
sore winch such a mote must make ow the Emperor
Alexander. however 'add sad pack be may be,
anstilsamih the Greeks fee some time pout bare ac-

.
_
AVA• 1101141. macs ....
EPROM A LATVIA.]
The sews we receive to-day from Warsaw pest.
five) y swoomices war. The Generals is Chief et•
the Ruske armies of the south end the west have
Iced to attend a Cooed! of war at she graud head-
quartees at Minsk. is which the operations of the
compeer bare probably bees decided 0619 after die.
ret:rlmagist by as extraordiaety costierfreer
iceditfrgh. It seems that the Itemise wilt
faiertly pater Wallachia and .111oidavis.
It is. slimed that, is a Note subsequent to its
lAtimetwirs, Russia had demanded of lIIP Nit. •
!MD, to iodentsify it for the exposes owed
by greet asetanseets which it has hese cow
to mike is conseqeeuce of the insertectiom
Odle Greeks, and saogeiaary steam at Consteati•
Soptste.. Th. same thing was dew when Austria seat
as army le occupy tie kiegdoes of Naples. • ,
ate-aa-eiiirst4e, MAIM /1...
L •
...., LAITRACT 111021 • Lima.) '
' Privets letters say. that . the stregesee of the
Divas was each, is its aegociation• with the Minis-
ters of Austria and England, that the latter, who
has exhausted all the resources of diplomatic skill
to unsure the mainteneoce of peace, was himself
wearied out.

The rejecties of the iffainotom bas gine a sea-
sible blow to the Aostento polar currency.
From the 22d to the Ststh of March, the greet
booking end commercial homes at Vienna sent so.
morass a:proem to their.,coriesuoirdecte in the
commercial cities of the west of Europe. Oa the
other hand, the-oak" of Foreign Affairs end the
British Minister at Timm have dispatched cattier
lora courier to Adastioa.
, •
The silence of the Austrian Okaervei oa the
criticsl state of the polltiail affairs of the met of
Europe is very remarkable. Prop!e are anises to
see the style of the Ent article which this mioisbnial
jowls'!" (which bag Irene been is fpagamet favours.
We to the cause of the Greek.) will publish oo this
so bieetk •

POI/LRCM Is.

The sow from Moidavie-orl W• 01411. !PIM,
horror.. The Asiatic troops lay waste every thing
with fire and sword. Even the city of Jassy was On
lire in several places on the 14th of liertik: whole
streets are redaced to ashes. We teemed* roc BM*
thereof.
Tha Biala Bey hem '.Wished, that if he we
forced to evacuate the country, be would wry WI
the etude inhabitants into slavery, sod *Mrs
voila not Wee lolling standing.
The fagougutv womb our fwaitter.eisaeCitiVe
The soldiers atsipilhowsi all IWO illikusenkniiii
,g .1.4**14111 • .01f.
•dr• • ...t..11.• 'PAPERC 'lf 'a
.$1

•7"-- 1104110ib'
itt , •.K
411.,.. ..,..h.) . ,
44. ,+r •4* . "W 1.," 1 r
FOASILSORT. MARLS 3en..1
i The following is from Views, March 10 t-- it
', La Express dispatched from Coastestinopin OD
ill 46th of February, hes brought the sneerer 4 Kea
IMO Effendi.. It appears that tbisilote is introits.;
barely grouch a mature as to render useless the sod's.
stints olds. three Powers; sod that uotwithstandiog
all their awls is prsrserve pence, the obetinaty nerd
the infidelities§ of the Sublime Porte will rootlet
this war itiesiteble. But even in ease it should take
place, it will be carried on like that of Naples, in
full concert with the Allied Pourers, and even be.
fore it is etsderiakees. they will previously acreage
together the result's of the different 'chances which
this war may hove.
Thus we see tbs. the mission of M. .04 pf
is not near its terwimition. 11111.1111110064 bin
experienced • new deprsesists-i=4l yens
quoted at 74 5-161116;
664 2-6tllB. " . ~, .. Ihrammir. „,,.......11
, .• .•, ,-..1, .44 Los
. ..,,,:jfrAW;Zrofi on ,') q :,1.:11.
" "14
..—...
. . ~ •
Zia„ .MADRID.
MAIMI L
His Secellesey Dim Steaml de la Bedew, she woo els-
pointed neeresse, of Slat' for the Colosie% by his Majesty's
decree of the 111th February, having repeatedly ropeatenied
that the shoe of his health • ' him for essreisiss
the h.ctloos of that oleo% 11,0 y has hews Mimed is
allow him is resign, sod: bat in his Mom Dan
Diego geinesits. „0.,•, , ~,‘,A • A ,
We have received fi,„‘ ... Arm gPelettllßlV/4/1*
leelog article:—. j;, , Ms
't The Goverossest kg* • that Dona.
Sallsoloros, who etas amply, prom she tasting
seselxed
themselves is tlitt st Codia, in.lenrati*Mt,
has strived I. the am , Ayres, has Assimpes.l•l.
lows
:
a I. Now of the loillOglitals oho have distiggidoliel Sen.
gang in the excesses tiosnalitted in the Spanish Poolantio.
agates. the rights of the people, Awl) be admitted into the
territory of the previoce of Seems Ayres.
I. IL The Minister. Secretary if the Governwinit, sad
benign slicers., I. ebarged stilt the enscutim of this ellecros,
which is to be inserted to this olicial register.
" R 0 DRIGU EZ.
" *roar& Revadavia. ths chief of the police, ass se.
eordiogly ordered to signify to Senor Ballasting, that hi
bed to quit the province is 48 hoots."
CADIZ. MARCH 16.
Yesterday thefeigste Speesdalios arrived hen from Colin,
which it mined so the len ed Novenshor. Sba has es
been a west comber of odlows of the costeaseeed *don
gibe were employed ea the fort of Callen. and Mb it fa en-
isepte•co of the Capitols' ioa, helm* permitted le bring 664
-thew ono baggage, het se swerelisedise of as, bled. -0a
the day nos .he sailed stews was brought that the Protester
Sea Marian ins sauhray 111. At Loma the mar soirible di.
tress preniin, miaow asumben of people solvated.
Liggett, 118sca IS.

le the Series of lite Come toeley, a rePert w» pittoo
the WOW Of the Wilmette* she hpfeat D. Seisatttaa,
Jaya beat Rio de Jeweire. The Camille mates thee at
N. Si.. of his &porter* thei► Royal ilighoomeettojoyad
perfect health, het t►at a feetralthervietent wrestled army
the people to eeeseepernee of the enter Ist she Itrlyst
to meow to Portugal, Is w►irl they would by the meow
agree; that eereral pro•Weee ►ad wet Deputise. who
wen le aseelehle at Ri. do ittootee. KW draw uP a rolu•-
moieties 14/ the Prime, floyul, ht Waste t. remain
is ths ka•ISUP se. *et this orprnmetatioo
iighod um tie of Ilt. Paolo, aid' which had styli,/

.w,.. .

,y.

44 ._ • •
. "*""— LONDON.'" 4, ~.A .; ,
,
' a,. .a; MONDAY. A tali' Sp 1SOS: 7:7 :. '
• lo.' AIL
!in@ Coostitotionsed of 'Ritmo.* ago* Willi in-
creased eoslideoeig its fora. *dement rmpectiog
the absolute rejectieci of the Remiss oltimmum by
the Porte. An article of ilehdligestce limo Vines.
dated tbs ad of Marche. stows that • Prim* Ds
Merman:lcm recitimul sifillie "midi*, day a
dispatch from esiestoothstromusuriog. this *-
palest erest,luid• it to gives, or alit tit
give, the precise lam ellbe site toesummisalled
by the Reis Mirth to
.L.ard.feetatifgriai ilinnhe
Comsat Du Loviram.! .This 'Dote thumbs M. Am-
bounders of the medieuktfirwers for their &salons
' care to accommiplAs all diirprevan, balsam she
&Mines Potoomadmw lie Nair of the Mos=
but it . . . ill further
tiooss epos t if the demigods maw
missed is the Rd. whim/tom The note *MOW.
a long list of as/mations ageism the Rusdameig
charging the Remiss' Commis nimbi, the T
States with having excited the Rajahs, Sr C
subjects of the Porte, to rebellion, sod the Res-
Mtn Governusent itself with having violated the
Treaty of Roeharest, in giving protection and shelter
to the rebellious subjects of the Porte, especially
ALIIXANDIN YPSILANTI sod Masan. Sono.
'MIN this detail I' the Courts of g : and
Ams. iris are ',DPW'. whether it ha . • ' '
1 Iherseeks fir war. The Porte:tam,
410:1PII fit....lll4Viigjutiee, bet. k:"' Ailie.ll6l7ii
ibmisrProw ti istlerferstio Obedsialktylltplit
etellolle-"Ilha 04i isia. J*44'1044E4
Ims been illegally destroye:tsbembolllt
after bliktiillity shall have bog* ... Wel, Iv;
sismili4sit it iotimetes that • of yielding
tiii Thl+btriso Protium, the Palrte will retain the
power, Mf.oominating Rospodms, who shall acme
iris. be selected kis the Faair ; sod it coscludes
lig • , that4h, As Poo. . is.. mot •I woupith
. . it litrueemiit4 Isf modittpers-
. trilhe froutiersttoirest of peons....i.iiiised..7.
,ext.
•inlibioatel I igesee simmo- tiny • plain
It?re. 'and .44selif* . ik
ey, but we halm lib! state-
shitapally
i determine . '4O
tt.t=ok ot.style i the Mosminsan
ii
• a . e irlite.4llttyll asoc.. ility to forgery.
• ;be asmilimmme I theatieiy of.ilsase
sletoolotitt! hew rpseethm of so much soligps,
ii;t7p's piefeeiiiselemp iPsestaWs a freisrmiii
opinial, upon thii;ilabillittlidgrate evidshunidith
We now posilik— . at "
Saga dinulbaiNftlim JO* brokers Ime in

Terloose. takerfilirthe

theatre. . ! ~ ...licit.' 4,-.. - . ss.
- - The a.e PeOligio latick in thaPaPen,
....Weeleasibalt Moos•l6y expreso from
Penis we nodeistant ' Irtilkimppy they rose
• oaf. 10 N• • • 0:4111$ ' •
-.41111; beir~sfiwwtt4 ill& obo-apoit fri-
tviggi. the Hiill4lit ' : avasatik
veaois to take the libel T. Foam, Minister.
et eopenhogen, with gurv—...firligh..—RGl NALEI. to in-
let
the King of Doni!obit with the Order of the
Garter; that, after the !earn of the Owen Glen.
fkpeer,,shs will il tefritifiAs4onet, by Cppleiwthe
Hot. Moor Duccu• H... Cooties Spent:see
period of service will have eapited), and fitted to
take the Right Hoo Canso CANNISS to the
Government of India; andobat service being per.
4(04 she will ereceed thence to South Americo,
where Coptain Defealli ilLiojconasßeil iin the
room of Commodore/Mt .Taiatas HARDT, whose
three yams Sr. nearly eapired. .Th4l twits frigate,
Captain ANDREW Kiva, it is'-said, is to take Sir
Tatou/I Tutworer loiltbiabow. to ib•est the King
of PORTUGAL with the Order of the Garter.—

(111aspsAire Telegraph.)
•-• 1.• '4 ,

•
The trial of an actin* leAapinages for su saault•
brought by oar of the ass.Atirit in the Manchester
affair, of the 16th of Aogisito LSI.. against some
of the yeomanry engaged w.-that smemomble flay,
'commenced on Thursday at Latatinater, before Mr.
Justice Houton,. A report of the proceedings is
given in our last page. The trial is expected to
occupy several day..
it. We apprised oar readers on Saturday of the in.
!fans in the receipt of the revenue for the quarter
'bigheaded on the nth •f this month, and stated
ft tnaphom to more than 400.0001. By the Tres.
sup araisself whicimairablish this day, it will be
um
dad the increaistii 428.9691. The increase
has taken place in all the moot important branches
of the revenue. In the C'ssiones it amounts to
190,604 f., in the Excise to 1490108 i., and is the

I

-..a,g.

Ai* to ili,S4}l. there is filling i•
real/Wand the Assessed Tutee. Is the Pew
ePelbfielt tweet of the pear 1611 there mi a
defeiency eatiodlog Itild,ooof. se compered with
the louse toner of the preceding year HMO, se
that comparieg the receipt of the lest (porter with
that of the geode/ grbiob ended the ch. of April,
leen. the incense pill MI toned est se 'acted
170,11001..—re sus far fines being esountineurate
with the estimated product of the new takes. In
the present state of the country, a. mach utile
public welfare is involved in the isporyhtflleif,
the Seances, that we sincerely rejoice is lelliAllernalle
in the receipts, however incoosiderable. Compor-
t% the receipts ef tbe leer last yeerten With-these
of the four immediately preceding the., the total
increase athineirts to the large sum of 1,2111,11361.
So fovibeitble,a report of the state of the revenue
must, under ordinary circumstances, hate produced
• considerable improvement is the prices of the
funds; bilk it wig counteracted in the present in.
stance by the strong helms which prevailed in the
City en Saturday, that a war between Turkey and
Ruseig was inevitable. Oa this point, however, ne
lokallippoe bas as yet arrived which css be
cc, although they. have mitt Set*
big accoorits porportiug to be oacial,

fluilthe very day which the Divan rejected del
Rwmienakisseeme, end realved upon the drdsliOri
tom of hostilities. Of these statemeets, some mete
tioa ibe 1111th of February. some the 3d of Mama
stessats the 6th, es the day oat which this impart.
or,,goilisbnece .took place. The apprehossiee of
so mippeesehiog war had considerably sebsided is
Pis whee the last advice. came away, for we find
that the five per anti. had risen to en f. 10 c. and
it was 'believed, from the uniformity in the state-
meats respecting the rejection of the Rosen* ski.
eseten, that they did Sot rest upon a safe &ends.
ties. Letters hare arrived from Lord STRANG row.
our Ambassador, mad from Mr. CRITWRIGIIT. the
British gesestleGeneral at Coansetinople, dated the
7th of Mink sPlr fresgspeidsee je it to be iuferred
that the tweitiabbstialloililheitively terminated.
Mr. CARTWIMHEY state., that the Porte had el-
-1 pressed itself wlltiug to make such cascaras, se it
I was probsh eidMM world accept. Assurances
diasdheifitiatie, beim, aspeated at least once a
Old& Oder
.0r mat of the aegocistion,
,
rhat degree of maiden*
these sob arb aster Spitted. No slight dial.
-
• hes the adjustment of the
differences islimula the two Powers, for the Dep.
cistions 41001610:protracted for several annithe,
mewl imminent Moon al.* large
Rem= log the provisrttrepork,7
with, 'withstanding. tbs .ectuel
invi *b ritt 10ifIlle Persian amp=
fat 01011,Cifeekos sad l
snsi Othe Asebsostesosselbs deft
ri 0000 ' onisosivi
iffeojeklPr..ll to Ear°Pe• ee
Oa Frldieaffernoou a weetisg of iht; atiii4et
Ministers. osagalkei at a short article by afe. Ewa,
at the Secretary of State's office (or the Game Oes
pertinent. which 'wee attended -by the &ate( 444.
vaapoot., the Caascat.t.oa of the ExCieten2l,
Mr. W.Tox, &c. The Aecoasev-Gsiedai.
also pretest.
The Driver, IS, Captain TISONIAII Waimea,
went out of Portsmouth harbour of Saturday more.
ing. fitted for the coast of Africa—she will relieve
the Myrmidon. The Hind, It, Ron. Coptaio
Rove. will relieve the Larne, is tbeMediteeraineut;
the Arians, u 6, Captain Maineens. will Mimeo
the Menai, at the Cape. The relief of stripe en
foreign station, for the next three years, will then
have been made. The Driver is the milialsio,at
Spitheod. . w h, e:,:
The Eurrefes. Captain C wept's, CB.. rend
Gibraltar for Naples. on the l4th alt. being twelve
days from Spithesd.
Early on Sunday se'anight. by a change of wind.
the Andromache frigate, Corned'', Nowise,
C.B. was enabled to sail from Sr. Helen's, having
on board naval store. for the ships at Rio Jautiro
add thi Cape, as well as dispatches 6, these pieces
apt the Mauritius. The Commodore will have
under his command the Menai, 26, Captain F.
Monesse. C. 8.; the Heron, Is, Captain Jon
HANDIER; and the Cygnet, 16, Capt, THOmas
BENNETT. The Hyperior frigate. Capt. Little
citar, will proceed tram the Cape to the Esst In.
than station, to relieve the TOrat flirt?* Caplets
A. L. COMM.
Ou Wednesday morning the Liffey frigate. Com-
molar, CHAIM'S GaArT, C.B. meted from Ports.
mouth for Rio Janeiro, the Cape 41.• Geed Hope,
Trincomalee, and Madras, to relieve Rear-Admiral
the Honoorable Sir HENRY BLACRWOOB.' Bart.,
K.C.B. in the Bast ludia command. - Moja.
General CA varsEEL, second ie command at Madras.
Sir JAMS Hums, and many other officers, went
passengers.
'A rp"iiittaseuts to the Ordinary
Costal. R. Thomas goesserte Fine Captain S. the odium
Lord Celltagwood), at Portsmouth, eke C. R. IL Rem;
Caplan' Samuel Jackson, C.B. at erseensess, etre Pima;
Captain fobs *mooch, at Plymouth, eke Hari.; Commie
Wakens Ratidweiree, C.D. at Centime, she D. algae& Cap.
tutu (commiseder) Davis, sod Littemeasist Tele, are all up.
pointed at Portsmouth.
Art accoant of the payments made last year from
the Drove of Admiralty, printed by order of the
Haute of Commons. includes the following Item:
William Collor, E.q. of the Treasury. to be applied to
weeds defining the "spume or his filsikeija late joaraey S.
Intuit' and resideuee there, 40,0001.
The Collector of Customs at Plymouth. in obe-
dience to so order of Parliament, has set off for
Lomita,. to attend an inquiry tutu the Edti,stooe
Light deer, which, from their heavy 800.1111, are
alleged to be injursous to shipping, misters pre-
ferring to remain at sea iu dangerous weather, than
submit to the payment of the duties. and so exclude
themselves from the security, which that sacelleut
harbour iu such emu provides.

LORD cabatisditaatiti onus, OW, tin.

Welke is betel/ Om, Net his Majesty MN Isola% a
Lewes M Cerise. Palms, so friday, ibelelll Ow. si siri
.sack.—,(Osasfis.„)

Nuke ia hanky lime, not his 110esty will WI
Drawieg Boom at nuckiarbaas Palace so Tooaday tie
Ilia toetear, at two o'clock, to akiebe:to kis liajoity's
Sink-day.

N B. The Lashes of die enteral Orders will west thert
_AID_ 4,11...-Aa- •


-
PORZIOIf INTILLICINCitb mei his a Wok* w 4 • . 6 , •• die 1.1 et baba le ikeb. SI
--....... woe and their isiefeetemes" ;' ,
_.. .we Wombe adds llet si al t
PANS mu& Aber *is' pitied the Gieeek me se gee Ow •4401011 If Pat was
41
. letter depletes else tiSO foto dt the • I 4 isel" b. 411 Parelled*. '
1101146 d. MAWR 111. d,
imam Amu, 4. astir* et Coosteotioeple, ohs% efts, en ow hate .4, me rum t. 64 prima.
- - le eeiseelosose- 411000" ti
t!'"'", "-1113 f- Fells" a alisal 4" paciac""fadafftsimpart dayseacrimurety a the maim* a. iiseol4 hectlegezin oe , sesistni it
Illisstesei . . i... ' osw the whole pacific edifice which Ms! WI Winn 'Ettoramal
imam oosestasswaittenekke lee
II
4 Isstees-11hpJpemilite eeeeessee diet got waii rue to men ,
.1054111 ,
_have MIMI At Issaisi is Cambs. will a 4 A new Ts,ki,h is • hipoptimpos *WO die remit etjeotter.-Viewirst Plipiere, NoreAlli) I
4."'lmnhelia. .. , !rwel‘... Ilike t#e 9,141,,ft 41! 9, Pr ' f Nye.. sod seethes issilis et &Praise- *---------- - -4 I'
10 remelt eitoll:- ?rho weeps is the „eines et g Surest Illosisito-Iktider to Se Seek, Ihithesier, Item; ,
-11les--iust isetemilieis- liweieves vide-didsrli-- foe the Danube. It is . lodia sod iketb see Reese.. . , a
meets Wes WAGS est is Sat sky. l'lmmericel re- „m 'homy enter soma. aid the 'kaiaks of '. s - - , %!4e.
i''"*".l62ll wheriewildsit Stilt rallignee to live Prise* Mach, when hostilities bleak eitterm TH •E BRITI S H I'RE S S p
S, tl
limp iu 1/14114 Sad • plow 41 smosessest is Celifilit• become wry aiticai. ,
-- :.
