SOUTH AMERICA.

JAIRO, JCY 4.
The discussion in the Chamber of Deputies,N oEn the 2d, L
tartlet(
upon the indemnity claimed by the inhabitants of the province of
fur the losses sustained by them in the invasion of that mi.
wince by the Portuguese. The consideration of ths Reptt of the
Commission was adjourned for three days. i% farther discussion
took place on the management of the cuatonts. The last subject of
debate was the law of naturalization.

J
The discussion on the 4th was continued on the lawurof;u.
ralizatlon. nit

The Session of the ritly continued on the sarne.stihjert; but
towards the conclusion a Deputy made several Tpurts on the 147th
article of the Charter, vtIMIt regulates the obedience of the tokhus. This gave rise to a variety of speecMs.

.11:r Y 7.
On the 6th, the project of law on the subject of the rhusc of th liberty of the press was discussed, and Mr. Ledo, the aathor of th.: project, made an analysis of it, showing the advantages ar..ing from
the liberty of communicating ideas by it
ing—a liberty cevr,illed
by despotic governments but which it is necessary, i.evtsCubss,
to direct by repressing its abuses. After sortie disewinn nn the
wording of the first article, his proposition, founded nn the 197th
article of the constitution, was approved with some verbal ex-
ceptions. Under this da'e the Spec/odor al•n gives a corrected
copy of the law of naturalization, furnished hy
but the difference between it and that which has been published it
considerable. a enfTutPondent ;

Jut.Y R.
On the 7,h the discussion on the abuse of the preu Iltilirt;surned.
The arrival of the Portuguese deputatiast h mentictotd as natal
yesterday.

PORTUG 41.

EXTRACT OF A LETTiIt, DATE!, LEMON, 230 aCa. 183,
We were on the eye of another exeilopion, which has happily
been frustrated by the timely discovery of the plot foe the overthrew
of our present Government, by one of the conspirators, on whoa
much-confidence had ram placed, as a principal actor in the pm.
jetted treason. A man earned K—, an expatriated Irishman, who
his served for upwards of twenty years in the cavalry of the Corr.
do Ponria of this city, gave secret itifarmation to the Intendant.
General of the intended revolt of that corps, and of the into fol
of proclaimirg the Infant Pon Miguel as King (the Dowager
sQutriye:na,nd Cursesitegn General,tadiffl o i)B,
initCl uiste,tinte thecoounsiy;
aCnadsttioe,jArnrpserison 0
nal,.Trrpeau.
to death, all those in office who resisted this new order of things!
The co.operation of the troops quartered in Lisbon, at Boa Vista
Alcantara, and Belem, was confidently expected by the corspira:
ton; but from all I can observe and learn, there time rot exit the
slightest grounds for believing that the troops of the line in .his
neighbourhood had entered into the plans of the debased corps im_
idicated in this infamous plot. Besides, it is a well known fact,
that greater hatred does not exist between the Tarim sad °mike,
titan between these Lusitanian Janissaries and the troops of the
line. Hence I assume that the revolters calculated mere on the aid
of the ragged and desperate populace, with which this city swarms,
than from the military body ; whatever may have been the hope: of
the conspirators, the cotubret of the troops, in their reel yid enthusiasm
in support of the present Government, has dispellt d all doubts (limy
could be entertained) of their fidel.ty. The plan of the rebels, as Is,
u I can gather front various authentic sources, was as follows
Immediately after relieving guard on a certain day, the old and
new guard were to combine and assemfle in the Prays de lisle
tthe equal., in which that immense building, formerly the Palace
of the Hedy Office, or Inquisition. stands), where they were to
be joined by the remainder of the corp., not on duty ' • the & tech.
meets ott alit, at the several public departments above mentioned
were, on a signal from the Castle, to possess themselves of the pub,
lic offices and persona of the officers until the result of the proclaim-
ing Pon ()live' should be known ; in the mean time the CMS de
vino (or tippling-houses) were to be opened, arid' the poptilace al.
lowed to indultte themselves to intoxication. To those who know
the character of the lowest order of Lisboniana. the consequences
may be easily imagined. it has been calculated upwards of twenty
the wand wretches of this class have no other lodging than the strode,
and who exist by alms, or theft ; they are known to the police. sod
live in fact on their forbearance; it is no unreasonable supposition,
therefore, that it was on the aid of shit, body et miscreants .he rebels
pieced their chief hopes. Olt receipt of this sliming information,
her Highness and the Ministry adopted the most prompt and (ss
the event proves) prudent meatuses ttme and sleet the deem,
without exciting ar y unnecessary ; anic in the pubic mind.
The disarming of that Fortiori of the Guar,:a Pt& ia at its
headquarters in the Largo de Carron was I u lir work or a few
minutes ; the imprisonment of the members fohowed wiffiout any
resistance; In the mean time. cavaky and infantry of tie line re.
lieved the several posts occupied by the remainder of the corps,
who were also immediately disarmed and distributed in tarsus
places of security. These important measures were conducted with
such secrecy' that the whole was effected, and public tranquillity
xecured, before the great body of the citizens brew hat such II
danger hung over their heatle. The proclamation which you lave
read, however, opened their eyes at once to their danger, and their
escape. It. promulg ?lion was the signal foe the st spendon of all
comnierciul Inisiness : counting houses were elesed, c d nothieg
was hard but praises of the existing Government, ea:lnshore' of
loyalty, and offers of support in puree and person, for the mean.
native of order and of the constitution. 'fbemiliCasni velentaries
distinguished themselves by their alacrity in turnirg oat, and
never was their muster stronger. The troops of the line were per.
mined to express their attachment, and they evinced it by appa-
rently the sincerest shouts of `•4ring live the C, nstiturion !"
" Long lire our Prinreza Itegente !"—" !troth to all Traitors!"
The trumps of the line end militia, on retuning to their respective
quartets, were gteeed by the warmest plaudits of the people, and en
all aides proofs of the best spirit were exhibital. The bells
of the several churches rang, aid celoure were honied 03
the gsetter pinion of them; it was, in fact, a day of triun ph
to the Constitutional party (which, I em happy to ray,
comps s^ all that is great or respectable in the kinudom),
and of hls.stmd hopes and confusion to the few who would let
cling to the cleavable slavery of past time,.. In the mean titre,
that the pare of this immense city may not be reglcetad, tla
duties of the disbanded corps are for the present diecharg. d ty de.
tachments of cavalry of the line, while the militia end volunteer
form constant patrols for the premovnt ion of the public pi ave. A
new ospinaation of the Guards Poßcia it, now under eonsiderstion.
The trthmay of that body, about 600 effective (tut wren's. of
1,000 on paper), are dotal to have escaped the con ajon of dis.
loyalty, tied, as some say, evinced the utmost intlienvion at the
defection of the cavalry; their doubtful loyalty, however, will not
he too far trusted. As for the rebel cavalry, it ma' be necessary to
inform you, that, although in appearance ea formidable as helmet,
huge mustachios, and brass and buff would make them. they were,
in reality, as a retched a net of sumps as ever disgraced the proles
Sinn of arms: for. notwolistarding they are better ciethol, fed.
paid, and mounted, than any other description of tames in this
country, one squadron of cavalry of the line would put the whole
corps to flight. They, however, het their sire. Formed, kr the
greeter part. of military delinquents and metropolitan thief.talters,
they knew nil the haunts of virany. They were the censed.wom.
if not of public morels, of public decent y ; and had the vane and
regulation of all houses of a certain class. Indeed it is the monk
of foreigners, that hi a city where depravity of all kinds is weU
known to exist, runic decorum is preserved to an extent that asto-
nishes the natives of our moral countries. Your wife or raster tray
sit in the adjoining box to a court= of rotoriety, at the theatre,
without hexing her ears or eyes irsulted by the alighted Whited,'
of language or deportmed ; nor even in the squabbles of die rny
blaeltguatd. and begzars in the streets are we Awaked by these blas-
phemies anti obscenities which, I am sorry to say, are to be bead
in the streets of London.

The .Ministry are in general popular. but you will observe Al
have go a new Intendant-General of Police. However nattering
present appearances, we feel ourselves by no means secure against
fresh intingues and machinations. We want .Marshal Berestord
(the V iseuum) here, with a few chosen troop., to curtail the mi.-
chievous faculties of our nirdelling Quern, and (as Intrel Wye.
Bendy& Served the intriguing Ex-Queen of Naples) tend her
packing to her Afrzeho of a brother. Until this violent and im.
placable woman be removed, we can niver enjoy the promised
blessiags of a free °lnstitution or fteprneotitiVe 00VeThWilt. It
is said that the Conde (with his two mifficre stoline,
• made by his connexion with the British, u Contractor-Ono/h.
I only plain Mister S--) is in her lib jelly's con-
I Of this I do not pretend to judge; but certain it Is that
he stands aloof at this juncture, when the preponderance of his
wealth at least (foe he possesses talents beyond those of the
counting-house), would assist the efforts of the Liberal party 10
establish the l'berties of this country on a firm and lastng have
Our trade fur the last year and a half has been extremely dull: the
uncertainly that has .hung over public affairs has checked the
spirit of speculation in this quarter, and the unfortunate state of
things at home has eaded to our gloom.
This has been a scorching summer, not one drop of rain since
February. ' I observe by the papers that you have been burnt •ip
for months. aud water a saleable article in many places ! Thanes
to our magnificent aqueduct, and the fountains that in every illa-
tion adorn and serve this city, that is an evil of which we Tact lute
to complain. I counted live British men of war in the Tagus 3 few
days since ; the officers are in certain numbers daily on shore;
the " Viva Insicz." with which I well recoliect every Briton ass
hailed in 18011 and 1809, has now entirely subsided ; still a
respectful attention is shown to the British uniform wherever it
appears. The vintage, I learn. 83 yet appears favourable—we 11131
calculate on a good store of sweet wires. I see you anticipate a
good hop season. I have observed, diet a god hop year with lion
is sure to prove a favourable one to us in the land of rases; I am
certain of the fact, but I leave it to the curious to account for the
coincidence. We (the British) have all sworn to observe and de.
tend the Constitution, as far as depends on our conduct during rate
residence m the country ;—a very reasonable obligation, and. one
which we all cheerfully entered into, to the no small discomfiture
and astonishment of the Anti-Heretic "Cleric/fr." who would tam
see us all at the bottom of the lied Sea, or even the Tagus, 35 me"
at hand. My want of occupation in the unfortunately of-
fords me leisure to write to you—you shall hear fiom me again as
soon as any thing appears is the political horizon worth common:.
eating,
