Lotter, Tickets

sTif WKS ESTE RDA V .
Pros,ian Bonds
Ditto Arrt.
Ditto Bonds (IU2)111 ex di,
Ilieedari Bond% 03! 4
Ditto Acct. 1,51,
inon. :mei. 214 d I
Ditto Aret.llll
Ditto 510 Bowls
Ditto 170 anti 235 Bonds
Ditto 5 per Cents. (18a) 15i 1.3
Ditto Acrt.
Anglo Mexican Mines
I!nited Mexican Mines 4 dis
Dutch Bonds
French Bette.
Exchange
Ditto Scrip 151 4 pm
Ditto Acct. 10 14! Di pm

Attntrrn: I French.—titre : 1 Ilamburgh.

Nrittott

.VEIN TREATRF: ROYAL, DRURY-LANE.
TM F vetting. FRIO %V. July 2. will he performed
)11N %VII 11 11,1:: or, MORE SECRETS MANI ONE.
11..Mirles Ansteneentrt, Mr. Elliston; M► Willoughby Worrutt. Mr.
inowt.4l Corneille% eflksllentes. Mr. Fltaterllliio; Ponder, Mr. Harley.
tleeet Worrett, Mass S. Booth.
After which
rm.: REVOLT OF TIIF. GREEKS t or. TilF. MM.) OF ITIIF.NS.
1.. morrow. The M.ue of the World, with r itedlet, and The hills of

TII .47'n E /ROYAL, roVE A-VC:AIt DE N.
Thi. Es, • . will he perf..rnied
VNtiI.ISIIM ANN VIIIESIDE.
rereerble. Mr. C..opm: 11. m. Mr. im.s.; .iir Simon
11ti...M.1.61r. Mr. Illanehisr.l; .1.. h Thsontierry. Mr. ritwertt ; Menu's
U Meriplilery. Mr. iiiii f IMII. Mr. Itnytior. ladv rafloiille War-
•. Mr.. ilistterlo : Mary Thornberry, MIS Chester;
o‘. uildery. Mr, bavehport.
%/ter whirl. cF.NT. PKII CENT.
Tome.rrhse, The Selsool of Itellowiti. with The Irish Tutor, and The
Ilwarr h( the Alps.

• • •
TIIEATRE 11.11%11.111KET.
TIP* F.venimr. FWD v, fitly .ill IP• performed
r‘P:nr ll.\.
Sir R"hert Ramble. Mr. V inimc: !P.M.,. Mr. I.ist.m: Ils.rmonv, Mr.
M. Inure: Mr. Ire, in, Mr. Abbott. Ludy Fall lrvin, Mrs.Git.tcr
141pold. Mrs. Oiblra._ .

%fter 'orb.
A VEL,II IN AN Horn ; or, TIIK COCK OF TM: WALK.
Hobby thorkhorre. Mr. I.L.tun.
To i."111.11VIc N ith
A tun, Vcl) Volt N 01.1VElt.
Ile.Addlnt; ?Cm t I klrlo NtadaineVertrla.
It. ‘va.,• to and Cu, and
t.to Coact' t.thintent

Tll A:AVM 110)".11„ AlyG LISII OPE RA-11017.5T,

bI'N\VII.

hr Public arc ttipr;tr.illy 114..1.U:01ik4 that Hill Theatre will Open

1„r Idr Z. . .lout,ter .4'1401
T., 00000 rn,,,, v vrt,iii)%‘ , Jul) 3,

11, Mn will be peri.:r'se.u...d.t;illl.:;;li:,;;ti;n......l6;4;‘,lditiono the CJIIIIC

I••r
I, NLVII.I.F.

I.lmat ha, Mr. Philipp.: i)....;•0r Mr. Matto* •. Firarn.
H. ; yhorrlto, Mr. liroadharat ; T. 011.1..... Mr. Tatyleure.
H .sq.a. by a yoloaa •
wh Iri; a Dew C.,rAte I rrmuime, enllrd
11111.: MCA kEV Inl. t\1);
Cr. 11%10.i:01'1N %%;) LutosTirs:n Roux.
Mr. Clwrie, Mr. J. hilitnamn, Mr.

•
11,4re10.: \li•• Itonwr.
. .

Hole% P;lTale I y • of Mr. Steven-
th, hull S: art:ter. from 12 till Mc.

11()Y..I f, (;.I 111)E XS. 1".1 U Xll.l I,l—
the E.:wrist ih.tconase of Nlnjest y.
Tills Evening, FRIDAY, July 2. the .linusestients wdl commence
M it It
A CR %NI) rtisa'YllT or Vorm ‘N
other l'ontert. .110. V11111.4.11•iS1
'J.:iv ntij.K.l"rifl: N rlll.l vl. •HIK Twin' %ND si,lcK
1% till as. %NIP r ;tom..
•.. ramoi, ..‘pr,....•:mt a ninh to have
the ..f Ti.• Chinese Wedding r whined. it is respect-
! ,:l% 1111 l onticed it will he is, Yonisl f•ir a few es elites Isoilger, when
a.uluri a wittient-,,,,, of the grand ilea' ihnitomleite. tvls:clA
I.e. been all the wooer to ves:ici•loll.
.anale •• i'..1;7 " Joey of Von‘hall."
to he lima ad the liar of 1 lo.• Cartl.•ll,
Dor* open at seven. I ,oi:ert c,utoneuces nt Eight. Adinlution
Cd.

The BUITISII Pa r•ts vrinoipsno.4l publishing yesterday morning
at a .11111'1cl. IMM lives ..'elock.

LONDON, FRIDAY, Juts 2, 1921.

Last :tight we received the French journals of Tuesday,
with the and Pit,br of Wednesday's date. They
are comparatively destitute of political interest, unless we
consider as such the speculations of the Paris editors on
the power
,of M. de %%Bele. Chateauhriand's paper, the
J,ar.zul des Delarts, is stialfast in its attack on the Minis-
try, and is extremely a'xiuus to show that it is in a totter-
ing state. On Tuesday it contained a report that Baron de
Dimas had tendered his resignation as Minister of Il'ar ;
but this statement was positively denied in the Poite of the
same evening. The French people, it may be remarked, take
little interest in this party war, and appear to be perfectly
indifferent as to whether M. Ile Villele keeps his place or not.
1:s the Chamber of Deputies, on Tuesday, the accounts of
tf:e expenditure of the French army in Spain were dis-
c The contract made with the Intendant-General, M.
4 li:vrartl, was particularly remarked upon ; M. de Villele
a hi•itted the biarthm-Jrnie nature of this bargain, but ob-
se:ved, that the Gover 1111 l ens were compelled to accede to
Ow terms of Ouvrard for the supply of the army ; and
that the complete manner in which the con-
tract hall been rrforined by the Intendant-General had
greatly facilitated the termination of the campaign. It is
, •taatao that M. ouvraed made a profit of nearly a mil-
-1 sterling. during the six months' campaign in the
I'minsula. The advices from Matlfil, in the Freud'
.1 Etrulls, come dawn to the Y.. 111 tilt. Valli:land returned
to that city oil the 19th. Ainottgirt the most recent elta-
raewristie acts of th.• Stoutish government, find that
Marquis dlc 4%1111p0 Verdi., Prince Pico, 4 ielleTal birel
need several other 011icers, who were included in the
11.italati.m of Ballaaterns. have been arrested, and thrown
rot) pi ittott. The French fundsuu Tuesday wf re
For the elid of ate month, 102 f. 75c

New York papers to the Silt instant reached us last
rii4t.t. racy contain a roo,l deal of speculation as to the
r..salt of tit. Eleetion. and are quite amusing
it the mutual reproaelies of the partits. have their
L 1 es and th..ir radicals. flere the latter are all sunk into
417 u-roasters, blacking-in:ll:era, an.l grass-!ileaehers. The
tollusing are the (tidy extracts of any inttrist in this part
of the wo!hl:
I
Froth the :roe Vont Commercial .I.l.erti.,cr, Jane 7.1
J 4,144.3 ;tarn lit the I Ith ult. mention th- introdu. !tail of the
11.0 i; VOX into that Island tnini this city, where it was reported to
1,, rwAirt.t. It wa. ruintior.sl at Volta, that Mato ribilla was t-
Lt
hlivekatleil. and a dowers) to be ntadr Ito Maracaibo.

Antigua papers to May ill mention a long and stiere drought on
that Island. which um, terminated on the 26th April, to qte great
rate( and joy of the inhabitants.
!Sew:6l.mo (ON PIRACY) DETECTED.—The Unitrit F.tates !
revenue cutter I. 'otitis has arrived at St. Augustine, from Key I
West, with a Spanish SdiOniler. Kim to a Colombian privateer,
b3ltest rot landing har mega oil Our short's, to viulation of our
revenue laws, and we niny add, the laws rif nations. Without etitry
at the f'ilitoni.house. and hetiwe trial and contleninaitun by
y Court of Admiralty. or other competent triblinvt. This!
practice has been too long carriA on upon the coast of
}lands • and it a hoped that our government will not Ms%
in their measures in and of ('um. Porter to revint its con-
t;nnance at team if we wish the Spanish au:amities RI the
heiglaboUrhood (nth.) to act with spine and cordiality in sup.
praising the rolgiery and murder at our yrnaela and chums.
Kline very important intelligence was n•crived yesterday
front Trinidad, respecting tin. !unposed regulations fur the
future treatment of the slaves in that colony. A general
tise?ting of thc inhabitants, tuost numerously and respect-
attended, was held at Port Spain. on the ih of May, at
which the following petition to the Ilivernor was carried,
praying his Excellency to wasp:nil the pnimulgation of the
lat- order in council :
.• Te his Excellency Sir Ralph James %Vontifent, Ran (M-
-armite and Comma:Am in Chief in an 4 ore- the &IA is:and
and its Dependencies, Viee-AdmirJ of the same. ate.
" We, year !Nutlimas, his Majesty's loyal =4 dutifal sult;i:ts,

the flee inhabitants of the Island ef Tl;nidiul, respectfully approach
your Excellency. •
ii'e have read with 'grief and dilmay the draft of an order in
council, laid by his Majtraty`s Ministers 'before both liftmen of
Parliament, on the 170 h day of March last, and declared to be
intended fur the improvement of the condition of the slaves In this
colony.
" We recognise, to the fullest extent, the power of the Crown,
founded upon those principles of British justice which have se-
cured to the meanest subject of the realm the undisturbed color.
merit and use of his property, until he has received full and fair
ctonperaustion.
" We are sincerely impressed with a grateful 'roan of our gra-
cimis Sovereign's beneficent intentions. We dutifully sympathize
w:th his royal wish to meliorate the condition, and promote the
moist improvement, of the negrnea. by adoption measures in which I
due regard shall he paid to considerations of justice ; which, by
tempering zeal with motion, May lead to practical good; which,
without hazarding the fortunes and the safety of any elitism of his
Majesty's subjects, may promote the welfare of the slaves and that
of their employers.
" We appcal f.litlerily to your Excellency to witting, that every
'mart iii this island 111. at. in union with this his royal wish; that
these his rival word, infused joy and gladness into the breast of
every inhabitant of the colony.
" Animated by loyalty and by gratitude, we feel it to be our
first duty to aid in promoting these his gracious intention', and to
oppose ourselves to every obstacle which may tend to disappoint
his beneficent views. 'imitated by these sentiments only, we, the
free inha'ii'ants of the colony of Trinidad, respectfully beg leave
to express to your Excellency. our wilenin amviction, that the
execution of the whole provisions and clauses of the aforesaid
Order in Council will inevitably prove ruinous to the properly of
the master, injurious and demoralising to the slave, peculiarly
hazardous to the lire, of the free.colouml inhabitant. under hurt
of the alith clause of that Order, and totally subversive of our
Kenchma Sovereign's benign intentions.
M'.. your petitioners, therefore humbly pray that your Excel-
lency wiU he graciously pleased, tinder the authority vested in you
by the laws now in force, to stay the promulgation and the execu-
! tion of the proposed Order in Council, until a true representation of
its effects may be made to his Majesty's Ministers, to he laid at the
foot of the throne for his 31ajesty's gracious consideration.
" And by no doing your Excellency will avert that catastmphe
which moat otherwise involve every etas* in this colony in one
common ruin; and will deserve the sincere and grateful thanks
of a loyal anti affectionate community.
" And we your petitioners shall ever pray," &e.

- • •
A Committee W 39 nominated for presenting this petition,
land it was signed by above 'too persons before the meeting
'separated. 'l•he Chair was filled by Mr. Catlett, a highly
respectable colonist, who, previously to entering on the
business of the day, made Kline sensible observations on the
benevolent design with which his Majesty's Ministers bad
framed the Order in Council. The Chairman expressei his
confidence that this consideration would induce tit,:
Cnle-
nists to adopt a becoming tone in the language they might
use on an occasion so deeply interesting to them. This cau-
tion does not appear to have been given in vain. If we
diflis. in some respects from the argue entsof the Colonists,
we cannot too much applaud the tourr with which they con-
ducted their pioceedings. The princi pal speaker was the Hon.
Mr. Manley, who, in an address of great force and ability,
entered into the general question of colonial slavery, and
criticised with great severity the applicability of the Order
in Council to the present condition of
.the population fur
whose improvement it was drawn up. This gentleman's
speech was temarkable for an entire abstinence from all
personal reflections upon the " abolitionists." Under the
'trying circumstances in which the West Indians have
lately been situated, and knowing how illiberal mixed
bodies, possessing a common interest, usually arc, we con-
sider these compliments not more honourable to those on
whom they are bestowed, than to those by whom they are
given. One fact connected with the abolition of the slave
trade was brought forward by Mr. Burnley, and com-
mented upon with great effect. Common justice to the
colonists requires that it should be stated in his own lan-,
guage—

" One circumstance atten!leil this final act of abolition, which
nail much surprised him. Three month had been allowed to elapse
after the pvsing the Hill in the Ilium of 1 rolls. during which
time slave ships hail been allowed to dear nut from England to
.11r;ra, and the West Indies. without limitation us to number or
tonnage; the coasentience of this had been a glut of slaves in this
unhappy I ',dolly, which none could credit but those who had wit-
nessed it. Their numbers fir exceeded the wants or the means
of the inhabitants to pay for. They were forml upon
them by the slave dealers nn any terms.—• Take them at tine, two.
thr.r years' credit t—pay for them when you please, and how yrai
'dense and numbers of them had not been pant fx to the present
day. as Gentlemen present could testify. Thus had the British
nation evaded her own act—and thus by commercial finesse and
iaintense capital had the slave trade been virtually continued in
the island of Trinidad even up to the present day ; fix it might
safely be said of every African who yet remained unpaid for, that
he never would have been dragged from his native shores, had that
Act limited, asi it ought to hare done, the final supply to the actual
demand ; which might easily have been erected. by declaring the
sale of every negro slave, for an extended term of credit, illegal."
It is singular that this fact, which must obviously have
produced ronsequeuecs so disastrous both to the slaves and
their masters, should not have been noticed by any of the
writers on the subject. We blame nut those who express
their enthusiastic indignation against the oppression they
believe to be practised upon the unfortunate negroes in the
West Indies. Every man ought to raise his voice and his
hand against injustice ; but before we condemn, we ought
to he sure we have the guilty in judgment before us. If
the distress of the slaves in our colonies has been greatly
a:Nravated by the extravagant importations made during
the three months allowed by Parliament, is it fair there-
fore to condemn the colonists, who had no share whatever
in framing the measure by which these importations were
allowed? Ought not we, the people of the I nitial King-'I
don, rather to take to ourselves the moral responsibility of i
forcing on the colonists an immense supply of slaves beyond
the natural and ordittary demand ? Mr. Burnley then
proceeded to argue the validity of the titles of the slave-
holders to their property. Ile adverted to an Ordinance
promulgated on the :loth of June, lt4oo, by the late Go-
vernor Picton, declaratory, in the minutest details, of the
terms and conditions under which the planters were to hold,
treat, and employ twgro slaves for the future. To this Ordi-
mince as their indefeasible charter, he advised the colonists to
adhere. Ile then referred to the more recent proclamations
of the sth Ike. 181.5, and the 7th Nov. Isl 6, by which
the holders of crown lauds were compelled to employ a
• certain number of negroes on every allotment in propor-
tion to its him!, and by which, if the slaves were by plague or
pestilence reducAl below the requisite number, the planters
are compelled to replace them under penalty of confisca-
tion. The lien. Gentleman then directed the attention of
the Meeting to the peculiar condition in which they were
placed as residents in a t7olony in which the Crown was
allpowerful. In Trinidad there was no interference hos-
tile to the improvement of the slaves by a nicked Legisla-
tive Assembly. Tht re the British Government haul, by I
their own act and deed, open, 11 wide the !sins fur the
iatrothiet• ai of slave", when they might have 11(111 closed
,fir ever; had since solhouly,,Tes.-ntetl the conditions under 1
which the slay, s were to be purchased, hell, and employed ;
and had compelled time planters, unit, r certain circuit).
s:anus. to purchase thou trzainst their inclination. lie
ask. d whether a single line tf the:se conditions could now
! with justice be altered by the very party who had imposed!
them, without a previous assurance to the planters of fair,
full, and immediate compensat lint for the losses the% might
sustain by the change ? Th, Ilan. Grnticu cn tlica ad-
ver hal to dn• pi csent ihhninistr.ltunt of justice aintiag the •
• staves. which, he contended, wits the best adapted to their !
capacities. As agriumitoral slaves there existed in that co.
I.)ny about 1)4,000 human befogs, distinct in colour, face,
habits, awl manners, with very little setis.• of morality- or
rel(4ion, and speaking a confused jargon of tongiica, gene-
rally rihdering the sill of an interpreter necessary when
they appeared hi a Court of Justice. 11.-retotere, the,
owners of estates, Axon 4.20 in number, haul cartels:ll the
:authority of NlagiArates on their respective estates, except
ill serious and capital vas • The:e weighty duties had
V`Cllttli I VIM lion to many negative
Itr.ViS. to which Mr. Burnley alluded, he cited the positise
prom, that sin.. the arrival of the pre, emit Governor there
; haul been I .too manumissions, One-twelfth at least of the
whole adult slave population, who. during that short pe,ioul,
Lad, by thvir o'sr. exertions, er thu bounty to- their inas-

ters, acquired sums of money equal to SOL and 100/. •strr-'
ling each.

This speech is certainly deserving of serious reflection, if
not decisively convincing in every argument. At any rate
it is of great importance as evincing the dispassionate judg-
ment formed by the colonists of Trinidad on their own
situation, and the claims they conceive they possess on the
justice of his Majesty's Government. Every intelligent
well-wisher to the improvement of the negroes must be
aware of what infinite importance is the concurrence of the
I planters in the measures pursued with that design. We
shall therefore, in conclu4ion, only call their attention
to the fact, that the shave trade was not the crime
of the colonists, but of th., Mother Country, and that
slavery has in all instance:l been established with the
• consent of the Mother Country, and in many, as at
Trinidad, for example, it has been forced upon the co-
lonists, for the supposed interests of the Mother Country,
without reference to their wishes or their will. With
these considerations on our mind, we shall ho disposed to
listen with more patience to the representations of the co-
lonists, on whom it is now too hastily proposed that the
whole burthen of loss should devolve, for continuing a sys-
tem which we compelled them to continence.

We understand that Mr. Gazelee hm received his ap-
pointment as one of the Judges of the Court of Common
Plear, vacant by the resignation of Mr. Justice Richard-
sun. The Lord Chancellor communicated to the Learned
Gentleman yesterday, that he had been raised to the
Bench.

'rite Duke of York visited the King yesterday.
Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cuinberiand is gone
to Carl bad. _ _ _

11 NUVE 11, Ji: N E 18.—Ilis Royal Highness the Duke of
Cambridge will leave this place on the 2lst, to proceed by
relzen. Luneburg, and St ode, to review the troops as-
sembled at the latter place. Ile will return hither on
the 27th.

Prince L-opold honoured the Chain:llor of the Excite-
pier and Lally Sarah Robinson with his company at dintur
yesterday, at their residence in Downing-street, where there
was a solect party to meet li:s Royal Ilig
Yesterday afternoon, at two o'clock, a Cabinet Council
was field at the Secretory of State's Office for Foreign
Affairs, in Downing-street, which was atkiiileil by the
Lonl Chancellor, the Duke of Wellington, the Earls of
Liverpool and ‘Vestinorland, Mr. Secretary Peel, Mr. Se-
cretary Canning, the thane.llor of the Exclierpi..r, Vis-
counts Melville and Sidinotith, Lord Bexley, Mr. Wynn,
&c. The Cabinet sat in deliberation till a quarter-past
five o'clock. _ _

esterday the nano* rian Minister, and the Right Hon.
Charles Arbuthnot, had audiences of his Majesty.
The American Ambassador transacted business with Mr.
Canning, yesterday at the Foreign Office. The Portuguese
Minister also transacted business fur a considerable time at
the Foreign Office.
Prince l'aul Esterlrtzy, the Austrian ambassador to the
Court of London, arrived at Frankfurt on the 21st ult. on
his way to Johannisberg.
llis Majesti's Ministers, and other official persons con-
nected with Government, to the number of sixty, dined on
iredinesday at the Crown and Sceptre, Greenwich. The
banquet comprised all the delicacies of the season, includ-
ing of course the far-famed while bail, and another dish
peculiar to the neighbourhood of Greenwich and Blackwell.

Their Graces the Duke nrul Duchess of Athol and suite
landed at Dau,7,las, Isle of Men, on Monday last, from on
board the Majestic, royal mail steam packet.
Sr; William Curtis arrived off ltainsgate on Wednesday,
in the nnina, front the Mediterranean, but as the vessel
was placed under quarantine, the worthy Baronet and
" rathcr of the City" will nut be able to visit his family
so soon as his frientlq would wish.

We understand that the vessel whielt brings home the
hotly of Lord Byron has just arrived at one of the out-
ports, and hist...on:tins will b • immediately conveyed to town
with tl.:0 solemnities due to his rank and talents.

We understand that the prays-r of the Memorial of the
Inhabitants of liridee-stre..t. Chatham-place, &c. against
the exklision of the Ititle4 of the Fleet to those places, has
been refused by the Chief Justice ^f the Coil-noon Pleas.

SOU TII AMi.n c.t N NOE P N NC li.—Tumilay, a Meet-
ing of Merchants and others Mterested in the trade to SAW)
America, convened by the Mayer, was held at the Court-
house, Leeds, to take into consideration the propriety of
petitioningliis Majesty in Council to acknowledge the in-
dependence of Buenos Ayres, Chili, Peru, Mexico, and
Colombia.—Thomas Tennant, Es 1.. the Mayor, having
taken the ('hair, said he haul convened the meeting in con-
sequence of a requisition (which he read), signed by a
number of most respectable mercantile firms, to take into
consideration the propriety of petitioning the King to ac-
knowledge the independence of certain States of America,
lately under the dominion of Spain. The meeting was net
numerously attended. A petition to his Majesty, in simi-
lar terms to the requisition, was agreed up m, and left open
fur signature by such persons as were favourable to it.
Ma. Rornscu en's litio s.—lntelligence was received
by express from Paris yesterday of the arrest of Mr. llolo-
rk by the Tuilice is the French capital, and Mr. Rothschild
had at the same time thu• satisfaction of rm.-icing back all
the bills of which he had been defrauded. The French
police acted with such decision in this uffair, that even the
Niqipolitatt Scrip, which was in the possession of Mr. Dulo-
ret, was seized as well as the bilk, and forwarded to Mr.
Rothsch:M. MrAtothschild having heard that Doloret
had an amiable and deserving wife and two children, inter-
ceded with the police for his enlarement. We under-
stand that Mr. lkuloret is highly conneqed, and that he
has a cousUn a Duchess and the wife of a French Marshal,

Pasts, Just W.—Steck Exchange, June '..]?4, five
o'clock.—The following notic_ was postA on 'Change
to-dav:--
" 3ietairs. Rothschild Brothers have the satisfaction to infirm
the bankers and merchants. that the holder of roar bills, amount-
ing together to 9,7641/. sterling, of which the pul.lic were warned,
being convinced that the pretext upon which he relied for not iris,
,rig made the payment in Loudon wns unfounded, and having
this day provided Tor payment, the drawers cal do no other than
recognise as legitimate the negotiation which he may make of
them." _ _

Private intelligence from Paris says there is no founda-
tion for the rumours which speak of a change in the French
Ministry.

A private letter from Paris, dated Monday, states, that a
Commission has been appointed to investigate the plans
submitted to Gover 1111 l en t for rendering the Seine navigable
to large merchant vess,ls, as far as the capital. There is,
Buenas, a general feeling in favour of this vsst and im-
portant unelerta!,ing. Inspectors have been appointed by
the Minister of the ?uterior to report upon its practicability,
and the plan of the deceased Minister of Marine, Fortlvit, is
much referred to.
We yesterday received accounts from Mexico, of the
loth of May from the city, and of the 1 tth from Alvarado.
The country is represented to be in a perfectly tranquil
state. The convoy of specie, consisting of 1,200,000
dollars, had arrived at Jalappa, on its way to its ultimate
destination. A schooner. named the Constitution, had ar-
rived at Alvarado with '27 pass..ngers, who are said to be
Spanish refugees. The schooner lteguala sailed on the Nth
of 3lay, for Campcachy, with the new Governor of Yuca-
tan, (Lateral Santana, and suite. Limit have been re-
ceives! by the Coutrgetors for the Mexican Loan, from Al-
varado. dated May It. Their contents are stated to be,
generally speaking, satisfactory.
Mart:Nee. Just: '2l.—M. de Manclere, Wurtemburg
rof State, and M. de Trott, oirtister of the same
power to the Diet, the first coming fr m bhannisherg, the
second from Franefort, passed throng! thi ; place yesterday,
to retuni to Stuttgart!.
Friar: roar, Jesk: 23.—Arrived here, Prince ^iota-
tale, Minister Plenipotentiary from the King of Naples to
the Court elf Denmark ; General Ilmckenelortf, Russian
Plenipotentiary at the Court of Rohm ; Count Woronzow,
Russian \! mister at Munich ; and Baron Waletstetit. Se-
cretary to the King of Sweden. It is thought that Prince
Esterhary will go as Ambassador from his Court t • Pa-
ris, and that. he will be su:ce...l,ii at Le :boa by Cce.:t.
AliPc",•

PASMOVAaLI? IVTELLIGENCE.

A IMACIL *S.—The ball on Wednesday evening was nearly as
Cully attended as any preceding one this maow. There were pre-
sent about 5010 of the /mat mom, among whom were—

Priores—Leopold, Gortchsco , and beiningen.
Drkea—Wellington and Leeds.
Derliessrs—lßeds, Argyll, Smiteraet, and Richmond.
Afurywiser—Lontlondary„ Salisbury, and Hertford.
Alurchiumerses—Londonderry, Salisbury, Huntley, and Win-
chester.
Earls—lirevemorland, Bristol, Denheigh, Ilchmter, Leitrim,
Grey, Clonmel, Kinnuul, Jersey, Cowper, and Sefton.
rnuntessts—Man.flAtl. Jersey, Cowper, !Avert. Sefton, liar.
rowby, Abingdon, Morley. Euston, Denbigh. Leitrim, Clare,
Clonmel, Aboyne, Belmore, Strstlhrooke, Cathcart, Dartmouth,
Haresood, and Mulgraye.
Lords—Clive, Clement, A. Hill, H. Thynne. Aukland, Syd-
ney, Andover, Porcheater, Herbert, Valletort, Byngliam, Ellen-
borough, Gulley, Palmerston, Ravemworth, Stowick,
Tulla-
tttore, Ternpletown, Petre, Dynevor, and A. Hamilton.
Lodier—Graves„ Murray, C. Sefton, Macfarlane, G. Fyne, Sey-
mour, Clive, C Pmtlett, A. Cnoper. G. Ryder, Ileryey, Fores-
ter, E. Posey, H. Mitchell, J. Fitzroy. Gage. A. Beckett, El-
letborough, Lowther, Clement, Ramsden, Fitzgibbon, King,
Lennox, Dynewor. C. Plumy, A. Poulett, J. Peel, M. Ikrkley,
11. Scott, Andover, Bantam, E. Finch, H. ('lair, Greyille, C.
Dundas, C. Gordon, E. Maraham, Iklickleworth, Cathcart, C.
Grey, G. Grey, Tullamore, De }tom, Poweratourt„ Pringle, Palk,
M. Ross, Legge, Ameland, J. Petre, F. Last-tiles, two Phipps
Petre, and Ilermrord.
Greville, J. Johnstone. R. Ill'Farlane, St. V. Cotton,
W. Elliot. J. Copley, and H. Willoughby.
Counts—St. Antonio, ('icoyna, Salagar, Lieven, Vendramine,
Gersdortt Levitzky, and Paul Lieren.
General Nigh.
Colonels—Elphinloone, Allen, Brand, and Leitrim.
C'optuies-31eldmey, B. Hall. Phillemore„ and Peel.
211frssrs.—lion. A. Cooper, W. Taiiple, G. Phillips, and T.
Nicholson.
Mn. U. Phillips.
3liss Eden, ecc. &c.

The Earl of Darlington gave a grand dinner on Wednesday to
the Duke of York, the l)u':e of 'Wellington, the Duke of Leeds,
the Duke of Grafton, the Duke of Rutland, Lord H. Fitzroy, Lord
G. Cavendish, Lord F. Bentinek, Sir John Shelley, Colonel and
Lady E. Lowther. Mr. and Lady C. Powlett, Mr. Milner, Mr.
Leigh, Mr. Thornhill, he., at Cleveland House, Se. James's-
square.
The Doke of Beaufort had a dinner party yesterday, at his house
in Graziv,nor-seluare.
The Duke of Grafton gave a dinner yesterday, at his house in
Clarges-street.
Sir Thomas Lerman', Wert.. entertained a large parry at dinner
yesterday, at his house in Camberland•strcet.
The Duke of Gloucester had a grand dinner party yesterday, at
Gloucester house. Park-lane.

The I)nwager 3r &Thinness of Exeter had a dinner party yester-
da at her h •use in Privy.gardens.
The 1/awager Countess of Stamford had a select party yesterday
evening. at her house in Charles-street, Berke.ey.square.
The Earl of Roslyn, Lord Alvauley, and Lady Elizabeth Palk,
had dinner patties yesterday.
Count and Countess Lieven gave another elegant entertainment
on Wednesday, at Ashhunrham House, to a distinguished party ;
among whom were the Prussian Ambassador, the Doke ut Imrser,
the Earl and Cluntess Cowper, E Gower, the Earl of Lauder-
' dale, Baron Fagel, Lnrd Palmerston, Mr. and 31ra. Agar
Ellis, Lady E. Conyngliam, Mr. !An't, &rt.
Mr. and Mrs. George Byng gave a graml dinner on Wednesday
to the Earl and Countess of .I,,rsey, 1,1,1 and Lady Duncan-lon,
Sir James 31aekintosh, Mr. Tierney, 31r. Searlett, Ilan. 31r. and
Mrs. Robert Smith, 31r. Weston, Mr. 11. Greville, &c. at their
houseiin St. James's-square.
The Earl and Conntess of Bristol gave an elegant entertainment
on Wednesday to Prince and Princess Prdignac, the Duke and
Duchess de Gniche, Emily 31archinness of Londonderry, Lord
George Rentinck, Mr. and lady Caroline Wortley, Mr. Seymour
Bathurst, &c. at their house in St. James's-square.

The t.,:ountess Bathurst has issued cards urinvltation for a rout
on Monday nest, at her house in Stanhope-street, Ma -fair.
Earl(Malow has Jett town for his seat tlan
.don Surrey.
. . . .

hoed and lady King and family have left town fortheir seat in
Surrey.
Lord and Lady Eastruw have left town for their seat, nyegate
Priory.
The Bishop of Ely and family hare left town for Ely Palate,
Cambridgeshire.
T. O. E3SECOLITt, Esq. has left town for his s.:•at, New Park,
Wiltshire.

Sir lidwitril Blount, Bart. has I'ft .311 Ber's Hotel, Jermyn-
street, for his seat, M.iieley, Shropshire.
Arrivals at the. Waterloo llotcl, JermynAtireet
Price, }.q., from finfird ; J. Iteaumnn Esq. and family, from
Ireland ; and Mr. Kennedy and family from ditto.
Mrs. Teasdile has lett the British Hotel, Jermyn-street, for
Brighton.
Arrivals at the Royal lintel, St. Jamees-street :--Mr. and Mn.s
Lewis, from Somerset; J. 11. Vivian. Esq.; Sir 11. Vivian. from
Beachwood; 1.. Edgewmth, Esq. from a tour; and Sir H. Fane,
from Lincolnshire.

Arrivals at Matte Hotel, DaverAgreet:—The Rev. Mr. and
Mrs. Dell and family. from Kent; D. Charlton, Esq.; I. T.'
Mott, Esq., and hiss 3loit, from Norfolk; Mr. wol Mrs. Parker,
from Barn. Departarus :—Tht• Right Hon. Lord Staffonl. bad,
Stafford. and the Hon. 3liss Jerningham's, fur Catetey Hall; the
lion. Mr. Jernirgliam, for Cambridge ; the Rev. Mr. and 3lrs.
Roe and family, fur Bath.
Arrivals at Fladong's lintel, Oxford-street :—Edward Protheroe.
Esq., front Daddenlen, Harts; Mr. and Mn.z !LW-tart, from a
tour; J. A. IP-nation, Eaq., from Wilford-park, Birks; John
Hodgson, Esq., (ruin Chigwell.place. Essex ; Rev. 31r. Preston,
from Norfolk; Tyrrell, Esq., and Bridges, Esq., from
Oxford. Wparturea:—.Sir 'Albert, Captain, and Miss Blair, fur
Sctnland : Sir 11. Fitriterhot, Bart., for Detbeshire ; Rev. Mr.
and tars. Philpot and tantily, for Suffolk ; W'rn. Tatnall, Esq.
and Mr*. Tatnall, for Satinundhant ; Mrs. Mackay and
fur Bath; R. O. Powell, Esq, for Wales; General Molyarailx,
for Worcestershire: Eurster, Esq.. on a tour; Nesbit,
I.tsq., fur a tour; and Captain Disney, for ditto.
Departnres from Blake's Hotel. Jernlyn.atzeet :—II. O. Warr,
Esq., for Bucks; Colonel Edward. for Bath; Marquis of Tweed.
I dale and Lord John Hay, on a tour ; 3lrs. Green ; Sir Davidze
and Lady Gould, for Herts.
