hiOVSE .OF OM OONS. •

.thk•munt Cassias: enured for, nioltabtsined laser to bring
its, • Ball to iudr•rtnit'y certain Prudes. mud Books? .s
‘eurird, arusuirrtartstly,, arsons! Poldiedtions, w ithoot
Ike printed SMIIIC •liked, as reqnared by Art of Parliso.vot.
the third Benablog A tbr Glasgow Port loosproveineust
➢ill, as AIII4II4IIIAIM urns' proposed by Lord Alt eIIIPA LD
N•nt.rov, RN mask int: the l'•oasinissiosievi made,. toe (111
Art (u trusters with Ike t't.rlw.rstio• of Glasgow for carry-
lot this %et *tato c•. coleus.

This was fipp,..oc,l by the S07.1(11 011-CYN Fa A I. of Sent-
Ilsod ; when a !Aleutian took plum, sod the CLAUS( WWI alma-
tired 31—Nuts

1.11,
kill
was the.. read a third time, and passed.
On the Order of the !hey fur goiiig into the Coasideration
of the Report of the Committee sin the Purismunth and Poet -
...ft w,,,,,r.lVorks'
Mr 11111..1 St, /I 31 en, ahlion7h, as Chairman of the Com-
mittee. to nloon the Hilt had hetes referred, he had reported
that the reguirtions of the House resp►cting Psis •.e
had hotn complied with, yet ►e did not therefore feel ►itu-
.. It IJ ml to sti Import it.—On the contrary, he considered the
on insure would he iajrtriouf, mud therefor.. Frl that the
consideration of the Krpott pas.rmed to this MI six
mouths. •
Sir THost•s \ltt.t.►x reported t►e Hill as tending to
milord a great public MARC.? to time MI/Admits of Ports-
month.

!kw 1 RONA • TraTeal orroa,rl the Bill, Dad took an Ca-
Ceplien is point ot form, that vender the ri zuktioto tltt
Ilon•r, certain oreurit a ul land' t:sruitgli w loth t lir water
was to pave, hod not had r. guhur flUtire, glt ihrir roloirot iii-
tliftrd to the Illooor.

.4diairni MARKO, A'l *trilled, slant for rogul4r notice
bad not beret green, but that thr partioi had ag.iwareJ be.
fort. thr Commit tre, mid airtified Ilu it coti%"^l.
. r. R that in Oriel f,,rus, lin Bill meet he
ern! e., tirc C..rwrithr but anCgr4ted whether SLttt
atoi a ...tilt %%bar, *bun the t oioutt was in fat vt,lituird,
thuosti out so stated.

the ITotiat divided on go* iditiiitie for pooponiug dui eis.
aider.ition of the Report, which was oegatied.
Ayes
IStov
31rjut it y
The Report of the Cymwiu,e was obeli agreed to.
Lord rol.Ksrrou r inured," l'hat there be basil before the
Mose a Copy of a Letter 1.11.1113 Mr. Merry, dated the ath
Octuher, with respect to Ogler L.vy."—Agreed to.
A motion was wade fui. a Iteiero uf the Polite
of

PARLIA NI F.NTARY REFORM.
Mr. Cuawee said, that lie inse in consequence
of a notice lie lied 'Oen, to ',lupine line of the
mod important motions that et.l.• was submitted
to the nousa—whether they cuinuldercil the feel-
ing of the country, or 11.0 ditlienit situation in
which it was placed, its isuporiame was unclean-
able. If it was possolfe fur hint to choose
Ins time, the rearm was not the is and lie
would prefer ; bid as the trclin seas there
was is necessity for submitting in some degree to
that feeling, and he considered it under lola cir-
cumstance* to be the duty of Parliament to give
energy cud effect to every measure, which, without
injuriug the public cause, was likely to conciliate
public opinion. if lie did not conceive that thi re
was more danger in not discusaing, than in dis-
cussing the question at the prearut moment, he
would not insist on the motion. lie thought it
wise and becoming in them to take into their con-
sideration th; evil* thin- were so loudly com-
plained of ; and es there wus an anpression
abroad, that the mode in. which emeriti Mem-
bers 'mind their way into the House, was
the original cause aid foundatmn out of which
such evils arose, he thought that if there wus rio
ground for the opinion, they ought to make it clear
to the public ; and • it' there was, they ought to in-
stitute Behan,. If the Gentlemen opposite lied
attended to the torpor which for some time pre.
!Hall with respu et to public measures, and
public men, they would have sewn that there wits
something amag (hear ! low !) Ile ti tasted thin
the Right Ilmi. Gentleman would riot attribute to
him any jacobillical plot ; if he did, he mold in his
(Mr. ('.'s) opinion pronounce a libel on the people.
The vote of the blouse might possibly be hastened.
the necessity of the eneastire could tun be created
lay their anxiety. For his own pert he bad always
acted in Poeliumentaccordieg to CUIIIICIeIIce. arid
with those-views which principle appeared to him
to dictate. The people had hitherto slumbered,
but they were now awake, and they turned their
eyes to the House of Commons us the legitimate
soiree hum which Reform should originete. lie
world tiek the Right •lon. Centlriiunr whether the
public rabid felt any thing hostile to 111.111, whe-
ther they telt uuiy thing lei,:ile to himself, (Mr.
C.) or those below him, with a lion, be acted : be.
thought they did not ; bethought they were of °M-
aims that Reform was necessary, and to Reform they
looked without any view to party. Looking to the
eitnation of the country, lie wialied the Right
Gent. to contrast tbe ',region feeling with that which
had manifested itself at other periods of its history.
At the conelmsiou of the American war, many
wished, or seemed to wish, for Parliametitary re-
form ; sieve that time, It appeared that tcany who
.exprinniod the wish were ant simeere in that expres-
. shin ; he deprecated any support from any ip.orter
which was not sincere, mid be conceived that the
Gumtletnen who voted with him upon that night
were pledged to the support of some specific mea-
sure grounded on the principle. lie allowed that
it wriiild be deceiving the people to tell them that
any Atheinistration could obtain peace tinder the
present cireunistaitees.—(llear ties,
quieseitig in the measure, uould lint We giv-
ing Ivey to ',Odic clamour ; it rould be grunting
a boon which the public would cintaiiily feel
and ackuowledge. Those who called for the
meastire, visited to regulate. but not to over-
throw; lie agreed it was net right to take a stone
from the bind ling. hut that was 1114 what was
iiiineetat, either by him or by the country ; their
object was to establish the edifice by streugthening
the foundation ; he %viand pass front minor attempts
to those whirl. took plare at the period of the
Revolution of Frituce ; though many Gentlemen
of great abilities and of air inteotions joined in
the cry of reform art that time. perhaps it was not
entirely consistent with wisdom to have done so.—
fie was one of those who wished tar and
terom-
mendedl it ; however, from a review of the sceires
that were passing in France, he owned that he
looked back to that period with regret : as lie
had cause to regret having attended to public
feeling, the Rigid lion. Gentlemen ought to be
(-ireful haw lie would expose himself to the ',mai-
bility of regretting what would he far Inure serious,
resisting that. feeling. There WWI a good sense in I
the people of Englioul which would prevent them
from being long deluded. The measure which /11t
had to propose would come for better from tLe
Right float. Gentleman. Ile was willing to re-
'Tien it into his hoods, if be oriuW undertake the I
task. His Majesty's Ministers were those from
witrim reform would most properly, if not more int-
Neatly proceed. lie did nut wish to vilify the
House of Commons. but he believed that there
did exist practices mid modes of getting into
that House which furnished a fair ground for
complaint.. It stands recorded. that there are
suck things as speculatious for seats. lie was told
that the Right lion. Gentleman intended to intro.
sluice a clause into his bill to prevent such occur-
renceo; that however not being the ease, he thought
the House was bound to go into the Committee
which would be proposed to-itioriow ; for either
they should assume the fact that such reform was
not necessary. at they should go into a Cum-
nitttee to ascertain it. With respect to the
judges, he believed thin no person* were raised
to such situations, without being duly qualified
and adapted to the high office. He haul Block-
stone's authority il. his fusions. Ike proposed to
change nothing ; he only wished them to do, what
Parliament had alwaisya done, to meet the cor-
ruptions complained of. He entertiiiiied a high
opinion of Mr. Grenville's Act. It was riot his
...ot to utultiplk oaths in generals hut he del not
think that the Constitotiou of that House was such,
that the Meiabeni who counter/surd it were of such a
fit •erlpflOti, us to resider the • Itiplieatime in the
present hemmer, attended with slit danger ; ht,
dill suppose that the public morals were so sap-
; that the sense of reelltill, 111.11 die
tor honour acre so effectually extinguished. he

.

would mei, that the country was gone; for 10
those morals, to that feeling, mid that principle,
flowed all its greatness. LI other countries, where
e people were degtatled to slavery, those qtailitiot
sere extinct, but wherever they existed, shivery had
a stoats cempention. No 'Alma could contend that
an oath would not be biudiug upon that assembly,
An oath therefore he would propose, disavowing
the purchase of a scat ; he ointlel also tinewst a
penalty upon the person who meld it. It would be
necessary to hold out a strong temptation to per-
sons who would inform in such eases; and what-
ever temptation was considered itevessary„ he 1.,441,1
be wslliug to hold out to then,. Mill 1.11,34114
some Littler to prevent ha ibery lifter elections, WI
Well .ms before. lie iiiiderstatal, it ..,es objected,
that if Itefortn took place, end purchase ens ex-
cluded, the country would liee the assistatire of
many able turn ; lie did lint thick so. Nlr.
was broo‘lit 100 the llamse by tabu.
influence—the reputation of his abilities ; iltvae
was an instance of a lady who ous offered I°,oool.
for a seat, but she said site hail never dene so,
wt.; now too old to begin. Ile thmaght tout tho:
same feeliag which directed church prefertuests,
to which -incompetent meal wire itot• istlvarced,
would regulate the people in tiler choice of repre-
aeotutives., No rasa was *more attached that Le to
the prerogative of the Crown, hr tbotight it at-
cesiairy to the liberty of the people; but at the
same time thud he was attached to the true t•onsti-
tutioual prerogative, be was averse to the influence
and patronage which had 11011 malt towel, eNt c,,;
it had eh-rail: appeared upon the Journals, that .ugh
influence lea etiereaseel, was increasing, and ought
to be diminished ; and so far from suffering City I e-
duction vice that time, it had been an a Mete of
progressive advancement. He (114./ far ?rots depre-

fat leg am ttttt eree, but the great prevailing iiiterest
iii this country ought, in his opinion, to be the lanti-
ed interest. 'ln. very letting of u Peer alit ditierCl,t
from th:•st of a Commoner : Peers louktug opus' the
Crown at the sourer of their existence, WWI, C,.trl-
moners looked upon the people. He world Kayo.,
to exclude a great portion of the monied interest ;
be suust say. that they had a iliterent feeling freiu
the landed interest: they were mare to
ear. brought with at contracts, interests, &c.
by which the monied interest profited, but it brought
with it tuxes Which fell upon the landed intere.t,
who were tbererare averse to it. Public Lu-
cius often 'lid a lost private indivaluals would he
ashamed of. This was senitigly elucidated% lien peat e
was annouticed at the Exchange, amid was IC-
lTired with evident syutpt of olisopi4)llllment
and regret. If they ngreed in perolittint his
motion, and in adopting it alien propowil, there
would int lie 'suet) an tort after the mono-
poly of trade ; there would not be such a struggle
to maintain it at the expense of tenet and aunity
with the would. It would restore the churacter of
the Hume, it would put at end to places, I,enisiolis,
and sinecures ; it' it did not remove the public
burthens, it would give rise to confidence soil enii-
tent. He did not agree with those who thought
that public men were corrupt ; but while the Bo-
rough mongering system coutittutd, public men
were degraded and the coutirieuce of the people
lust ; those who would contend for the corruption
of Finlike men, he mould refer to the reign of James
11. when they would find that many who 'slid. r f min
could do nothing, proved themselves to lw lititioui-
able end well-iuteliding men under another gc-
verinuent. It was u misfortune indeed, if that
House could not distiuguish between *runless
and obstinacy. At ibis intiment it was mole
particularly uecessery that they should mete, tied
in uniting carry the people with tli-mo. Ile would
say, that though' they night not succeed in put-
ting an end to jobs; though they might r:ot soc-
cerd in
lightening the public ),t thews, yet they
would ucquire the public citiffidetice. He wus
faeourobie to the principle of immediate taxation ;
it wus that which was most consistent with true po-
licy. The present Alinisters, however, shrunk Irmo
it, as too difficult; they bad a ileg-tin rid a broom
tax, which produced nothitig its point of revenue,
but ass well calinilated to produce discontent...-.
Some time ago Mr. Pitt promised to alter the salt
tax, which bore heavy on the prior, but hie pronnse
was not acted on. Such were the real abuses, such
were the crimes, that led to the alittudians of the
confidence of the people, so tit cessary et this mu.
ment to our preservation. lie regretted 111,1 t a reu-
sure tnoved against a Noble Lord had not oreceerl-
ed ; it was due to public opinion. lie was happy
to bear it said, that it was in the contemplatuni of
Government to grant a pension to the reiations of
a late Commander: lie approved of it highly ; it
would soothe them under their loss, to receive en
acknowledgment of the merit of the departed
in that tribute of public gratitude. He asked
whether the Parliaments which was elected
by the cry of the Church is in dattger,"
was likely to posses* the confeleuce of the conii-
tr) The cry thiut ens now abroaii, should
be met directly; it assout to be answered liy
spCeiel pleading; by inciting it as it ought to
be met, they• would multiply the • resource.
of the rouutry ; they would not have to de-
pend tuerely upon the army and navy, but upon
the w hole people ; then the Throne and Consti-
tution aoand have their foundation in the hearts of
all ; they would lie cherished and protected as the
sourcesof prosperity amid independence. Ile cot,-
eluded with ',soviet; lot leave to bring in a Lill for
.4 the further prevention of bribery cud mieruptiun
at elections, and truffieking for seats in Parliament."
Mr. WINDHAM said, that it was not necessatv at
'mill times to inquire the precise grounds upon which
any lIICASUre Wish recuseired in the first inatance ;
the preview, however, wits wile which farmed a kind
of exception to this rule; the principal leading
Fround upon which it was rctiontrieudeil, ought to
br nuderOttoil: and hr must erodes*, that from his
opinion of the ground., it ought to be as it were
ton-suited, as nut entitled to a hearing. The pro-
position of Parliamentary Reform tient not only
to produce great ult.-iations. but gnat changes in
the coustitutiou of t loicrittnrist,*time-tetiths of the
lieforiners would wish reformation tit this extent;
they go upon premiiiptimet, they get an thew! ; ow,
•insterid rf iir,t skeane; the esil, cud then tarring the.
remedy, Ow% wools! lipid) to it ; thee lower.' a ith-
nut kir oilier C ttttt 146401441 111:01 01:11 of
It would itt well tutiu,nsilts whistiet any olter3non
nu Ilse present op,lemg3 lis4 liwhlii,a greafrt
aids thee it could cotrect. 6.4 yi tIA 4.01 pato.

-.

. •
ttalii ebjetit or the Bill seemed to be the reduction
of the monied influence, but he would object in the
h.st instance to bearing the cause at ell, it lets not
iutitleit to is sliecesiiints. These mad, wild, (lunge:r-
at:4, riiiechieripue, and deetructive Reforms pro-
. creek mg eon the rights of mutt ought certainly ro be
thee .tetienced ; by their adoption the ruin of the
emintry might Ise sealed ; a question naturally sine.
itself here,would the alteraumi proposed satis-
ty the people i Slime reformers went upon the mil-
'Verret right of voting ; other, hail other opinions ;
their vices were in fact so diecordant, that it was
iimentsilde to reenticile them. The Huth Gesitlentan
pro' peeed rev give the lauded interest is preference
• preilinuienitev over the monied interest : that
11;1•21t di) tree well to us. who have landed iiiterest,
Litt it wnitki mint answer fur us alto have merited
interest, tint for us who have min money at all.
They should not permit themselves to be led 'may
hr so wilt' a drestim The Rill 'professed to do sway
leentigh-motigering, and all epeeies of (maul:-
; lie to• know whether it was it,-
tended to tlii away property also ; !hitt would be
retsweary, in order to do away all species'of cote
rooms ; for property would continue to fusee an
influence upon ismitkiiiik and it was not by coev tie
tem it °vended ; there was the argasnentum ad lb-
,,.item. the argaweatisai at/ absurdum, and 1w did
led know how they could du away the arguireemtNxe
a rerdali; the landlord would have air intlueisre
ever hie tenant, and that according to the 'strict
sutra pretation was corruption ; it was an infinciire
ditli-reut front that which should actuate men in
tile choice of their representatives, yet there was
tin erent crirnulality •iii it ; he himself, by a charge
teem the treating itet, lost the representation of the
...Maly of Ninhilk, and he was certain that he was
free tour every bail motive, and was not chargeable
wi:li any breach of probity or honour: he would no
see such al state of things if he could. The monied •
ititerest gained its present height by the prosperity of
the eipii tory ; we owe it to the rest increase nfwttalth
in the midst of that dreadful poverty of a Inch we
are compliiiiiime. Too little would be effected by
i.e mettle of the meernre, it would lead to the
adoptive of...them; if once introduced, they would
be enquired, upoo their owu principle, to go ba-
ttier. It e as eau!, that reftirill was bee. *sari, Olt
leralatit not the existence of corruption in the eo-
t ertiteciit. That he denied. It was mid that it
was necesetry, in consequence a *list oliiwured
in the late itivelnigution. 'that lie denied. Nothing
et the comer of that investigatioti eopintenunced
the eliaree of corruption against the ( lo%ertsinent.
Ile would eeeli to seethein point out the special evil,
and then utility the remedy. Ile would make eon
vernark with respect to the different periods ui
• Lich, as hie Hine Friend hiel said, the spirit of
trfonn was high ; at the conclusion of the American
war, tied at the time of the French resolution; these
were pencils when the mind of the country was
convulsed mail agitated ; from them, therefore, it
. was tot safe to take exam pie ; he could not approve •
of - theft blind infatuated inailitese *Melt. iu itt-
tem le mg In destroy corruption, might produce the
etieet orpmilling the Goiter mt to piece*.
Lord Foieverotte--.“ Time question as to the
existence of corroptiou is, 1 think, already set-
tled. and therefore can 111:l%r nothing to do with the
Helton ; and I shell address myself, therefuce, en-
eSeety to the neuter before us. My Right Ike.
Friend below me (Mr. Windham) has argued this
as it iptestion of • Parliamentary Reform, and that,
therefiwe, the !Inure ought to reject this Bill fur
iireventrng bribery and rorroptinm hecause it is
one of the first seeps toward,. a reform in Par-
lesineetary representetion. New, Sir, I look
u: on the, 'tomtit' motion, as entirely unconnected
with tilt our 9:111.:11 statuds upon our order book, at
t.. ratlialailitary reform; amd when that contr.:
befuro us, it will be tune enough for our to endea-
vour to %hew why that question of Parliammitely
reform otedit to lie adopted. I should wish that
my Itieliell-bui..Friend, before he takes tippet him-
self to reject a motion, would euusider wind the *store of it
really is. this me anion them hose been mown' plan-
ts'' noised In lab m n hit to I cannot help nootieisur He 51y5
this measure as brought Conant as a change iu the 'astern
of elections, and, as such, will be readily adopted Soy all those
inelined for Parliamentary reform ; hot I would ask him,
if we (wasn't ell one statutes upon this Ivry subj.-et, will
ust and that they had is Mender ekret is view %
St as mot that object to prevent bribery and corruption !
It is to change not of the spirit of the Coo iii a t atlas," but of the
practice of It ; and it IS because the conniption' now com-
plained ~f, had nut novo staled sooner. that such a mo a-
sure has nut bevoi sooner ti.ought forward. Henys.lltat the
toon• nee of property is at dui( curriapt iou, bat I never could
look upon it in tbst loaLt, ad yet I would he the last man
that would think of doing away the power, which arises le-
gitimately loom the indutoice of its at property..—Every
'ramie spun this subject sets North, that it is is prevent
bribery sold eurruptioos; last it ear mine meant to prevent
She legal inflowisw (+retyped!. I sh-/I now oats any kuosled4e
• the 8011, whirl, 4 lilelyto he broaght furiend in runnel-peace
of this mutton. The Chancellor of the haboauce introduced
a Bill fur the purpose of preventing the traffic and sale of
Seem, as there was lately discovered to he a species of
• Walk pin. out %shads was illegal arid cermet ; time, was
afterwards discovered to le a traffic also far ;demi iu this
!loose. It now twine a notorious fact, that there a >dated in
it., Treasury a sort of market at the beginniug of every Dew
Paolinnsent, where perv•atui enabled to influence boroughs
did comae and teethe fur the sole of that influence, by
which mease ractividuals gut Into that House clan. were
Not independent %hauliers of Parliament, but hosed to
• .
vote as Government might direct. iVhett I brit men-
et cd these CII-cststritauces, there was a disposition on the
other Aide to deny it; and on its being persisted ie, there
was a attempt at roll-animation. (hi that seireiset„
meant to busy propustd, in the C iiiii mime upon that
8011, a clause to torrent Elsa this last species of traffic;
and upon fey stating soy idention, I uudervi,a4 11).- Bight
Hon. thaticains. In fisointe, that he scull goes sera sit
instance in regard to such a clause being tutrodueeel, tt hen
I understood Ibis present motion was to be code, l withdrew
my intention of proposing each a claims; but if the hoe.*
nom (lent opposite refuses his assent to it, I confess 1 do
not see 111:111- be tan reconvile this eio:,iluct with 16% mfr.
The flied Ilan. tient. who smote last, says it is mode 'Ake n-
ines to suppose, that those to:!ing sit nations is Goren nowise
du haftc w such seals Pula I.llcrt‘ted molar' boot I say it
is sudieiriot that we hare evidence Is fore sis that they du traf-
fic is mats in Parbalowast, fur the pm pose of ioog rh, it
Aolosioistentius. I ask, a heftier this loc consist( at a,ti, the tibia.
raider w litch Perliament mingle. du maintain, mod the cowl upi-
mon t`ae public ought ha hereof us, or cumi,tent with all the
• lav • ila.st have Imes Lb:Rica upon this very subject a 1 hese
I how:, coin; to 'Olt, it is quite itopiiisilik float the
441.1 WAIL till it eyes, and refure their assent to the in-
t, oninetion of a 11.11 croot sio grins bud 'saleable_ a tar-
n:l4lmi 'the Hight Hun. tient oho (opposes it, says olio
&tint some 1111Va.Urti; denial 1:46 milvtleil. 4;; urcount
f the roils to .hick they are likely to give rise. la m 1.,. I
in. evils, on it is neither a step towards Parl amentary
Reform, not ea Oufritotasent ua the mode of vkciiu.i ; but
I think it will be an etfcctual remedy in Clectionse,
web all oar Aets sod the spirit of the I unstitutiom in the
• times• 'he have upua uw Journals sail Statute Souks,

_:„.
Art. nzaiort Plitemesi and Pensioners Laving Seats in Par-
liniment; now, if it be iuroosistent teal) the independence
of Parliament, that sod( prrinms should bare orate in thin
noose, how much re dangeruus is it to have persona
who are bound by tunae secret eartspact, or unknown Or,
to vote with the Slimmer of the day; he alto tiny%
that it is to correct cede that one hot proved to exist. Now
if these era's be denied, only give as the steam of pairiag
them and we will J.. it. The same flight Hon. Gentleman
to.ik o r..iuu to enlarge upon what he calla papally clamour
amid pomilar feeling, which he says grew no with the French
1t,.V..1111 ~,,,, amid 'dill exists in the country. la this too, I
must differ from hint, for I ace none of that with for change
in the people of this country, a hie' he *llea s to; OD the eon'
teary, the) see tou well the iln niers that arise, from the WNW.
mous of the Freuib revolution, sot to writ to Brutal it 111 this
emanuy. The people believe, however, that there is rue.
ruplion eziatiug in lists House, and that an 'iodise and ita-
ptoper nitiuracr exists, which prevents the House doing its
duty ; and fur my tern pert, emiceive that there hare
bent instaneis, that here pawed during this session d Par-
liament, that give us good remora to sitspei t total entrap_
tioss.--.11 the Hume nisi* to grant them that remedy
required, whirls is small for them to grant, but great fur
theui to receive, Idu think it is JI be doing more to drive
them into despair, and make them look to other remedies to
obtain redress, than any thing 16x1 eoul.l possibly be dune
Th. rc may he dltbrulties in framing the Billie question,
amt.-rim it may be ((Hind to be niclfra tool ; but still I IWO'
WC 1•41 I di. min le,. than grant what is stow ',Astra, inert to
bring it iu, that we may see the remedy the Hos. 51uver pro..
_ _

31r Pracr• A t.—" The Noble land why spoke last has
curved to what happened aspen a former occultist, and has
expressed his doubt as to Ism 1 rim reconcile my conduct,
shook 1 oppo4e this measure, with that conduct which
focus • ely adopted. Now. I do sot think that be accorutely
records what passed upon the occasion I.e alludes to. Ile
states that he sugeested a elanse to the 111111 introduced, in
tinier to ratted its provisiom to prevent trafficking fur seats
in is true thst he gave out ice of his intention to
I propose such • dense, but all I stated was, that it he del
so I would give it a candid and nimertiul cionsideratimi,
and would ettilenvour to say bow far any vies he bad tskest
of the subject wouhl he applicable to the one thee before
the House, and ascertatn if it sunlit be practicable soul he-
arth-int. I secorilingly had turned it in my nised behia-Ale,
mid was prepared to give an opinion epos the sashject if be
bail not w Withal/to his I.:uproot dense, in coassequeme
of as. Hon. Gentlenviii (M.. C ; having staled that a .irrupt
practices of Om amine metaled iu all artiomigtratio..s.
cannot conceive that upion that uccasioa when noel, a charge
was nut eddressel to nue, but as merle against the Govern-
ment of which that HMI. Gre&ltlePlAll ass hianeella Member,
I had aright to et ate anythirm that could amend to ass :ohms
final or confrmiun of it, nor is it iuferrablc, that because t do
not rouse forward imiseittately nigh a driblet of at, that that
too is ea admissiun "(the justice of the 'emote I merely
stated that I supposed that lion.eient. from lite applysag such
an accusation azamst all governments drew his niftwou'on
limn that gortrnmeat with which he was best emptaiated ;
and if it could he cussidersJ lei grave a topic of charge, it was
extremely strati* he never thought of cenectin4 it when he
bitneelf was in the Adminetration. The has sees note tailed
recrimination, awl thereliire to sanuuot to • CO•fraitta of the
exiatenee 4 that con optima so alleged. Although I was pre.
pared to give an imam teal opinion as to the eimme the Nuble
Lord intended he hetruduce into Val, yet I multi say lon
unable to do so as to the Bill Pall proposed by the Hon.
Gentleman, limit I Mimi what he proposes to do ID order to
effect the object he has an view. 1 will sass, 11,,,at'ore.
&oriole In oppose Its present MOWS fur the sotrodnetem
of this. 8011, in order that it MST be remained with impar-
tiality. Bin lii . not swan by this to he giving nuy opinion
se to its merit*' nor to pledge 'eyed( to sup eort it. The
He Mover buss deprecated the notton of using say aspers-
Phut is his speech that would Irid to ratite nr au;risinet
the popular Hammy; and he has roue on to orate, that
there is 4rliticiate well-silvuted opinion he the public
mood, that a Parlinimmtury IP...farm is necessary , and he
has at ilw mime five mintitooril me not to glee that popnlar
clamour the character of jneishissical prineiples. I aka not give
to that clamour, our to in* conduct, any character of that
kick, bat I thiuk I must enlist hiM iu tuy ranee, atom, I
myths, wadi a charm-taw fur ,j.iesibibical pAireipka may lie,
with mom degree of justice, given to matins peewee, whose
opinions can only he collected lay their 'peering asset truth'.
timer spun a late accedes. lie must join me in 1141. mg,
that they were dam salsa torten to intiame the minds of the
people, and to induce dens to look to Pailiamentary Re-
Ism, as a tuner id telievissg theist from burdens wish the
war mai the niefortioe s of the world, and we Partinuimit,
bare "mailed lawns them. It is aloes such false and
sive site that rhararterintajacubinisui. noir!) 1 ii*VP has
Leen notlaieg hut foul play sopa the public mind. We cancel
read uuc of their speeches, our noll of their elmotetione, sa
a inch or ems see scut invents that any one vauald 'rehire to
alter in thin Ilunee, htc shoe here they know this would be
nil t Ly fair arguments. They bare described this Prelim
and nt as the sulk of corruption, and the only place in Eiggiaud
e lore tho people nee disregarded. It is the same thee( as
billow the p eple that Parlialueinary liefatio sunlit have
presented the Indic of Turk Leephie a mistress. iibienite
persons were thus led to supp-se, that certain plicesucii
pensioners toe sitti .g in this Homo, earediary to the Act of
Settkmewt and thu principles of the Coustitution; rhea
those who made the übservethon to thesis know well, that
the Act they 01111.!‘: to was ponied is 17110, and repealed ID
ij• ,1; and as it was a law that was not to take plire 'id alter
the Bruns...irk Family Cala, to the Throne, it actually never
hail existence. 'flume arc the means by which the imbibe
mind is intlanied,RlMi such are the means by which the Hun.
alenober must have Atilt tied what he calls the public op.nion.
tAith respect to his propositiou, it must necessarily be •Isub-
jest for future ilisciusii.si,after he has laid his plan before the
Homo. I understood it to be the :Administering an wide
lemma oath to the Members 4 Parliament, the iiin.cting a
penalty on preP.IIIII I.OIIIIC and no persons baying seats in
Perhatainst, sod an istrusion ui the law of bribery, so as
to cutripreheud a larger period of time, so that twittery may
be said to le c ~,,, mined after dm election as well as Le-
fore Now, Ido admit that a measure to prevent the mw-
✓upt proreriog uf seats tii Parliameat, is, iu its title, ones.
mpg iunable, and therefore it wetaid be but fair to give him WI
opportunity of Wolfing it ill I* that the Howe may have
an opportunity of &remade( it. The Has. Mover shish this
is not she whist prom... time to disease a sarasure of This na-
ture, mid I Cannot disagree with lento 111 that seutinieut, for
ant ~, ,eh I do um think it is the most ciniecnient, yet I du
iirlia‘r that the greatest ea il is these growing wentimessis
o Melt he my• prevail arises oat of the 'skate of Parliament,
sod leaving suck mirsilions for popular discussion iu Indium-
matory papers. .1 fall earl lair dimossion of the subject of
l'arlianiestary Reform at this time will be more likely to
prodoes good and settle the public Deed than soy utter
mash- of coedit: t.
Mr Popeoe BW expressed his aatiafeetion at the support
whirls the Night Ilea. Geutleman oa.mite bad given to the
motion of Wm lion. Friend, and hoped that lie snail tee the
propriety of garrotte( him threngliout the detail of his
proposed plea. He dud thigh it wee highly improper is
sup person to endeavour to ratite public expectation, nod
raise as interest in their own favour upon subject,. they most
he 'stifled they email never obtain. From web base acts
ID these lie hoped he should IIVIT be free.
Mr. Fu Lean rose to apologise to the Honor, for the in-
terruption which he had gives to a Right Husiourable Gen- ,
I k man (Mi. Windham), whose eucellent seatioculs had had
11%14.11 an effect epos his feelings that be timid not restrain
thara—hoeuarabie failings %hid. had been enjoyed by his
family, two eeflilltltt, as well as by hinatielfe-:'4l
Neither ita.l he soy idea of unending the Right Hunorsrable
illetitlemait to the Choir : be always defended him in the Ple-
a-mein of his duly, and alto against the attacks of those
a wrote itt,aa..i —("A cr.,/ of Qs/shoe.' OPP 41411!)..
..WILII then,' said illy Honourable Member, " I will speak
to Hie (flotation. "I here is an much sweerisig sad perjury n.
it, that 1 rill hese tiothing to do with it, se( thew.,
shall immediately guts the House "—A general lough emit-
cri, iota the tionourateetientleinan retired.
Mr. H•WIIIN1 BROW %II einiahlercil the teet which
die Memorable Mover proposed iseatiaissable, Ilse
uwa-
sure itself unnecessary, as eareptine did nut mire knee the
rout of laws 1.1 poiiieh, Mariano the exiesiag lam lint being
put no force. He hardly knew what he Harsemeable (kn►
llamas isstcuded to propose, but whiter's it might be, he

will

. .• . i
would *prise tt:2(4 Joan tiatildltblalte4l As greatest
temptation In the wield man to paltire hisisplf, us •
seat in Parlianfent was eat of illdhhimars, and would
be the meansof ',ulna*. now or ila must worthy "ea-
item He thouelit the Hamm could Jut pot a negative spun
it too Sooq, and would therefor* oppose it .n the drat %-
stance.
, . . . .
• Mr 11a•GO, B 71012111. eeritrillti;e4 of the mintier is
which this rthestiou had been treated : it Alltlilell rutted
with caber nutrient with whieh it was sinticiiii•clir4, Bed he.
Awe it was explaiWed, lied been onomicod iiiiplactieclile.
Noticed had guise slotted, that tunes in whirl! we Lye
were pnetienlarly chargeable wit corroptitio • it; 'notion,
its his °pillion, rotild be wrre.malliunded . lie'lliiiuglit the
114111. Gentleman too iimignief of the effect his inemnre
would have type the midair:tithe people, whom it a mild oast
in the least trod to quiet. His Right Hum . Felted I.Mr.
Windham) lord taken the alarm too sums at this IllelltPlll'o, sta
being one fur Parliamentary Refrm, and that there was at,
political wisdom in opecoieg it. ?in reisein could possibly
exist, *by tiring **old sof bu attempted to he remedird, if
wrung be proved to exist. .11141.r011.‘td 131,1111111 re VIM MI holly
d stool /rum that difficult quednis of Parliamentary Refueua.
Auy tlimg which scent to iiiric,e,e Ministerial itigisee, m
give them acerssioo of strength, ought to be checked, and
they should nut he satisfied taith being told ..very thing was
going un esti, thut all was right, or that the suLyei t should
he dropped because it was co/elected with Parliamentary
OHM in. He thought Gentlemen might fairly MO roue their
strong power of giving reeonimeuilatiohs at elections, hut
that limy ',mold not be allowed to tern tivit power into a
twcamiary consideration. Hr did wit mews to pledge him.
self to any ',critic object. but with-do affecting to sec the
t :tent of the evil iutetnlerl to he remedied, or tire Suture of
the remedy to be applied, he would watch oyes the proceed-
ing., mid govern himself accordingly.
Mr. tVd• Ad ITH supported the motion. If lie were asked
if be avowed himself a friend to P -rhamentary treArriu, he
should propose the whole course of his hie as nu auswer ; nor
could he coercive what right there existed to errors his
opinion in its favour, when it wit, secollectiJ I hnt such great
characters MI Mr. Pitt, I.ord Chatham. and Mi. Fox, bail at
different periods avowed themselves friends to the mea-
sure. And WMII.I the moor rouitnts of the present day
set themselves against such names, except they were at
the saute 11.1.*C prepared to assert that such lIICIS were
insincere in the .pi 111.39 Clary ndvaored ' Either they
had not duly weighed the grounds of ilir °pillions they
had prowitilented, or else, if their npininue were limiest, they
should have the weight der to such luthority. The present
ohjeet was not intruded as un attack uu the House at Imre,
it was ratio r aimed at classes, or eves intirainitsy the latter
was, a task painful in it. itAtttr.: and ditremlt le its perform-
ance, het at the same time, when necessary, lieu ever puede!,
it must be eutrred into, mid the duty discliared.
Mr. WtwOliA33 said a few wool' is 0W611404/3, that the
aceusatiot he bad made were truer'', aud not applicable to
itidivirksals
. . . . . . .

Earl Tgoetr declargil, that whether fruits what might be
called hereditary fee !tog, or individual ski:tin:cid, Lc eyelet
uot but be attached to the prioripleil of what was called the
Greuville Act; and as suet lie could nut but agree to the
present oilitiou. He WaN the more anxious fur it, as he cos-
aiikrtil it the means of taking sway all cause or oeceavity of
calling for Parliamentary Refocus fiaui without, by shearing
that that House aua itself ready to 4o:del-take the business
hied. Looking, therefore, to the Ix:article! of Holy to
be produced boot it, he gave his hearty assent to the inottuo.
Mr. Csuirtv hrietly replied. In birm!ing forward the
',rearm prupteiitiOn be utterly dig/claimed all poly motives,
and repro..tedasit the t widget of such as lest the weight and
authority of their 'lamer to metier:a, which might he mis-
taken to their objects, and daugerous in their riniseilueistali
He eiinee.red the measure be prupua.d, such as should
setisfy ill reasouishle Innis, anti that the SUppairtyr. set it
might be said to deserve wet of their country. tt ilb re-
spect to the language held out by Alleif cr., he eunCeiteit,
that if the secvssity of the immures proposed were denied
by them, they ought not with any view to conaisteney agree
to Isis motion 3 on the contrary, if that utressity eerie ad-
mitted, he should hope at least fur their assistance.• There
was one point Slush b • int, ntioually Havant to avoid, aud
that sag, the svggilatitgo. under *hat was tailed lee
tag Art.
The W*oll then pot, for Mier to bring in the Bill,
which was agreed to with uuly a few itouientiog

PUBLIC DBEAViLTZKS.
The finheszlestent Bill was lead a veriond time.
%Ir. Pi Itet J. UN< Citll tor the prioriple of the Bill,
rn.tkotx thoit eitusinal which might he satisfied by a end
petialty.
stir Jour Ni WIPORT sapportrd the u:tcsa:ty talictiii;
mi.li.hincott uu &flutters, as tle remedy was nut Wearied
tor the norrecti..l of honest meu alto :sight aaaolverteatly fall
is eswrettucas. "1 his necessity a.ts more appurest by ad-
vertisof to the rest. whorl had latieiy UCCAlfltd.
M!. Peßcmv&t. expresud hi. apreheitsimia, that them
enialkfor pouislostat might reader the teroo of the Balt to
be eitended too far.
Mr. W. WTxxt supported the seensity of the provisioes
011ie Bill.
It am thee ordered to be committed to a Committee of
the a :Kite llusiae ton %Vela:6day cost.
Mr Secretary C• ataG muvnl that there Iw laid before
the Home, Copies of tbe dispootelics of Mr Erne to Mr. Se-
crcta►y Canning, of the Je•h Nov. I sisti—of alike dispatch of
the AAA Noeruiber, I autiat-and of the letter oaf lite. John
Moore to (atonal Stai.ort, of the 19th Nortmisu
Ordered.
The barer Bounty Bill was read a third time mid passed ;
as was the Prize Goods Bill.

The Newspaper litscuaat HiU was gone through in Com-
mittee.
The Exchequer Dills bill was also passed in a Commit-
tre.—Adjimmed.

COPY OP • LETTER EILONI I.IIELTES A t-GENERAL
rIII JoHN 110ORli, TO THE Kitair HUN. JOHN
lloolt.HAM PIERE.

(Orihreil by the [louse of Commons to be printed,
May 1, limy.)
&demises, Doe. 6, nor.
Sift—l neglected to mention to you, in my letter
of this (lite, that the Central Officers

bud been with

me, who are imutioned in that • extraordinary paper
which you scat we with your letters of the Minh of
November, signed by.
The two Oriserals reamed to me to be two weak old
men, or rather women, with whom it was impossible
fir we to concert any military operstious. had I
been so inclined, The only persons with shoos
such operations coo be concerted at present, are
the Generals who command the armies; not men
like these two, who had, 1141 information 11p011
which such 1161111 can be framed, except the
Otlicial Papers. always iucorrect, which have been
given to them front Public Offices. Their coo.
ferences with see consisted in questions, and iii as-
sertions with respect to the strength of ditirrent Spa-
nish Corps; all of which I knew to be erroneous,
and they neither knew that Segovia or Sonnisierra
were in the hand• of the enemy. I shall be obliged
to you to WIC ens from such visit*, which are very
painful. I mentioued to you, in my letter of this
day, that I hail hod a letter from the Junta at M/1.
drill. My instructioms direct that all my ammo-
Mentions with the Spanish Goverumeut shall go
through you, and I should be very happy, on every
account, to comply with them ; but I do not see
how this can be, if you continue at andajos. I
however, sand you copies of thew, if yow
wish it. Have the honour to be, &e.
(*gruel) Joust Moons.
The Ritititllies. J. fl trace.
• \at transmitted.


111F4111

.

`y.

•.• For Coen Ncws, lA.. Le. ON Ihr INSI Opt*,

l'i44-elAR•i'tISll P_RE42•,-
, • ifaxrpN . . • rry
i'lllDAtliAi S. •)•,. •
• • !I,_ a -Ae.- .
A Mail from the Brazijs arrived yeeterdiy. Wit,
.1. .ofi du out understand that It has Istotight iiiiymeiSs :ll ow-
.
importance.- • i
• el 1 . . -
The Treasury Journals of yesterday rein{{! 't,
their attack upon 144 Piitcts Bektivrt it'nfr.
~.ra
Meeting ou Monday tit the L! roliti and A tairbor Tao ,„,
•
t On I.'etinestlay they qiietesl sooner .Oaks,
a heir of the Baronet, es efiliernre iguiust thi a
sincerity of the coiletitiotionil rind loyellatif.vioaze
a ,
which lie ti,„doilm„„iiiiy, tot :...„,.41,..0„...... r hot
some of these now iogia ',object* am! ivr:terS wear, •
a few years back, in the list of those Alums Mr.
Butts deunsiiiimated .' incorrigible JoCb' ri0,.."--
In their numbers of yesterday they quote .4ptitist
the Banieet and his principles the follintoig per-
sage from the works of Cooper?. at the dude
when that political Impostor occupied the graded/
upon who It some of the Treasury IVfiters tune
staii,l ; that is, when he too was an ontrigeotirily
loyal 'object. In his works of these former tante
he says,—
" They 044, IrteArniers) tell the tower dames ofth• ttlieeeis-
oily newish yO.ll to enjoy liberty, without which no people
wax ever enlightened. We are fold pee ore useduentd AO
imams-eh we Mai you to be idaeateil—ssol post seerolei OW
proved by the most rapid et' all instriseturs—a rued peps.
meat. Examine peor,a6l, mil onestively the plan Fire/sem
we now submit to you. It is thee, that Chit ontetierine.kni
of staidies ever Awl their slay to the KcarlS of the feepee
damn of the sun sully ; tiny latter their natural lodina-
tion% whirl is ever to attriWit• their mut and ntiVlbetnne.,
itlsMh me wmaally so Ric Ta then the tot of hailiaany, or ilot
amulet coosegoieetee of Ibeit ewe lettere. er prisJigery,
re rise errori ee wiarkeesess litf Mont wee vale ever thew.
" The eagerness of this Ica (of r,10.-a;e,t) t.. ottt..:* K
participative in the trade of law-ritivg, wee to be .11.. mute -
than as introduetory step Rennes a participate* in noneen• _.
this; the. They great cause of diorooteel Cam, they were
poor, tr.,:re ..one of their I.e /bean me rich. '
" I shoal/ thiuk rayerlf ills weft slopil ass .hlt ever -r
tweeted • th.stfe, were I le doling one moment as Io the
mit • if the onjeet ter at lam haft t4etri,...9frke 4,.....e....
•' The ostensible object or the United Irishmen, like that
of all ether Gimrp,rs, trues the beginning of the world hi ;he
present thy, It •s A sultesistfrion 111 TUC Got oraostesir
or roma Coe • i as."
Such are the words of Cosier,. but with what
renames-mu the tergiverautinn, aiw•tbrey, and lune-
ttes* of this old political impostor, lie r.sited upon
Sir FRANCIS Buidastr ?
•
The Courier urges as a crime, that tl r Simisisiii
Patriots were not mentioned at the Dinner, en
Alondity. We do tint ot e what the Spanish Patriots •
had to do with time lettifess. But we cm add
with pleasure, that poor COOFIETT RNA alms pawed •
without notice, and if from the mutation of the
Spanish Patriots, It is to he inferred, that their low .
Mite did mat preside at the meeting. surely it eone
not be inferred from the same CIIRIV, that the 1.011
gleeted, forgotten, and ummotictil Cl/11111.1iT. MINI*
(
mired their proceedings ?
Lord Vl' t t.t.t.tif Btu.'" NCR It ilppolOtt-d to go nut
with a hp;.4.tal cominissiou, to he with the Archduke
CLARIAS at the A list rine *ratite.
The Bight H 0... Roar. (JURORS TIC.. on Mon-
day, uutitfiatauely re-elected reprreentattre for the
•:4•finty tafEtlinlturgli• '
Recent. lettere from Sweden state, dim the vio-
ls tit deposition of (*abets at IV. by his own ewer-
trent and officers, is to be sametierved b 7 it ile4'ree
of the Swedish suet. A public member will ,:pppar,
and the Kin; will be allowed official defenders ;
his late Secretary' at 'W he end Bertits Tula:, are,
it is repotted, willing to come forward as his envy.
cates. From what we &nowt.' however, or the
Ktaa's character, it is not likely thit be will re-
cognise the. National Diet as a trilmunal compe-
tent to sit in judgment upon their Sovereign.
—His formal deporition will, thcrefoo., is all
probability, be the restiq of I* summary pincem--
Indeed there is nothing snore id, cud absumil tl an
the tutu of a regal and fair trial of a king. InCIIIIIIII
the very accusation mit.ei trial would be arta ell trete.
son, if they did nut carry their own impunity l
their pm:tees.
By atwoutate from Rio Janeiro, received vest:lir-.
day, it is *tatted that the carFnes or two Ilt•lieh
iresels, which had united there, have been sr otcd
bud cou6silited.
•al ' teen are, we understand, in a kind of dill- .
Cully in fer,,ard to the meal of Ceft.CRADDOti:. As
soon, we hear, as it was detertunsod to semi out Sir
A silica Wei.tester to Portugal, the other C•min-
mender, who vies superseded, was npponittsk with
mum compliments and commendation& fur his past
conduct, to the situat ion of Deputy Governor oft.ib-
raltar. To this Gen. CRADDOCK. demurred, nab'.
rally observing, that thee was rather advancing
backwards, as Sir H. rIALRY3I2Lit'II pmmotion had
been from Gibraltar to the continend which hr
(General CRADDOCK) then posteleed. Dow its
matter will imamate, we know not ; but Sir A.
Wattastenre command of the forces in Portugal
Is, we doubt not, filially settled.
Some letters have been received from the. French
coast, whin It bear testimony to the destructive re.
snit of the late attack-en the enemy's nett in
Basque Roads:a-A, Verne infernal ninchines," stye
one of the letters, "hare not only de:one:est se-
veral of our ships, bat they hurt rendered almost
all the remainder unlit toAgat to sea again. Titer
hare proved the destruction of more than 4000 of
our people, unit petrified the rest with fear. That
mouth of the Charente it eniiipletely blochird rtp
with the wrecks" ,
Lettere, it is sold, have Preen received, which aloft
that almost the whole of the Franch malty wirs ebeaell •
to evacuate Spans, the hotter to row ble Boosteaters
to cope with time ',overfill force alter+ Anstrise heir
opposes to his atiprincipled and infamous mutat. •

1

. .
