COLLECTOR OF THE COUNTY DUBLIN.

S.r J. F.Wrnitt wished to draw tile altenUuu of
the House to .he recent hippOiatllleilt of a Collector
id Es. ter for the County of Dublin, 111 dotio,g: ;so,
lie I): gg. d to read a short extract from the Repott
of the (7.'llpol—inners of IlifiWry, drawn up to Fes
briony, 1609. respecting this entplot meta. 'll !icy
told, to stir pl are, that It Well necessary to abolish
such olfires us were useless—and antologat their, the
at of Collector of Dubliol County was mien-
tioele.l. to anther part of the (Report, they stated,
that tae inner of Collector of the County bring
held noodur toe same roof with that of Collector
of oh,: City, it would be proper to blend the
duties of the former with those of the latter, by
wlliclr 11 eat of 1,4001. per annum %mold be
et); civil. "I'll continue such an office, was, he eon-
tendenl, a ti act censure on the recommentlatioo
of the Commissioners—awl yet, our of 1110-e COM.
in:*!I(1111- re tali now connected with that %Cry Ile-
wrtinsitton which the appointment had taken !duce.
He should tike to know why that which appeared to
be proper 1.. 184)9 was not fit to b- acted on in
is 18 ? —/:;ear, hoar.)—Tim, most he alerts.' to
the I 1..05e, or eke the country 101111 ire that it was
odi t.• t0,r1.-,, to uitiloi.4 Commissioners of Inquiry,
eu.cr tutor 414111% anold not be acted on.
II- iti.not not to im oar' any degree, the re-
ap:ll.ll)l.l,y of the liz-litltaliets apiniooted to the
I flior. quarrel with the Forst Loud of the
Treasury mo.d Chancellor od the Exchequer, for
11. o.; tog soft led the appointment to be made, unless
they struht Inv .trot., wounds fur thrir
Itgist I G,1,11., futon 1111,11141
" Taal Mere be laid before this House a copy of the
Patent of Avitmuttmut of Mr. Gustavus Lambert, as Cosh
la-c•.,r of EYCIhr for tbe Comity of Dublin; anal the Wartaut
of Superammatiou Allowance to hit prvaverssur."
Ti,'i CHANCELLOR of the Exil Hk.QUER had no
Objecl. lu the production of the pueorra ttttt ved
for. The appointment was made, hecause, by a
change to the Excise system, the office, which the
Coonmissiotters had rreotuuttoded to be abolished,
was rt orlered necessary)
• . .

Mr. PEEL said, the ground on which the Com-
mi•tmntvs rreonuuruded the abolition wa., that the
sum to he collected did not automat to more than
Bor 10,000/. a year But the Oltie IiCIS now ii.irefellt
.--411111, to prove the fact, after the Right Don,
Baronet's motion was disposed of, lie should move
for an account of the anniukt of Julies ►ecrivtd by
the Collector of Eacttw for the comity of
fur three years trading the sth of January, 1808,
and fur three years ending the Silt .r January, 1819
—and also for • like return aids reference to the
Collector of Exci►e for the City of Dublin.
The motion was then agreed to.
Mr. PEEL immediately moved for the accounts
he had tolverted to, which were ordered.

The Slott mid Pegoiou Duty Bill went through
a Committee.—Report to-morrow.

EXCHEQUER BI LIS.

On the motion for the second reading of the Ex-
chequer Bills Bill,
hlr. Eu.scs rose to put a question to the Chan-
eellor of the Exchequer. He perceived, et the
bottom of an official @crania of the ansnuut of oat-
*tending Exchequer bills, a guile, sliding that the
shove rum was exclusive of all Exchequer bills and
Treasury bills purchased by the Batik, whether the
same were advertised to be paid af or not. He
wished to know, wheihrr any of the lulls the Batik
had parchased, and which were advertised to be
paid all; had.been withheld in consequence of any
understanding between them and Government

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, such
a circumstance might sometimes bike place with
✓espect to the Bank. lint, alien hills 11.,t1 been
advertised to be paid off, the public, at their option,
received in exchange either bills or money, if they
applied for it. The Bank had, undoubtedly, been
allowed to hold bills over. The Hon. Gentleman
alight he aware, that, in all returns of hills issued
by the Government, those issued by the Bank were
uniformly omitted.
Mr. ELtice Pala, his qnestion arose from the cirs
cunistsoce of the Right Hon. Gentleman, having,
on a former eveoing, stated, that Government had
rep ml to the Bank 5,000,000/. nut of 8,000,0004
that were due to thesis, which did not appear to be
the fact by this account. The reason he made the
inquiry was, because. if the repayineut by the
Government to the Bank were wade, As stated,
aid the Bank. at the saute hair, withheld Excite.
(ier bills from being sent in, to due course of pay.
went, it was, to fact, uo ',appeal at all. He

begged to Inns.. whether the two tronxections, of
withholding Exchequer bill. by the Bank, •ud of
the payment wade by Government, were contieeted
with roes) other ? _

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER swim% they
were (Linnet transactions. The different advances
matte by Government to the Bank. he mesiat dis-
tinctly to state, diminished the debt to the amount
of the sum paid tom.
Time Bill was then read • second time.—Report
to-morrow.— Adjourned.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

PARIS PAPERS.

PARIS, FSBRUART 8.

Yesterday, before mass, the King received the
Sp:miali Ambassador in a private audience, at which
his Excellency officially comintinicated to his Ma-
jeaty she death of ihe Queen of Span', wife of King
Charles IV. and Mother of the reigning Monarch,
Ferdinand VII.

An order has been issued that the Court go into
mourning to-morrow, for 21 days, on the occasion
of the death of the Queen Mother of Spain.
To-day there will be a public sitting of the
Chamber of Delimiter'. The Orders of the Day
are-Ist, A Report of the Commission of Peti-
tions ; 2d, That of the Commivsion charged with
the examination of the project of law relative to
trade, and the fabrication of saltpetre; and
3d, That of the Commission on the establishment
of a new financial year.
The ashes of Mabillon, Montfaticnn, and Des-
cartes, will he solemnly deposited, the 26th of this
month, in the Church of St. German des-prig.
Persona who have the honour of being descended
front these illustrious men are requested to make
known their names and address to the Prefecture of
the department, as tickets of invitation will be im-
mediately forwarded to them.

The Itlimicipal Council of Auch have sent a
Deputation to congratulate the Marquis Dessolles
MI his appointment as President to the Council of
Nlinisters. Audi was the birth-place of his Ex.
crllency.
Numerous agriculturist: in the departments of
Alsace, have petitioned the two Chambers, in or-
der to obtain the free cultivation of tobacco : on
the other hand, the principal planters of the dis-
trict of St. Midoes, and numerous land-owners in
the departments of the Lot, and the Lot and Ga-
ronne, present petitions io opposition to them,
claiming the continuance of the present regulations.
The 24th of December last, being the anniver-
sary of the birth of the Emperor Alexander, was
celebrated in Courland in a very remarkable man-
tier, that is to say, by reading, after divine service,
the Ordinance relative to the affranchisement of the
peasantry. valid' took place iu all the churches
throughout that province.
There prevails in the Court of the Grand Seignor
a great jealousy against the Poch' of Egypt. The
Divan are apprehensive that lie will declare himself
wholly independent.
The Courts of Naples and of Rome Imre post-
poned, for four months, the measures they had
concerted for pursuing the robbers on the frontiers
of the two Stater.

HAMM:MGM MAILS.

STOCKHOLM, JANUARY 42.

To impede smuggling from the neighbouring
ports, it has been ordered that no sugar, coffee, to-
bacco, wine, or aurae, shall be impo►ted into
the kingdom in open vessels of any size, or in
decked vessels under 25 surfs burden, o:► psi!' of
forfeiture of vessel and cargo, and a line of 500
bancodollars; and no impolite goods, except salt,
corn, and hemp, shall be either exported or im-
ported in such vessels. All those, however, who
can prove that their goods were laden within the
Sound, before the lst of April next, or without
the Sound before the Ist of May next, are ex-
cepted.

CONSTANTINOPLE, DECEMBF.It 26.

It was on the 13th instant that the impatience of
the Sultan and the whole nation was satisfied.
The brig of the ('ache of F.Aypt, which had on
hoard the leader of the formidable sects of the
Wechabites. Abdall.lli, his Mufti anal his Trea.
surer, together with the treiniures pluildered by the
Weichabites from the temple at Mecca, awl now
recovered, arrived on that day in the port of title
city.

• The Sultan was immediately informed of it,
and the following day the prisoners, loaded with
chains, were led through several streets of Con-
stantinople, and brought before the Divan, After
some questions had been put to them, and their
answers noted down, they were sent to the house of
Mehined Ali Pacha, where they remained for the
night. But the Sultan was so incensed at this, that
lie caused them to be thrown the next day into the
lowest dungeon of the lloslangi Paella. There
they remained till the 17th, in rigorous confine-
ment. On this the Sultan, followed by a great
multitude of people, repaired in solemn procession
to the Eski S rai (old Seraglio), to receive in this
Palace the congratulations of the great men, on the
victory over the loVrchabites.
After the Grand Vizier, the High Admiral, and
the Chief of the Scribes, or I.egists, had bowed re-
spectfully at the foot of the throne, the criminal
Abdallah, with his Mufti and Treasurer, were

LONDON,

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, lsi9.

A Treasury Journal of het night says—"" The
political opponents of the Minister would carry
on a war of five-mid-twenty years against the
greatest combination of power in history ; they
would rescue Europe from slavery ; build up a
mighty empire in the east; incur a deist of 800
millions; raise taxation front 17 millions to 70;
alter all the arrangements of society to meet the
greatest emergencies of the time; and then within
three years from the cessation of hostilities, bring
every thing round exactly to its old place, pay
off old debts, abolish all taxes, and no doubt
bring all the dead men to life again.—Truly
these are persons of prodigions genius, equal
to the wise men of the East." The answer to this
frothy ebullition is obvious and simple. The poli-
tical opponents of the Minister neither propose nor
expect any such thing. We will add, that the
people, to whom this rhodomontade is addressed, are
well convinced that the opponents of the Minister are
not weak or extravagant enough to cherish any hopes
of the kind. plod they foolishly conceived that
debt of eight hundred millions could be paid off
in two or three years, they would not have so earn•
estly remonstrated against the prodigality and ex•
travagance by which it was contracted. They
would not have been for twenty years engaged
in the nngrateful labour of reminding the Minister,
that a day of reckoning must come at last, and
imploring his mercy to a brave, generous. and libe-
ral nation. The politi..al opponents of the Minister
opposed this ruinous system, from the full convic-
tion that the enormous amount of the National
Debt defied its extinction within any limited time,
and was a weight under which the country would
probably sink under the most favourable circuits.
stances. They do not therefore complain that the
debt is not already extinguialied. They complain
that in the fourth year of peace the country is still
obliged to live on credit, that it is to have
peace loans, and that so wedded are Ministers
to their old system, so inveterate are their habits of
extravagance become, they have not yet learned
to live within their ineans—that they deprecate all
idea of economy in the public expenditure, and
never practise it but when forced to it by those
whore advice and °pillion they have allieeted to
despise.

%Ye have received the Paris Papers of Monday
last, from which we have mule extracts, but their
contents are nut of any importance.

IVe have received Bue.ios Ayres Gazetici to the
2ed of Nov. An Extraordinary Gazoite of the lat-
ter date a circumstance which, in the
language of die writer, " will destroy the last hopes"
of the Royalism. The fact simply in, that a SiltilliSh
vessel of SU guns, La lieyna Maria Isabel, has been
captured, iti the port itt Talcahuano, by the Insur-
gent iilllll4l San Mal sin and Luntaro. The event is
cutualunicsted in a dispatch from O'lltautes,

dated Santiago de Chili, Nov. 9. The Spanish
vessel was captured on the 48tli of October. It
appears that the Hate, was convoying the expedi-
tion which sailed fro. Cadiz for Limas and it was
reported that four of the transports g 4 Ow expedi-
tion had also been taken. The ClTlrtareite of
the Bth mentions the capture of the Isabel only.
The following is an extract of a letter from
Buenos Ayres, dated November c. 12

is On the lith inst. arrived the !brain and
Ctrreazo frigates, from New York, where they ~.re
built. They will !Live from 32 to 36 gun., v
complement of 200 men. Ou the 6th nen. arrived
the Spatii4h ship San Tlionetts, prize to the Vigi-
lance ship privateer, from this port ; :nod on the
ißth inst. arrived the Spanish brig Diligence, from
Ls Guyra to St. Domingo, Ow* the same pri-
vateer."

The Waterloo sailed on Wednesday froth the
Down., for India the Marchioness of HASTINGS,
and several other passengers on board.

Yesterday morning the Earl of LIVERPOOL,
Count Alowsmt, and the French Amisa.sattor,
hid audienera of the l'atiacE ReoENT, at Carlton
House. A few minutes before two o'clock his
Royal Ilighnese leit.Carlton Hope fur Brighton.

Au official retorts to the Moose of Commons
states the amonot of Exchequer Bolls outatrooliiig
st 43.655,460 h

Captain GILBERT F.LI.IOTT is appointed to the
If.dusgate, in the lerfilerraneats.
Captain THOMAS MORICE is appointed to the
Liffey, intended for the West Indian station.
Captain BARTLEMAN is appuiiiird to the New-
eagle, the flag-ship of Rear-Admiral GRIFFITH.
plug out as CI sitider-igi-Chief on the Halifax
station to relieve War-Admiral HARVEY.

Contain IVILLIAII Rowe 18 iippOloled to the
Rochefort, the tl ig-.lliv of Rear-Admiral Sir
,ts Fastn.tvrtx, Comuttider-w-Chief in
the MediterniorHo.

Copts'''. IVIt,tIAM ltsussir is appointed to the
Severn frigite, stationed in the Downs.
Captain GEORGE GRAY is appointed to the
Vengenr, stnti..nril at Leith, the flag-ship of Rear-
A4l miral OTW AY, the Cotnrnauder.in-Chief on
the Northern Coast.

Mr. ELLics, in answer to Lord CrixTLEßE,ton's
late triumphant exposition in the House of Com.
mono, stated, that the manufacturers it, several parts
of the country worked sixteen hours in the day for
six shillings a week. lint Lord CASTE EREAGH Was
not the less correct in his view, so tar as his own
experience enabled him to form an opinion : no
men in the country are so prosperous as the ►linis.
ter., nor were Cabinet dinners ever more in fashion
than in the present distressed times.

The Earl ollf hoes is apponned Lord Iligh
Commissioner to the General Assembly of the
Church of Scotland, which meet at F.dinhutgh in
May. The Noble Earl is one of the sixteen Re-
preventatives of the Scottish Peerage in Parliameht,
a. 41 hrothersin-law to the Duke of BuccLEucH.

Insurances have been effected at Lloyd's on the
sloop L'kifftuyn, born Batavia to Amsterdam, to
the amount of nearly 100,0001. which rem! arrived
at Cowes ou Tuesday.
Extract or • letter from the Agents to LLOYD'S
at Buenos Ayres, dated November
By an imperial arrived from St. Jago de Chili, we have
account% of the capture of the Spanish frigate La Reyna
Maria Isabel, 'almanac 50 guns, in the port of Talcahuano,
by the patriot vessels General San Martin and Lenten.. It
is likewise reported, that four of the transpurts of the Fair-
'Mimi from Callts to Lima, miller the convoy of that frigate,
hail hefts taken. The Chili Gazette, of the Bth, only gives
the rapture of the convoying ship. On the 12th instinit ar-
rived the Horatio and Cureazu frigates, from New Yost,
where they were built : they will have from 32 to 36 gnus,
with a complement o(200 men. On the Bth instant arrived
for Spanish ship Sao Thomas, prize to the Vigilance ship pri-
vateer from this port ; and on the 18ti instant arrived the
Siinoisb brig Viligente, from La Guyra to St. Domingo,
prise to the same priv..teer."

Extract of a letter from ilatnburgb, dated Feb. 2 :
“ General Gourgaud, who is still resident Isere, has recently
applied to the Austrian Minister iu Ibis city, for permis-
sion to reside is future at Prague. To this application be
has received an answer in the affirmative, but with the con•
ditiun tacked wit, that he must submit to be removed if
necessary, and at the will of the Government, to any
tuber part uf the Austrian dominions. General Guar-
pod bas refused the indulgence us those term., and in-
tends to remain is Hamburgh for some time Luger. On
the 2d of February is the 206th anniversary uf the establish-
ment of our Bank, which is to be celebrated with unusual
solemnity. medals are to be struck in honour of the day.
The conditions of the loan entered into here in behalf of
the Danish Government, have reached Copenhagen, and it
appears have caused some dissatisfaction in that city. A
Committee has been appointed In determine whether it shall
be ratified, or if any other proposition shall be made.
Meantime the Royal obligations have, iu consequence of
this event, declined greatly in value."

The Tyne arrived at Valparaiso the 15th October,
and was to sail in 15 days for I{io Janeiro.
At a general meeting of the Subscribers to
LLOYD'S, held on the 10th inataat, the mini of
2001. was voted from their funds, to four widows
and Milt children, of three bhionsaters and is sea-
man. belonging to Siltcoat&, alio were drowned on
the 2.2:1 ult. in attemptiiig to save the crew of the
Co/rourbus, Ram, from Glasgow to Jatnaica, wreck-
ad that coast ; and 50/. to Capt. ORR, and four
seamen, of Irvine, for saving, at the immineut risk
of their own lutes, six of the Tre/atoney's crew.
In the Prerogative Court, Uubltn, Doctor RAD•
CLIFF r. ha', pronounced on ll.r v4latitiy of the will
of the late JOHN SIMPSON. E•ti. of Cork, who left
his extensive estates to EDMUND WALLCOT, 117.1,(1.
and *terra' iseciiiiiitry legacies—amour; the rest the
sem of 10,000/. to Alderman WESTROPP, of Cot k.
and to Mr. CARLETON 5,000/.
RECORDER'S REPORT.--.OD Wednemisy the RE,.
CORDER made his levort to the PRINCE REGENT
iu Council of the following prisoners in Nevegat.,
capitally comic-toil in December S. iodoitir lost. oiz.
Joins Pidgeon, thaw' Parsons, Job.' ford,roy, Geo. ge
Wood, and John Ftilusie. fat burglary—Th:llllP% Prarks 5..11
Sarah ThiraiOs, fur hoose-breaking ..t the day Itine—Vfm.
Wrlting:ey, fur tuner-tteslosse —James 1.-.K,alon, Joseph
Mask., and Wan 11,1 lork, fur ro.l);.cry--Richard
Erans,Georee Lielfour, ha b. rt Timmer, Geo. IVin. Hands,
John Moon, Smith, sod I:ubett Ire.dhoin, fur slealloz
Runde, the no Awrlhuc 6 zu.es .—when Joins C..rderuy, John
relkor, and Jakes Egel sou, as re ordertd ta,r t xecutool on
Tuesday nova. be otbsrs uric reorder' during pleasure.

i N

;7:414,
4-7:rt---,
1.9.*

poshil!

INN ES,
TO A LADY 1160 Amato lr INA COVILD DO lIDOIS lin,
Mt DID twit/el

Annette, forgive tlir,,e idle lines,
Whose ally praise cam hr,
That if wee ray within than shims,
Serb ray was lit by thee.

For *boa west early taaaht tie way,
To lon elate the right,
And cameo (spell it as you ata4
Do wrong if you do write.

We now believe the Stoic's dream
Of perfect earthly bliss,
Convinced that you are as you seem,
Quite perfect lies.
February, 1819.
