,
r
,
,
,
,
,
li
,
;
,
.1f)
.t:
,
~
1
)

I

• «

kern from she Hon. Gentleman opposite (rlie Starter, to
the T y) whether Ministers bad any intention of pre-
'Wing a legislative remedy.
Mr. 1.1.3111X07071 said, that tihs DIN beeped ig berme
with that view, had been objected to by Members, 5,,,0 with-
drawn. If the worthy Alderman eautil devise one better
adapted to the object, be should love no objectio, a sap.
fort It.
INSOLVENT DEBTORS..
WORTLLY presented a Petition froWa the inkabi„
tants of Leees,apiast the renewal of the lascri„„t Debtors'
Art.
The MINN Member presented 3 similar redwood Dam the
Mar ofactarers of Barasley —Reed, and laid „a /ha taw
So F. BIRD MT presented a Petition from the pgefehaas„
nod Traders of the parish of St. AMU'. West minor', of tht
'line import—Read, and refry red to the Co,,nmittee on the
Insolvent Debtor.' Acts, and ordered to be ,iwinied.
Petitions were presented from the tonal, of Birmingham
and Exeter, for the niodifleatioa of the lineoprent Debtors'
Att.—Read, and laid u:o the table.
CRIMINAL LAW.
Mr. A BIiIICROVISV presented a Petition from Spalding,
to LlllCOltibbbr for the revision of l'„e criminal Lew.
SCOTCH BU liGns,
I)" the °°lrtelOO° of *A. 'lletwonsts, the motion of
Lord A. Iltwidal4 (Poe reform of the Scotch Barb
System, wan :to the let of April.
17.1CREQUER WRITS.
Alireiinau, W•ITZMAN rigid he had a Petition to
',resent from a person of the name of William
AVherlev. The Petitioner was an individual, but
he complained of a pultlic grievance, and a politic
grievance of AS much 'lordship at any ever brought
before that Moist.. The Petit' stated, that the
Petitioner, who had been a little shopkeeper, hap-
penerito sell three casks of Spanish juice (in in-
gredient sometimes used in brewing) to a most
mimed Ward. The sole WWI on credit. at tor)
months. On the expiration of the time tit.- P,ai-
tioner tlennititled his motley. \Void told him lie
wet owed a considerable suns of intmey by a Mr.
;rat, a gentleman who kept a large brewery, soul
that if he went to his counting-house he sl tel he
paid. Hr writ, but w a not paid. l'welve
smooths after a writ woo issued ag.iinst
hum
from the Exchequer. Ward, who turned out
to be a common informer, having lodged
ao
inforinotion hint its that Court, for dealing
in articles prohibited by law, penalties 111111 Iteyn
imposed nn him to the Hlllolllll of 44.450/. eillitely
without hi. k nnwletigo. The only evidence
Idirtt was that of Word, the informer, and the only
(Melte,- Coat of !loving sold the titre:. casks of 5114..
jmer ; so that before letting the miller tto to
tlie Attorney-General thought ',roper to
eminent to a compromise, on the 11111111.4 11111. q.;
'nr poor ituot was notable to pay tateit that
sum—all lit, wol+ were seized and sold, and the
were considerably short of it, being only
sO/. Ile hail a wife and seven ; and
deprived of every thing, his lasittlord,
t Woos It mere compassion, repurchased steep cf
his taints at the auction for ti's use. 'Guise
svtir seized tilinft again—hut still there via, a de-
bt it lacy. Tlw Petitioner tittered to pay 401. aa a
onoproolni.e. It was refused, at t.! 601. were teqiiir-
e.l. II- could not pay it. and was In consequence
reht to prison in pi,centher hest, where he lay at
I.ta.s-iit. tie thrr, lore, the Ilnn. Grid truss pro-
thou.:lit proper to send hi, case io
blel,l. OA pray such relief as it in its wisdom
might deem fitting ; and lie hoped tfe House
wottial take his c lition Coo consideratiosi. He
was sorry the other night. wilco a question of the
t+4:111- a ,-,•etivtion hod beets hebuv the linu.e, that
the tllesoc ellor of the Exchequer did iitit conselit to
it gette-al into the consequelices of Exelie-
got r Is and as antis general infinity kid nut
lieen advisable, lie shisold, niter the piestiit
Petitian was disposed of, take the opportunity of
nudnog or giving notice of a motion for I .4) isig be-
fore the 1-louse alt tievoUnt aril expenses incurred,
sontl peitaltitio intim-ell iu the rarer-Winn or Wil-
liam Wheeler, by the Court of the retript of Ea-
ele quer.
The Petition was then read, laid on the table,
and ordered to he printed.
Alderistaii W 4111151 AM (Ilea g..ve notice of Isis
RiOtton tar Toubday next.

110t'SEIIOLD Hit L.
Lora C AST LEREAGH moved, that the Report on
this dill be few',
Toe Report was sccorilingly read, anti several '
IMIMH;McnIi agreed to.
Lord FOLK-TON E rose to object altogetlwr to the
eteeese allowing 10,000 L * year to his Royal High-
ness the Duke id York. It was, he said, argued, that
10.00t.1. 3 year ought to he gtanted to the Duke, be-
cause ed sinitlar stint was given to her late Majesty.
lii the debate, he recollected it we. stated that this
sum was showed to her Majesty. for her expenses
in
the journies she was obliged to take, and for the
expenses of a town establishment to hold her
Coml. Such was the statement of Mr. Perceval—
such to was the I.etiguage of the Bill. The clause
in the present Bill steles. that thud sum of 10,000/.
year son. oven to the Duke of York, to remunerate
him f.r the additional expense attending the office
of costa. Ile thought it was impossihle to sutler
this chose to remain in its present form, because
it iiiiphitl a great falsehood. What, he would ask,
were the expenses attendant on the office ? Nothing.
Whot new establishments were to be formed ? None
—he knew of no expense, unless, indeed, the ex-
pense or post-horses from London to IVindsor ; •
consideration so very inferior, that he did not think
hia Royal Highness would condescend to take any
reniuneration for it. If he was to be told that this
was a new office, and that it was impossible to
create an office without attaching a Wary to it, he
would say in reply,that such au argument would
be most disgraceful to those who would use it.
This was the first opportunity he had of address.
lug the I louse on the subject, and he would declare
it as his opinion, that the Duke of York was Dot
the printer person to have the custody of the
King. Old, infirm, and afflicted as his Majesty
was, he should he under the immediate care of a
person residing at Windsor. Whether that pers,:4B
he a Royal Duke, was not so much • consideration.
He recollected it was urged in the House that her
Majesty residing at Windsor was a strong retro..
inetidation that she should be intrusted with the
person of the King. Two of the Princesses
Lyra at Windsor ; their property was within •
stitne's throw of his Majesty's Palace, and it
would, its his opinion, be iss6eitely 'Netter to
Litre the person of his Majesty intrusted to
them. Ills Royal Highness might sit as
deist of the Caused, there could not be selected •
Men Pillar Mum ; bat whatever tbs House might

• •

07.1' ":

lie Impel on the ttltar point
ttlhiailtiiit°nbayibisivolutildieCagt'ree with him, that his Royal
Hisksiest was not entitled to this sum of 10,0601.
It year. Upon no ground of truth or of consist-
ency caw the clause stand in its present state, be-
cause it implies a palpable falsehood. On this
ground, therefore, mid feeling for the character of
the. House, and the dignity of the Sovereign, lie
would move, That the clause. allowing 10,000/.
• year to his Royal Highness the Duke of York,
should be left out of the Bill.
Mr. LyrrEt.Tom sail, he was not surprised at the
reception the observations of his Honourable Faired
met with. Whether these observations acre worthy
of an answer the country would judge. Ile, too,
would object to the clause—it was, in his oFinion,
peculiarly scandalous; it granted away the public
'stomp under false pretences; and he would not du
his duly to an anjoreal country if lie did Old take eta
opportunity to, resist and to condemn it, ferling,, as
he did, that it was now more Union ever the sacred
mot the solemn duty l'r public men to husband
the pnblic resources, and to Impose every wanton
and ittswortliy grant of the public money. What-
ever might be said on this subject, it could slot 1w
denied dist this was a pet-cowl question, and it
was therefore a painfull one—lint it did ilia fallow,
that becauw a inember of the Royal Family was
in I
question, there should therefore be no r;•sistalice
mode ; if arguments were target!, if disagreeable
truths were proclaimed, the bolt rested at the
door of that Miiiister whose duty it was to keep the
Royal Family out of sight when grants were made
of the public money. l'lte Royal Family newer
should appear before the people or the Pat lament
but iii a gracious light—but the Minister of
the Pi ince Regent brought them forward on
inaily occasions, and on all occasions to great
disadvantage. In a recent and memorable in-
stance, lie pressed forward claims winch coin-
mon decency should not permit. The House
indigo:lndy rejected his proposal—and never was
there a vole snore in unison with the public feeling
—never was there a vote more gratifying to their
constituents. The Duke of York had heretofore
escaped the contest—he was, he believed, the only
one of the Royal Princes that was not brought
wend in ally unfavourable view. How essential
it was that his name should be kept out of view,
it was not necessary to borers upot, the House—
lie was, as it were, within a step of the Crown, and
he might add, without flattery to his Royal nighties!,
that his character stood in a fairer bold before the
country than that of any other of the Royal Princes.
Ile agreed entirely with his Noble Friend, that
the Duke of York was brought before the country
in the most ungracious way. This claim was in
fact a claim made under false pretences. It lied
been said, indeed, that this sum was necessary for
the dignity of the office. In his opinion the office
was inure tarnished than dignified by the grant.
It threw an ungracious suspicion, that it was not
so much for the set vier, but for the salary, that the
office Was created. If this was the case now, how
much inure strongly would the olrjection apply in
alter times, when bail precedents would recom-
mend bad practices, id tempting salaries would
be given for the offi T of credos to a king.—
Wills respect to the suppo-ed rxuenses of the
office, the arguments of its Noble Friend On this
head were so pointed, so clear, and so conclusive,
that it was siot necessary for liiin to say one word
titan, it. Indeed it was clear that this was a grant
made under fake pretences; the truth bad not been
told. The question was, whether his Royal High-
tiers ass in embnilaswil circitinstatices ? The fact
was notorious ; mid the fact, in his opinion, only
aggravated the conduct of Ministers. Towards his
Royal Highness much respect was due; and had
he cilme down to the House and said lie wanted a
10,0001. a year, that his circimisiaiwes re-
paired it, such conduct would he attended with this
advantage to his Royal flightless that•it would mark
the frank and candid nature of his character ; and
to die country it would be attended. with ad-
vantage also, because such a grant would not
have been made unless a system of retrenchment
was established, and a better system in the affairs
of his Royal Highness pursued in (mitre;
but, at present, if Parliament grant this 10,0001.
a year, they had no security that one shilling
of retrenchment would have been made.—
From the state of his Royal Highness's affairs,
it was certain he would, sootier or later, be
obliged to come down to the House for aid ; he
put it to those who were called his frietids, whether
such an application would not be mole graciously
made, and would not be better received, if the pre-
sent sum had not been applied for in the instiller
Ministers pursued. It was important to the inte-
rests of his Royal Highnes
s—those solid interests
which are founded upon honour, probity, mid fame—
to consider under what circumstances this mum was
asked—to consider the feelings of the country upon
it. He should take thew things to heart—lsis advise,.
should consider not merely his temporary interests,
but his lasting honour, or rather, he 'Mould say,
what was due to his houour—he should adopt a
system of economy, and reflect upon olio, that the
longer that was delayed, the greater would he the
difficulty of facing his embarnissments. The grants
already giveu—the great emoluments of his offices
—these things were not lost sight of by a people
over whom he would shortly reign, for aught he
knew. Before he sat down, he would touch on an-
other topic. There was a great accumulation of
the Privy Purse, but the House were not called
on to appropriate part of this sum to meet the in-
tended grant ; that was opposed—and by whom was
it opposed ?—by the persons who asked the grant.
The savings of the Privy Purse would go to the
Prince Regent, and next to the Duke of York ;
yet it was said that this grout of 10,0001. a year to be
allowed to his Royal Highness .for the core of his
father's person, should not be grouted out of this
fund, but should be taken out of the pockets of
the people. These proceedings were unwise—it
was proceeding under false pretences—it robbed
the Crow(' of its popularity, and the people of their
money—it was disreputable to the Crawl.. Mi-
nisters exposed the Crown to the suspicion of ins•
fair dealing—a suspicion which was as injurious to
Royalty as it was distressing to the feelings of the
people. A Right Hou. Gentleman on this other
side of the House (Mr. Peel) had dilated on •
former night, with singular eloquence on the
preamble or a former Act of Parliamant—such sub.
Jetts might suit the vie* of young and ambitions
mu. 'they might do this and inure...tbey might

in an enlightened age appear the champions of
antiqnated bigotry, and still resist the tinasici-
potion of four or five millions of men—lrish-
men—mere Irishmen, it was true—hut mess whose
virtues deserve a better fate than that of slavery.
It might suit the Right Honourable Gentle-
man to tilkt Weil views—hut it would ill become
those wills whom he (Mr. Lyn..lton) acted to sanc-
tion them. It was, he said, still in their power to
retrace their steps—it was still in their power to
redeem their character. He hoped the House would
reconsider what was done, and regulate this
grant to the Mike of York, for if it were granted
at all, it was clear that it ought not be granted in
the manner proposed.
After • few observations from Mr. PitOTUEROK,
Which were indistinctly heard in the gallery, the
gsllery was cleared, and a division took place—
For the A mroilment for leaving out the Clause 97
Against it

a ."

terms, a lan pasend the Section before Let, which
he deacribed as n night law, and, wiihowt Trolling
to cast any reflections on Parliament, he considered
a disgreereful law.
Mr. (;nee.. (of Norfolk) condemned Game Laws
as whew.. oppressive. and tyrannical, opposed Mike
to the dictates of British justice and of British
feeling. He recollected thirty-veer', years ago a
motto!' made in that House to give power to take
up persona found in plantations; that motion was
withdraavo, because three dirtinguished lawyers (two
of them were Mr. Dunning and Mr. Leigh) lend
given their opinion against the principle of It. He
never could he persuaded that a man lead
not as much right to game as to any other part
of his property. Ile said that these laws were ',reig-
nited with mischief-float they nurtured the most
ferocious pensions mid the most odious prejudices.
Ile *aid that in the lest year a wretched woman
---- was shot in the leg, in a cruel manner, in the county
of Norfolk : she was shot its a plantation, and
Majority for Ministers bf
when the gamekeeper came up viol Aimed leer dea-
lt was then moved that the Bill be engrossed .
mutely wounded, lie coolly observed, that she
when I had no reason to complain. the was only shut in
ME, WYNN said, the language of the Bill was the leg, but had she gone n little farther into the
at variance wills the fact. The Bill grumbled the
o
stern of In omit for expenses, but the expesmes oft ,
plantation, she would leave, beets killed. This un-
sure woman had thwr children, of *limn she was
the office could not amount to any sum near what their ratite spumoni,
and the mow.ivotte,
who
was
was granted, if indeed they amounted to any
at all. The Hon. Geitillenum thee, referred to the
quid that these things could not be •Illonitied to-
Act made on the appointment of her late Majesty
every bummer end tionouralde ferlim, called on them
to the office, and marked the difference beta eels
to act. II was Li itlisig with the question to talk of
her case and the present. private indulgeisce, and ilw ettiownsenta of country.
Lord CASTLEREAGH considered the grant as per. .entlemeo. lie
was
,
9 110 t iti•ensildr to the pleamres
Gaily unexceptionable-with two individuals au
of the country, lent he never %%mphd pest them in
diffetent as the ()aerie and the Duke of York,
competition with the. murals and bappinera of the
winds were (laced. to meet the paoticular pinto of
peende ; before these every Onto sieoulil he 'aril-
the caw-bat the, fact still remains. Iler Alai-sty
tired-before these; periali early selfish and landed
received the uelditional groat in consequence of the gnoiti"tion.
office, so would the Duke of Yolk. 111r.1-11ANK ES spoke at considerable length against
The Bill was then ordered to be engrossed, mid the 611.
to be read the third time on Monday next. Nit.. Logo AVEI.II.FSI.CY explained.
BOROUGH OF TAVISTOCK. Colonel Wooer said, the Ilme. Gentleman (14r.
Lord Jolla RUSSELL atoned a new writ for the (tttilikes) mistindst.intAl the nceilidet which Itsppetied
Borough of Tuvistock, iii the room of 11-0"1 Wifi• to a woman in some eover its Nor folk•- ( 4 Inligh..)
Russell, who hue accepted the offii- of Steward to
-lb colisidered that those thing, were occasioned
the Chiltern flondrecla.-Orden it I by the odious fetiiiiiga which ihr•e odious laws
NorrINGHAM ELECTION cherished, Mils respect to the sale of game,
At thesteggestiole of Mr. Wools, pouchera, he said, had always their market secured
Mr. Strieetit CopEEy po,tiomrd Me motion fir I before they went nut to kill the game; but he was
laying •Ipelore the dlisme ill- Nlitiestes take ':i b-lure convinced that if et legal Old:Let were open, no
the Nottingham Elect .ia) Comiaittee, 1 respectable poulterer would deal with them. lie be-
GAME WAS hewed that body of inen were much iniarepreseeited.
Ou the Order of the Day ii, :n read for the Olt thi• stiblect lie had communications with them.
second reading of the Game Law. r l•r a Member, and lie believed them to be a respectable body oh'
whose name we could not learn, n, ,il, a variety of i men. They %erre reedy to undertake, that, if a
oloet vanities iu favour of the Bill. Ile, said, no I legal itiarket were opened, they woul I slot deal
species of property was *o touch est:torte to depre- I with those who obtained game by froolulent and
(tattoos ns iv orens ; it was remarkatile, that people I inettil means. It had been stated that the Bill
in the neighbourhood of warrens were most remark- I would reduce the number of resident country Gen-
able for vtee soil itutnurdbrY• 'Flue young weret ti,toeo : ilthe objection terse true, he acknowledged
Seduced by the old-the whole si stein of society it would.
was rioters-atiil those evil*, lie thought, spimig to the
be foal to the Bull-it woutd he fatal also
character of the gent.;', for what kind of
from the pernic'ous nature of the G one Laws. gentry would they he who would leave 'heir cowl-
Sir Jonn Suer tinsf *aid he hoped the Legislature try if deprived ut it monopoly in wild fowl ? And
would act praetical were the Game 11,3w5, rthicli have been long the
practical'.), out theoretically. Ile alit
poachers were the very pest of society, and they i subject of public reprobation and regret. the only
wear encouraged in their depredations ley the tiffs- link that bound the high-minded gentry of Eieg-
culty of opprelielidino them. Tee detect them in land to the hills of their nticestry, their tenantry,
the act was next to au impossibility. Ile cooclueled end their estates ? \Vas it not true, that in mans
by moving that the second reading of the Bill be ii psi t. of Etigland no game whatever was to be
postponed to that day six Mandl,. found ? yet in these pinta there was a numerous
After a few observations front Sir JOHN STEW- Wei popular re&detet geustry. lie thought, for his
ART- own part, field sports were more coegemal tee the
Mr. WitatEnroacs said, he was ece sportsman- national character of the c,:autry ; he thought
IA laugh)-hit he felt an interest in the present , hunting much preferable, mid particularly fox-limn-
question. It appeared to him one if great import- 4 ing-(A/regief-and he knew that the preserver of
voce ; and from the beet consideration he could I game eves Aways suspected to be the poisoner of
give the subject, lie felt himself homed to opibiic ice-holes- (4 laugh.) -lie could not ;avoid cotn.
the peruicinua elation of the Game Lawn. With plaining of the !einem:able fulling off of shooting, mid
all that had been said of the advantages of a rest- I lie imputed the decay of that pleasant moon mesa
dent gentry, he fully and cordially agreed; as ma- i to the preservers of game. Formerly lee could go
out with lets miglibuiets and tell dogs, and enjoy
gietrates or landholders. they were the pride, the
glory, the benefactors of their country. Heirless, the pleasures, of the country, but this has been al-
and deserted indeed must be the country deprived most exploded by the preservers of game-one of
of the blessings of a resident gr,,,ry. He agreed to these worthy Gentlemen will have a party perhops
nil this-hut he could not for a 1111 l mem be brought t once a rear- ( 4 laugh / -ten or twenty of the
to believe that if the Game Laws were amend- Gentlemen with lotemlaists, armed with long
ed, the resident gentry would be diminished ; Ipole., sully out into a large wood, awl while*
and in this opinion he was riipported by the i they are knocking down binds in all dilectious, they
authority of mink others. The question pep- neatly fancy that tley ate si,ototitig.-( .1 laugh.)-
prived to hint as a question of humanity-the iir never was ill France, but he heard a story of
first duty of the Legislature was to prevent crime, Finch hunting, which these %vendee sportement
aged he verily believed that iii the country the great I brought ho lets mind. A party rally forth to attack
majority of these unhappy persons who tennio.eted wolves ;II panty meet ill hoot, and deliberately
their career at the gallows, commenced it as nod together fire as the wolves approach, and this
poachers. It had been said that the Bill would I the Fieoclimen call hunting.-( Laughter and op-
afford protectime so persons selling game unlawfully ilik„,e.)
obtained. Ile (Mr. Wilberfoire) could see on ob. I Mr. I'. LEWIS expressed himself favourable to
jertion that licenses should he granted to Ifer9OeS 10 the principle on which the regent Bill was found-
sell game, and that no other pets ens should be ed. It might, indeed, be called " a Bill for the
at liberty to expose game for sale-of coulter protection of game, and, at the seine time, for the
those licenses would nut be grielited to improper due and roper punishineto of poachers." He
ptomain and this he thought would go to remove I wialwel to see game protected, but not by the ab-
the objection. At the yresent motorist it Was, he surd and oppressive mode recoginaed by the old
said, notenious that 'notions sold whole sacks of systm. Whets he approved of the principle of the
game, slid it was distressing to reflect on taw vice Bill, however, he could met concur in the idea
and misery of those who were concerned in this i which Koine individuals entertained, that all parties
traffic. The life of a poacher was a life of danger. had u natural right to destroy gamer. God forbid
of vice, and shame ; his Moistly habits exposed that that House should *income a principle which
• to every temptation-made hint the ready was totally opposed to the present stile of society,
instrument of every improper purpose-and the I and to the laws of 'property which that state of
I actor iii every depredation, until a shameful death I society required ! That principle, if carried
terminated a shameful life. The law vitiated the to its extent. would authorise a demand for
habits of society-and the plain and honest peasant I the soil, as well as for the game living on it.
was lust and degraded in the character of a nocturnal
yI To the system of regulating, by licenses, a
i depredator. He felt the question as one of tke 1 trade in game, he could see no objection. The
greatest importance, and there was one considers- I mere regulation of a traffic was nut calculated to
tion which he confessed struck him with peculiar • produce dishonest practices, store it did nut hold
force--it was a consideration of delicacy, in which out the temptation of large profits. This, the
the House would agree with him. They were now. hone-dealer was licensed -but no person ever
as it were, legislating in their own cause-they were I thoughti on that account, of stealing horses, in
called upon to decide evillest their own interests-- order to undersell him. Again, the tea-dealer
but he trusted that they would decide according to was licenaed, but it was slot that regulation which
the general interest, and to the murals and happiness encouraged smuggling trireme: hems-it was the
. of the people. They were called 01$ to vote in their duty •of OS per can't. which induced the illicit
own cause, but they were called on to introduce a traffic. Now, where a penalty stab imposed on the
better system ; they should endeavour to prevent a illegal vale of game, and those who were licensed
great moral evil, and to diminish the vice and to vend it could du so, at a tuoderate price. there
misery of the lower orders. was very little realm,' to believe that there would
A Member (we believe Lord GARVA6II) said, it I be many smugglers of game. He Wald, with sin-
was cumpiained of, rod justly. iu his opinion, cere sorrow, a vtatement relative to an unhappy
that the laws, severs as they were described to be, I wornaii, who had lust leer life, he consequence of
did taut prevent the depredatious of poachers, and an apparent abuse of the present system. If the
it struck I • as extraordinary reasoning, that by re. measure now proposed were agreed to, such, or
moving reatrections, you would eliontrislt the evil i similar occutreueelt, unlit be less numerous in
theme restrictions were MGM to prevent. I future. ‘Yhtos there was an honest mode of pro.
Mr. Lotto Wst.t.est.ty spoke in warm terms curing game, when it was carried to market, and
against the Game Laws; he eundannvd, iu germ I publicly sold, people would no longer velour*

their tires fur ti.e purpose of getting it, since they
would no longer be templed by the high prices of.
fered for it at present. Ile wanted to distingouli
bet%erti the limiest mode, of procuring game Anti

the dishonest mode. He would separate that,
which was not • crime, front the liability of pu-
nishment, which should only fall on those who had
redly offended. He would retain the severe law
fur throe whip stole game, but he would 'lot
suffer it to be put in force against those
role it not. If they made these legichitive
Unctions, plain, wise, and strott. they wont.'
. .

bud the nteebute not only toeful but effic.d.

citrus. The present Bill offered to the (louse e
full opportunity for considering the whule
que-
tion. They ought maturely to discuss it, and it,
after proper deliberation, they conceived that no
change was necessary, a circumstance he ciuld
hardly imagine, they might adhere to the ula ,vs.
tem. The Bill, es it now stood, though he al:.
proved of much of it, was not altogether as lie wish-
ed it to be drawn. He conceived the system of

cellars of quaqcolion, on a more extended
ought to have formed a part of it. Let those oho
wished to take game purchase a license of qualifica-
tion. This, he conceived, was a fair object of that
regulation—and the .el ling of game ought to be r 0,..
bliditd and regulated by a license of a similar de-
scription. It also ought to he provided, that per-
.olm, barmy, game in their pulse:Aims, should he
liable to au exaiiiiiviota, as to the mode in which

they had proeu►ed ►t, a►:d, if that mode were im-
proper, a certain proudly eliottlil he inflicted nn
them. He would go one step further, and render
it highly, hay tre►nendously penal, to pu►rha.e
game, knots ing it to he eiolen. If these sugg,
twits *sere Uttroided to, l►e doublet! not but :•.1
efft•cio re-tem might he produced, instead of t!ie
11t vett, but imi3Otenr I ewe which existed at pre%ent.
CRIPPS Paid, lie had @surd übjectioits treetit!
to se%eral of the dowel., but there were none It

..„....... • ,
them that might not, in his opinion, he got over,
an.l, therefore, he rahould vote for the ;peewid trad-
ing of the Bill. It was due to the Hon. Gentle-
man who introduced it, and to the Committee who
came to the resolution on which the Bill was found-

ed, to stiffer it to proceed, and to see, whether, in
its progress, they could not remove the objection-
able purls. With respect to the objections or the
Hon. Gentleman on the floor (Mr. &mikes), they
did not strike him in the same point of vi .•w they

did the Hon. Gentleman. He sous not sorry to see
those provisions retained to which the Hon. Gentle-
man urged his strongest objections. One of his
oh.ervat►ons was, however, correct. He had steed,
th tt the number of criminals imprisoned for of-

fences against the Game Laws at presect were less
than they used to be. This he believed—but the
ciicunisratice 113$ owing to a Bill introduced into
that (louse by a near relative of the Hon. Gentle-
man (Mr. G. Banker.) In one clause of that Bill
there was a very great omission. Every person,
purchasing game, was, by that clause, subject to a
penalty of 51. to he levied on their goods and chat-
tels—hut, if they had no goods and chattels, no
puni.liment followed. If this were a mere omission,
it ought to be rectified—if it were intentional, it
ceitainly defeated the object which the clause ap-
peared to have in view.
Mr. BRAND said, lie could not recollect that a
a single argument of any force had been adduced
against the Bill. The market, it was observed,
could be as easily supplied with stolen game as
with stolen turnips. But the market was not sill:-
plied with stolen turnips, ergo, it would not be sup-
plied with stolen game. It was also stated, as
a proof that the present Bill must fail, that t+:l
previous enactments had failed in preventing (len -
daiirms on rabbit-warrens. He could have stated,
si priori, to the Honourable Member who made the
observation, that no law could 'possibly prevent ilitt
species of offence, when prisons possessing property
in the neighbourhood of such warren. were
lutely interested in the destruction of those animal:.
Of this he was well convinced, that no legis!,_
tite enactment, however severe, could prevent
the supply of game to the metropolis. It %a.,
therefore, the duty of legislative wisdom,
devise some means, by which a regular gop-
ply of gams might be afforded, without et roil-
raging vice, or immorality. He (Mr. Brutal)
followed a resolution of the last Parlianie::•,
which declared, that g.imeolight to he the propet.y
of the owner of the soil. Helltontended, that t',!
exclusion of small proprietors was contrary to
principles of equity and of natural law, Ile i.e.
much mistaken by lilt Hon. Gentleman, who In,
stied that he had confounded the doctrine of ,ne
law of nature, with that of the mitnr.il state of mail—
sod he argued to prove the fallacy of elicit an as-
sociation. But, if the Hon. Gentleman rt
a little, he would not have supposed that he could
be guilty of so extravagant a blunder as that. 11.
must be aware that there were natural lass, anterp.r
to those of a conventional de-cription, anti that t:-.
validity of the latter was supported by their cui,,
cidence with the former. From this, he contei:,:-
ed, that it was contrary to the law of nature mitt of
equity to preclude a malt from the use of IL,:
which was nurtured on his own soil—alwa)s coma-
dering game as the growth of the soil. Ile s 's
astonished, when an I lon.Getit.( r.Batikes) devise. t
that, in this Bill, lie described the former laws as
unjust. This Will not the fact. The prentul;
merely said, that those laws were found inade-
quate to their object—that they were imliuli a :a!:'
ineonvenient--and, in many cases, oppressive
unjust." He did sot say that they were generr::•,
oppressive acrd unjust, but that tlwy were, in an
instances, contrary to equity and natural law. TI!..
Hon. Gentlemau said, t. if individuals waist gator
let them purchase land." But this would nut di,
it would be necessary for them to purchase ion-
nor.. And, as the system now existed, an indi-
vidual, with a manor of lON. a-year, and a qm,-
lineation, might shoot on the land of any W-
ean he pleased. Indeed he believed that son.
persons bad acquired qualifications,. merely to cot.).
on the business of poaching. There might ire
many clauses in the Bill that required amendinen;.
There were many interest,, a variety of wopertv.
which it was impossible for him, in the first in-
stutter, to protect, or include in a measure of tit,.
kind. But he wet+ convinced the more the House
considered it, the-more would they ere the neees-
- of carrying it tuts effect. The greatest wee-
tical mischefs flowed from the present system...re
of the most prominent of which was, that the v*4o(
body of the hem orders were opposed to the 1.t4h..r
