diffment *pie of daw grand army were re-caned
from the French detarturnts ism Germany, to
complete the regiments to their full number. But
fortunately. the peace with Russia intervened, and
its signature was immediately followed by an order
from the Emperor Napoleon, deeding Marshal
Betthier to suspend all the movements of the
troops from the interior of France towards the
German Empire. Hence, the aspe& of things,
which was perfeelly warlike a few days since, has
suddenly changed. Most of the troops, who were
ptoceediag from Suabia to Bavaria, have even re.
eeived orders to halt.
CAGLIARI, SAIDINIA, JULY 15.

The last days of June were extremely calamitous
fisr, interesting part of the people of this Kingdom.
l'he corsairs of Tanis who have so often ravaged
the coasts of oar island, and carried their inhabit.
ants into slavery, landed at several places on the
eastern part of Sardinia, end, either owing to the
negligence of the persons app'inted to guard the
meters. or to their being informed of the absence
of most ot the inhabitants. who were engaged in
the labours of the field, the pirates sarriNed
great number of persons, whom they carried ielffss.
together with a quantity of cattle. The havoc
made by them wi.uld have been still greater, had
not the inhabitants of cpuei gallantly repulsed
them. notwithstanding their number, and obliged
them to leave behind a portion of their booty. The
King, being informed of these incursions, issued a
proclamation, commending those who repulsed the
Tunisians, and etherteing his subjels to be mote
upon their guard against kutu attempts.
PROCIA ATtott,
" Frederick, by the Grae tied, Duke of Navy, in
" our Naise, and in that of tho Weil-
• rr beora, 'aka known t

Exp.r.ea, baving.provert. that the Germanic Constitu-
tion si nv k.qvcr capable et wain., the i sternal and eqternal
tsenqual ity of the Smith of Giertna,y, several State", of the
!empire has* ward sniffy the protection of His Wrote. the
Femme/ id the Irtench, king of Italy. and have concluded. or
the lifrk Meta*. with our aversion, a Convention, by which
are vainly!, to us, and the Priors of Nassau Weilbing, the
boyeesogiari over Nrnivried s.d Holtappal, part of Niclor
Isemboairg, H• rs, with is dependmiries, Schaunsboure, Ran-
kle. en the left of the Labs. Crausbrqz, Enarrdorf, Allennied,
Nesserbeerg, Wehrheur, Holnossrlins, Ilaraunfirla, &Mach,
eentprising the peseession of the ll'qu,estrian Order, situated on
our to ff ~ 4011. aod there of W ileourg, or contiguous tr. Jt,
and which have (Allyn to us by the Convention. As in virtue
et the said Act, and in our quality of Chief of our House, we
mime the Dotal Dig Air, we deelarc„ in cos oen with our
abotraammed dear coons, that our ancient sad now ganitories,
in all their extent, are en .fled inns a Sovereign Home. We
thank it mar tity, in consequeoce, to take ponyesion, in our
Damn. end ia that of our don 0011,11 t, of the rights of Sane-
mirk'', ems, the said States. Lordratipe, sad It...penT. We
Tall and reqstire, that henceforth the rights of sovereignty be
SUMlCillled in cowmen. We add the formal assurance, that we
.hall coatiase to use our efforts to before the welfare of our
new and enclent subjects. We aspect, atm, that they will
they us the game fidelity and attachment they have minced to
then former Sonweigos.

" Given it Bibe,ici., 31st Jo
" FREDERICK AUGUETTIS. Duke of Koolau.'
