PARLIAMENTART INTZLLIGENCe.

HOLTIIS OF LORDS. WIDENDAY, nil. 21.

rwE MONEY.

)h. @picot. from the Hospital, minted in account of
tbotonclaimed army prize money.
CA RNATIC COMMISSION-

Mr. Packhouse presented the second report of the Tanjore Cann.
twassionen, and the twenty-second of the Carnatis.
SLAVERY.
The Martini* of AILESBURY presented a petition front Marl.
borough. in Wiltshire, praying for the abolition of ViaTtrt.
Earl SPENCER presented a similar petition front I.Velllngbo.
lough, in Northamptomthire.
The Earl nt lIA RROW BY presented a similar petition, signed
by tit High Sheriff of the county of Leicester. Although the pe.
wino was adopted at a county meeting, his Lordship feared it
kaki not be received but as that of the Gentleman whose name
was attached to It. The meeting was most respectably attended,
and in whatever form the petition was received, he was sure it
would meet due consideration from the, Lordships.
Laid on the table.—Adjourned.
ROUSE OF COMMONS. WIDSIODoTi P.

CHELSEA HOSPITAL

Mr. Spker. from Chelsea Hospital, brought up certain papers
'dative to prize-moue,.
CAIINATIC COMMISSION.

Mr. Paekhouse brought up the twenty-aeoond Report of the Ca-
vatic Commiaaionere.--Ordered to be printed.

MA JOINT-STOCK COMPANY.

Ste E. FINATCHBULL presented a petition fnou certain In-
dividuals for leave to bring in a Bill to forma
and
company
tor improving the harbour, and for lighting and paving the :own of
Maw*.
BIRblINOHA:11 AND LIVERPOOL RAILWAY.
Kr. I.II"PLKTON presented a petrion from certain sub-
',fibers to the Liverpool and Birmingham railway. lie said the
petitioners had subscribed to the original line of road determined
r.n, but that in the Bill which was now sought for a quite
d.tfirrent line of road was projected to that to which the petitioners
had given their consent. Ile thought It very bard that those indivl.
duals should be bound to a plan which was not contemplated
is the original agreement.
The SPEAKER explained the fowl, to be observed.
Sir E. KNATUHRI'LIi thought that while the countr7 was
inundated front one end to the other with the wildest speculations,
the House should look with the greatest circumspection at any
vi those schemes. From what he knew of the affairs of the pre.
sant project he should led it his duty to oppose the mu is every
stags of its progress.
Mr. S. WORTLEY said that when a new 11111 was Intro.
dosed it was necessary that the consent of the subscribers
should be obtained. The Bill was neglected last Session lot
non.compliancs with the standing orders cf the House, and he
thought the consent of the subscribers should be asked in the present
instarms.
The SPEAKER said that the consent should be given within •
limited time.
Aftet a few observations from Mr. LITELITOMI and Sir E.
ZiwA•rointrat., the petition wits ordered to be laid on the table.
NEW LONDON.BRIDOE.
Kr. Alderman WoOD brought up a Report from the Committee
of tx.ir new London-bridge.
SILK TRADE. _ .

Mr. BLACKBURtilWeserliels; petition from the silk•
throwsters of Manchester against the importation of foreign silks,
sad a similar petition from the operative silk.manufacturers of the
same place.
Similar petitions were presented by Mr. S. WORTLEY from
the operative manufacturers of Milburne; by Sir T. LETH.
1111DOL from Frome ; by Mr. Lsoos from the county of
Worcester; and by Mr. BANKER from Stockbridge.
FRENtili GLOVEi.

bard DEERIII.:FtuT held in his hand a petition from Woe.
tester, against the Importation of French gloves, but, on his name
being called by the Speaker, he begged to decline presenting it, in
iust•ce t:r the petitioners in the then thin state of the 'louse.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.

--___..
Get! LOWTHER presented petition from the clergy and In.
bar:l:ants of l'enrith, praying fur the abolition of slavery.
birnilor petitions were presented by Mr. DENISON from Dock.
iv:;, sod by Colonel easter:Hsu from Derby. 31r. H•wisow
presented a similar petition from the Protestant Convocation of In.
sAependents on the same plaie.
WIDOWS' PENSIONS.
Sir F. OMM ANN EY moved for a return of persons who had
solicited the Right lion. the Lords of the Treamiry, the Lords
or the Admiralty, and the Commissioners for Victualling his
Majesty's Navy, for pensions as widows of Assistant-Surgeons of
the Royal navy from the year 1805 to the year 1824 inclusive;
stating whether those pensions wet, granted, and if not, the reason
of the refusal ; with the names of the linsbarids of such widows,
and the date of their decease, if stated in the petitions of their
widows. . . .

off ceni to receive their half•pay after they had gone into holy
orders. He would renew the subject before the whole Court of
Admiralty.
Mr. DOUGLAS said that it could ne►er have been the practice.
The lion. Member for Aberdeen (Mr. Ram!), in IRII, moved lot
a rcturn of officers, who, being in holy orders, received half-pay ;
and the return given to that lion. Member was, that none were
known to receive half.pay under such circumstances!.
Mr. BROODEN brought np the Report of the Transfer of Alds
Dill, the Exchequer Bills Rill, and the West India Clergy Bill.
__ ANNUAL INDEMNITY DILL.

The Anneal Indemnity Dill was read a third time and passed.
SOUTH AMERICAN' TREATIES
The Orate, of the Day on the South American Treaties Bill
being read--
3lr. RItRERTSOh said that the system of reciprocity which
was the spirit of those trestles was injurious in many points of
view, but particularly prejudicial to the shipping interest of this
country. It hail been hitherto the policy of this country to pro-
tect that interest by restrictions. A large body of men had embarked
considerable capital in that trade, who must, by the measures now
proposed, lose 10 per cent. on that capital. Out of the policy which
had until now been adopted grew the bonding system. This
country became the grand storehouse of the worlti, and the English
became the carriers of Europe. Miuisten should pause before they
interfered with those interests and gave a shock to those embarked
in that trade, when the country watt already so much depressed.
The Americans could build ships at a much cheaper rate than they
could be butit in this country ; and if the shipping interest of this
' country was not protected, it could not compete with foreigners.
Ile knew no reason why the Colombians should have the privilege
attindeti them by the treaty. Ile hoped the House would pause
before it gave its sanction to the Bill.
Sir It. INGLIS said that if reciprocity was to be the spirit of
these treaties, it should be more extended. There was no reci.
prucity of religious privileges ; while the Colombians had the
free exercise of their religion in this country, our settlers in
Colombia were only allowed to exercise theirs in private; that
was the more surprising, because there was nothing to the cowls.
thin of Colombia to call for those restrictions. Now, the treaty
bore date the 18th of last April, and the Colombian Minis-
ter who signed it but, on the 4th day of the same mouth,
presided at the meeting of a Bible Society. The Secretary
of that meeting had been formerly a Secretary to the Inquisition,
anti the very hall in which the assembly took place on that occasion
had been originally devoted to the purposes of the Inquisition. Ile
felt himself folly justified in asserting that enlarged principles of
liberation and of Christian spirit pervaded these States. The Hon.
Baronet then proceeded to read an extract from a newspaper pub.
hatted in Bpenos Ayres. in which the Editor stated that the people
of that country were fully sensible of the benefits of religious
freedom, and were disposed to act according to the spirit of
that principle In its greaten latitude. When lie considered
the liberality of Bolivar, anti the cordiality with which his
actions were met by the inhabitants of the countries over
which he presided, he (Sir Hobert Inglis) felt himself more
confirmed in the opinion that he entertained, that the greatest fa.
ditty existed for the introduction of religious toleration. Though
the newspaper from which he had read the extract was not an of&
cial document, it was but fair to presume that it was not contra.
dictory to the popular feelings. Such an accordance was particu.
larly to be expected in the infancy of such establishments. The
states of Chili, Peru, of Guatemala, and of Ilayti, were quite ripe
for the expansion of religious toleration. He would say nothing of
Mexico in this respect. But he regretted that regard had not been
paid to this subject in the recent transaction with Colombia, for
that was a state in which the influence of the Pope had been nearly
extinct. Then was the time to introduce the toleration of which
he bad spoken, and he was sorry the opportunity bad been ne-
glected.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER regretted that
the Hon. Baronet (Sir Robert Inglis) had nut taken occasion to
discuss the question when his Right lion. Friend (Mi. Canning),
who wax concerned in the agitation and ratification of the treaties,
was present. Ills Hon. Friend would have satisfied the Hon. Ba.
roue that there was no cause for introducing this matter into the
stipulations of those documents. They were treaties merely affect-
ing the navigation laws of this country, and it would not have been
very consistent to have coupled with that subject the volition of
religious toleration. Though the Governments of Great Britain
and Colombia may have been favourable to the measure desired by
the Hoe. Baronet, it did not follow that there might not be impe-
diments to obviate. He agreed in the wish which had been ex-
pressed by the Hon. Baronet, but he was surprised when his Hon.
I,'rieotl felt so much anxiety for toleration in the Catholic States,
that he did not at the same time evince a similar disposition fur its
operation among the Protestant.
Mr. IRVING then rose, but spoke in a tone which rendered Lim
in a great measure inaudible in the gallery. As we understood, he
defended the conduct of the agents and commissioners who had
been sent over to transact the treaties.

The Bill was then read a second time, and ordered to bs com-
mitted to-morrow.
_ _

Mr. BERRIES brought up papers relative to the Miscellaneous
Estimates for the year 1826, which was ordered to be printed, and
the !louse adjourned at a quarter before six o'clock.

THE BRITISH PRESS.

Efir ritfOh rcto•

The BSlfllla lassie commenced.publlehing yeeterday muffling St eV:.

•'elook.

LONDON, THURSDAY, FEBRUAIT 13. 11121.

The French Papers arc filled with dissertations on the
proposed change in the laws of inheritance in that country.
No alteration of greater importance has been attempted in
the French Constitution since the period of the revolu-
tion, none is more likely to excite opposition, and none, if
carried into effect, could produce more important conse-
quences. it is not a law to alter some particular relation,
some individual or limited interest. It is one which over-
turns the whole system upon *l►ich the possession of pro-
perty is now founded. It strikes at the very basis of that
system which has so long subsisted in France.
These Papers contain different reports relative to the
affairs of the North. Long accounts are given in them of
the funeral of the Emperor ALEXANDER. An Address of
the merchants of St. Petersburg!' to the Empress, and a
Rescript bestowing the dignity of a Count of the Empire
on OaLoer, for his conduct in the late transactions, arc
also contained in our extracts. The fact of IshssEL-
11013ef re-appointment as Minister by the Emperor
NI cit °Las is expend to give considerable embarrassment
to METTERNICH, who has learned to dread his abilities.
It is reported in the Salons of Paris that Ntc►tocas has
written sn autograph letter to the King of ENGLAND, and,
if the report have any truth in it, the Emperor seems very
anxious at least to save appearances, and to make a virtue
of neces,ity, in those ambitious designs which he is sup-
posed to have fermed against Turkey. A singular account
is given in the Queltidienne of the result of the inquiries
into the late conspiracy at St. Petersburgh, which is said
to have existed in the campaign which terminated in the
Peace of Tilsit, and to hare been discovered to At.exa Ds ft
by BONAPARTI.

',From the EioUedated Tuesday, Feb. 21.1
TAtirAXIIIOO, Jac. 11.
Yesterday the funeral procession which is to convey the mortal
remains of the Emperor Alexander to St. Petersburgh left this
town. After divine service, which was performed by the Bishop
of Ekaterinnoslaw, it set out from the church at eight in the morn-
ing. The procession was led by the Deputies of Taganrog. Hos.
toff and Marioupol ; they were followed, by the Authorities of the
place, &c. Six Generals, bearing on velvet maidens the insignia
of the Russian Orders, preceded the hearse, about which were
eight of the late Emperor's Aides-de-Camp, who had come from
St. Petersburgh to perform this last sad duty. The hearse was
followed by the Aides-de-Camp General and the persons attached
the Court of the Empress, wearing black cloaks ; two squadrons
of Cossacks with their lancet lowered closed the rear. It was not
possible to see without emotion the affliction of those old soldiers,
who are but little accustomed to pay to death the tribute of a tear.
Never was a religious ceremony more simple or more august. It
did not seem to be the funeral pomp attendant on the remains of a
powerful Monarch, but a numerous family following with aftllc.
tion and tears the obsequies of a beloved father.
The population of Taganrog, augmented by that of the environs,
lined the streets through which the funeral passed. The town,
I which was the last that had the happiness of possessing within us
walls an adored Monarch, must doubly feel the misfortune of hay.
ing lost him. While the Emperor was among us he looked with
kindness on all who approached him, and often he even went up to
persons who did not venture to accost him. He visited every place ;
no want was unknown to him ; no misfortune without consolation.
Accordingly, on seeing the funeral pass through the same streets
where the presence of the Emperor had so lately diffused happiness
and joy, sincere tears were given to the memory of a master whose
benefits will be eternally engraves on our hearts. A great many
persons of all classes went to a great distance on the road to St.
Petershurgh, and a great crowd followed to the first stage, 20 aerate
(13 miles) from the town.
Count Orloff Denisoff, Aid-de-Camp.General, conducted the fu.
nerd to St. Petersburgh, accompanied by ten of his Majesty's Aid.
de-Camps.
We are happy to Ray that the health of her Majesty the Empresa
has resisted the cruel trials to which she has lately been exposed.
All those who have witnessed this great and striking example of
resignation and love have been profoundly affected by it. Iler
Majesty has not quitted her apartments except to go to church ;
religion alone affords her consolation.
The Countess of Stroganoff, who came to Taganrog immediately
after the news of the Emperor's death had reached St. Petersburgh,
is still here.

ST. PETERABURGH, FEB. 4.
The public has not forgotten the noble support unanimously
voted by the merchants of this city to the School of Commerce.
Her Majesty the Empress Mother, the patroness of the establish-
ment, has deigned to approve the sentiments of the merchants, and
to give them the most flattering proofs of it by a rescript addressed
to the School of Commerce, and by a gold medal engraved by her
Majesty herself in 1814, and sent to M. Kousotr, the Mayor of the
city. In a meeting on the 16th of January the merchants, after
receiving with profound respect this proof of her Majesty's
favour, and the medal which is to perpetuate the memory of
it, unanimously resolved-1. To preserve this inestimable pre-
sent in the Hall of the Guild of Merchants, in which It shall be
Placed with a suitable inscription near the portrait of the Emperor.
2. To commission the Mayor to go in person with a deputa-
tion of the Merchants, to lay it at her Majesty's feet the hotline
of their respectful and lively gratitude. The Mayor and deputation
were accordingly presented to her Mr.je,ty on the 20th by his Ex-
century Senator Bulimiclotf, Chief Director of the School of
Ctm,merce.
RESCRIPT.

" To Major.Gcneral Orloff, Aiti.de.Camp General, Commander
of the regiment of Horse Guards.
" As a testimony of our regard for the qualities which distinguish
you, and as an acknowledgement for your excellent conduct ou the
26th, when, following the impulse of your zeal, you rendered an
equally important service to the interest of the throne and of the
country. We have conferred on yourself personally and on your
posterity the title of Count of the Russian Empire.
We have this duy ordered the Directing Senate to present to
us for our signature the letters patent required for the tide of Count,
which it will not fail to transmit to you accordingly.
(Signed) •• NrctloLas."

column. It seems, by the Papers that are now before us,'
as well as by those previously received, that the Congress of
the United States is paying particular attention to the naval
and military establishments. An academy at Western
Point, especially devoted to military instruction, appears
to have excited considerable interest, and to be now
placed under very strict management. The formation
of canals and roads is a favourite project at this
moment with the Legislative Body, and various
Bills have paved for the promotion of this object. The
improvement of the judicial system by these papers seems
to be closely attended to. By the following paragraph the
mission to Panama is still in abeyance. The subject
of the mission to Panama has not yet been decided upon
in the Senate. It is said that it meets with serious oppo-
sition in that body. We extract the following from the
New Turk Daily Advertiser of February Ist:
We find in a Mexican Paper a project for the establishment of a
regular trade from the western part of the country to the East
Indies, ander the direction of a company. The object is to render
Mexico the place of depot for toe commerce between Europe and
the East; and this, it is supposed, if once accomplished, would
give the same direction to that front the United States and South
America to Asia. There is little appearance of feasibility in the
project as long as the expenses and risks of transportation across
the country are so great as at present; but the proposition of such
plans is a favourable indication of the incipient enterprise of the
country, so long repressed by the oppressive policy of Spain.

- •
Speculation is still proceeding amongst the Americans,
who arc forming a joint company for the production of
theatrical representations.
Sidakvarre Company.—The bill now before the Legislature of
this busts to incorporate the Shakspeare Company in the city of
New York, proposes to erect an edifice to be appropriated to the
theatrical representation. The capital stock is not to exceed two
hunted `..liousand &dim The petitioners are Henry Astor,
Hippolitc Barren, Clarkson CmPus, John A. Graham, J. Drake,
Richard Ricker, and Hugh Maxwell, Entire. and others. The
stock, property, and concerns of the said corporation to be ma-
naged by nine directors, being stockholders, to to elected yearly.
The stockholders are to be holden in their individual and private
capacities to the payment of a!! debts contracted by the company,
to the nominal amount of their stack. Any one of the stockhuld-
ers may be sued, and the company can also be stied as a corpo.
ration.

The proceedings of the Catholic Aggregate Meetings,
which are given in another part of our paper, afford but
little evidence, either of that union among themselves, of
which so much is said, or of that good feeling towards
their Protestant fellow-subjects which they so cordially
profess. This is not a time to invite partisans to their
cause; the period is injudiciously chosen. As a consoli-
dated body of authority, the course they are pursuing is
more likely to alienate their friends than to conciliate their
enemies. It has too much the appearance of a struggle
for power, and of a struggle, too, which looks for success
in systematically loosening every principle of allegiance.
The peaceable demeanour of the English Catholics sets
them an example they would do wisely to follow. The
sober part of their fraternity have long been of this opi-
nion. Why are they not unanimous?

The Times, in a tone of invective which its bad English
renders hardly intelligible, continues, day after day, to
declaim against the power given to the Bank of England to
issue small notes until October next. "It is now clear,"
says this journal, " that the total measure (Qy. What is
meant by a total measure?) of a return to cash payments
has failed : it cannot be executed : and all that is now
proposed is an issue of Bank of England small notes, the
issuers of which will not hold themselves responsible for
forgeries, in lien of the country small notes, the forgeries
of which were paid by those whose notes were imitated."
As to the total measure of a return to cash payments having
failed, we were really not aware of cash payments being
discontinued, and we therefore cannot at all understand
what is meant by the "total measure of a return to
them having failed." All that Coverntnent aimed to
effect has been gradually to extinguish that smaller de-
nomination of notes of the country bankers, the excessive
issue of which not only occasions a local rise of prices, but
tends to supersede the metallic currency, and to introduce
by degrees an artificial paper credit, supported by means of
a circulating medium, which, not being convertible into
cash, is open to all external accidents; and when any such
accidents occur, produces all those disastrous consequences
with which the trade and commerce of the country have
been so recently visited. It is the object of Ministers to
regulate the quantity of paper issued by country banks;
and so far from this object having ,hided, it is the complete
and immediate success with which it is likely to be attended
that made it necessary for Ministers to interpose a remedy
to the inconvenience that might arise from the country
bankers thus suddenly abstainilig from all further circula-
tion of one and two pound notes, by enabling the Bank to
supply the accommodation required.
But the Times journalist affects to turn pale and to
shiver with dismay at this proceeding; lie can hardly find
language flippant or vulgar enough to express his alarm.
" We really," says he, " look upon this subject with
despair. We can merely treat with contempt the assurance
(and those who are gulled by it) that the Bank is only to
issue its small paper till next October. If it stops its issues
in October it will open them again in February, or as soon
as Parliament meets; or as soon as its small notes in cir-
culation are beginning to wear out. Why, but a week
ago, a metallic currency was to be resumed by the Bill
now in the Committee. By that very Bill it is to be re-
moved from us for three-quarters of a year. Every step
taken in this affair is deception."
If the exigencies of commerce should require the issue
of small notes by the Bank of England to be extended be-
yond October, the public, we are sure, may safely confide
in the wisdom of Parliament to act as the interests of coin-'
merce and of the country shall, at the time, be found to
require. Whatever line of policy public expediency may
suggest will, on the same ground of expediency, be justi-
fied. If at one time, and under wine circumstances, it
may be prudent to narrow the facilities of public credit, at
another time, and under other circumstances, it may be'
proper to increase those facilities. When it is said that
" but a week ago a metallic currency was to be resumed,"
an inference is conveyed, which we all know to be false,
that a metallic currency dues not exist, and that Bank notes
are not convertible into cash ! What is meant by saying
that " a metallic currency was to be resumed" which was
nut suspended? Such language can only be held for the
Purpose of wilful misrepresentation.
It is natural to suppose that every true friend to his
country would most anxiously wish success to every mea-
sure which might assist its merchants and tradesmen to
surmount the difficulties by which the commercial world
has been thus unhappily overtaken. But so mischievous
and inveterate is the hostility of the Times, that it is im-
possible to read, without abhorrence, the sentiments in
which it is expressed. It is scarcely credible that any
public journal could so far outrage every feeling of huma-
nity, as to make, in the face of the nation, such a sangui-
nary confession as the following:—
" Our only hope, as in an affair of moment, is in the
people:—THAT Irlle ritIQUIRNCT OF 711 a FORGERIES,
which must take Race, will render them ski ,11 accepting
the Bank small notes."

journal is the organ. But we abataia from furthcr rlf k
Such a sentiment as this carries its own comme:t: a
with it.

CITY, m ..'EnNEThrr EveNty,
The apparent cheerfulness of the Stock Evangel
terday was only a temporary improvement, for to-dalth
markets were in a very depressed state. Failures toa iv a
extent of commercial establishments in the country w,r,
spoken of without reserve ; three provincial banks *ere
also mentioned as being under embarrassments, and 11.)5;1
in town were talked of. With regard to the latter, we
believe that we are justified in saying th,_re is no foot.
dation for these reports. Certain it is, Iviserae
another Yorkshire bank has suspended its payamts_
repectable establishment, the North Riding, Bank
Melton, of the firm of 'lactic'', Sraiest.asu,
ALLEN. On Monday they issued a handbill, in vk
they state that they have been obliged to
inn'
opt ti
method owing to the long-continued and
ermiz
pressure upon their establishment, and the utter inqm,".
bility of getting in their resources, in consequence of it,
present stagnation in the trade anti commerce o th,
country ; but assure the public that their affairs sew
such that there is more than sufficient to pay every
demand in full. The handbill further states tint
about five years ago, the were defrauded and tobbei
by a former partner and his accomplices to the amain
of sixty thousand pounds ; notwithstanding which Me,
hal maintained their credit and character ever sine;
ind had, within the last two months, paid nearly one hii.
dred awl twenty thousand pounds in discharge of to
engagements.
These unfavourable 'rumours, together with the above
fact, had a severe effect upon Consols, which opened at
78g. The did not ong maintain this quotion, mdial
to 771, and chasing, l
after various fluctuationats, at Isi,
a very feverish state. Bank Stock was got 206, la
ditto 234, the Bonds 1 dis., and Exchequer Bills at par
to 1 premium. A variety of reports were in circulation
as en the Ministers assisting the merchants with a '
of Exchequer Bills on property, which immediately
duced a favourable effect at least for the moment;
these reports could do no more, for they could be up'
no authority.

i The Foreign Market participated in the glow of ,
morning, particularly Transatlantic Securities ; Colombita
Bonds fell from 46,1 to 4.5, Mexican 6 per Cents, to SISI,
and Brazil Stock to .57, Spanish Bonds were 10, 10, Greek
ditto 18, and Russian ditto 781; but this market ins
nearly neglected by reason of the interest excited in tl4
English Stock Exchange from the constant fluctuations 4
Consols.

There was not much doing in Shares, but still prices d 3
not get ►corse.

FASIIIONABLE INT,

'LLIGENCR.

The Counteu of Antrim entertsioed a select party yesterday, X tie
owe In Berkeley-square.
The Bishop of Exeter entertained a distinguished party at diaper yrs.
~rday, at his house in Great George—Areet, Wevtmlnhter.
John Weyland, Esq. had a dinner party yesterday, at his house la CA,

The Dowager Marchioneas of Londonderry has arrived at Batten*
rom her seat, Bolderwood Lodge, Hants.
The Earl of Eases has arrived in town from bls seat, Caelifobary Part

The Countess of Dartmouth Das arrived at her house In BerkeleT.opan,
rem Sandwell, Staffordshire.

Lord Henry Fitzgerald has arrived at Miller's Hotel, Jenny:waren,
Mr. and Man. Dupree have left ditto, for Salisbury.
Lord Nugent left town yesterday, for his brother's, the Date of 8.1.
Ingham's, Stowe.

The Right Honourable H. Goulburn has arrived at bit house la P.
man-square, from Dublin Castle.
Lady Harriet Paget has arrived In town, from the Earl of Dartmouth's
seat, Sandwell, Staffordshire.

Arrivals at 'Penton's New Hotel, St. James's.street --Captain ("As,
from a tour ; Thomas Page, Esq. from his seat, Cobham.
Arrivals at the St. George's Hotel, Albemarle-street :—Lord and LIM
Crawley, front their seat lu Surrey; Mr. Nteholsou and hte bride, f...
Cheltenham.

Departure.. from the Bath Hotel :—Captain and Mrs. Poker, for to
Continent; William Walter, Eaq. for Brighton; Mr. and Mn. Lauer,,
or their seat to Norfolk.

KEAN IN PHI

We copy, tart a Boston pa
the Philadelphia U.S. Gaza
lowing account Of 11r. Kean'
.4 Tovvrny.-54Y. fierin pert
most crowded house we ever witr
greeted with a loud weh oole.
disapprobation, the audience wag
several hearty cheers.
• There were some expressioni
slued throughout the peaormar
alight, and scarcely sufficient t
lie was announced for Orro.llo at
" The multitude in front of ti
saatonishingly great. V. tame
•n their part."
The Democratic Press of
lowing communication :
" To the Citizens of Philtd
lest evening, but was prevailed o
than to give utterance to the fe
mewed in my bosom.
" Fr.ends who take an interest
most unfounded stories have I
judice you against me. For my
should suppose, would be sat
punishment. The inhabitants
of aver having offended; hut,
moat sincerely regret it. I have
kindest feelings, sod the even
deeper upon my heart the reap
the study and pride of my life u
•• Philadelphia, Thursday me

COIT lti T--GA It

I.lst night a new Oratorit
called Thanksgiving, comp
Mus. Doe. The name of
known, and his works hith
that it is scarcely necessarj
melodies, glees, and harmoni
lection of all those who have
has now embarked in a nobl
ever danger might be stipF
taking, he has come off vice
Oratorio is no light matter,
-been done since the days of
sot but suppose that the at
matter of considerable don
shown himself competent to
Mount o/'Olives, descriptiv,
;lever be forgotten by those w
land, the attempts at Onto
very limited nature. Of 1
the only one who has attain
roble work, but, uufortuna
objection on the part of the
In manuscript, and has no
at either of the Theatres; t
the work is therefore ecntin
opportunity of bearing it
Chiefs," is a masterpiece of
Of Sir John Stevenson'
that it possesses little of o
least effective part of his cc
tative by Air. Braltam, of
was highly wrought, and 1
ductiun to the general subji
John has shown himsel
harmony of his trios, qt
the minor movement in
played great beauty, ant
thing have breath,`' and
were not less effective. '1
our most unqualified app
wrought, and ably illustrs
Of these, " Sing unto the
first part, and " For all tli
the second, we think were
silos. The one assigned

air, " 0 praise Coil,'; is a
terly, composition, and the
infinite credit ; we certain

if
tiltr(ltltini "
t:1
it 1141,i
:rya.
gel !es.
47 the a
krge
rY were
ks "re., I
11.)1„.,
.ter, .
o fuue. •
Y, tll4 Ib
Its—tht,
ask, „ 1
aad
w which
lc:Ruin;
inqA„.
e of tke
Of the
Fairs are
ever)
es thy
I robb4
arnoo„
id* they
T tinc,
the huL•
of to
abort
Pene4
receding
764, is
6r India
la 44 per 'd
rculation
ha loan
gel), pro.
:at; and
Ulted to
no of '
:olombito
[s. to 561,
10, Greek
trlet vas
ed in ;Is
melons
prices to
rdat a hi
chaser ye.
use to C.et,
t Batten%
lobster Put
clerics"
napa•nrres,
ke of But.
use la Pett•
Dartmoutt's
prate C"..e,
d and Ws
bride, f..a
ker, for th
