r

i-404
tio•
witb I

~leant: zee that art afforded him by the dissentient; that prevail
wog the Royalists themselves.
The Number of May I contains a very long edict from
the Guretnor and Municipality of Monte•A'itleo. calling on
the ilribitants to il:clare their wish, that the Constitution
cgLr,d by the Emperor may be immediately proclaimed. I
lo the Argus of the 13th May is the following document, I
which bad been posted up in all the public places of Monte
NOTIC CTO THE PTIBLIC.--The most VTMien Council (Ca- I
bald) which, by a formal Edict, summoned all dames of Citieens I
residing in this Capital, to repair to the Town Hall to subscribe in I
me ores° books their fror vote, for the purpose of stating whether
sky wish, or do nut wish, that the project of the Constitutian shall I
booked for as the fundamental Lew of the Empire of Dread, has
shooed with surprise the small number of persons who have par.
iiitipated in so solemn an act, and signifies to the obstioate, that their'
&wiliness will be considered as disobedience.
N 'nterkleo, April 28,
(Prom the Argot of the of May.)
The Mail from Chili, which arrived last night, bongs very little I
it,., trout Peru. Lntrrs, from rental Authority, referring to leuers
fn n II uancho of the fhb of March, state that the enemy occupied
the criial with VW men, and that their parties advanced as far as
Chalcay, between four and six leapts to the north of Lima ; they
reamed to expert Canters; with more term ; Bolivar hail his!
head-quarters at Ouarmei. seventy-tour leagues to the north di
balms, where fie would maintain himself till he received all the re-
leo:cements tt a be expected front Colombia. From all circuit:-
maned, it was calculated that there would bet general batnr tle.
Al
The Paper of this date detains the account claw reception of
the new Governor, Don Oregorio de Las Haas. in the Hall of the
Repeescr.tatires„ where be took the oath to eteeute Ms Odin, faith.
to enforce the laws, and to maintain the itdependince of the
State and its liberty under a representative 'republican system, after
which be was truly invested. The Foreign Diplomatic Agents
were afterwards presented, via:—M. !Lanny, Minister Plenipo-
tentiary from the United States; his Secretaryi a l'esnaol ; Seabee
Tunes. Charge d'Affaires of Colombia : Mr. Parieh, Consul-Ocno-
ral of his Dritannic Majesty, and two Vice-Cobauls.
Mar IL

The paper of this date comic* no farther news front Pon. except
that Valdes, who the Editor rare sea always at variance with
I Hanes. i aa row recognised him as Conianindor.in-(hief In Upper
Peru. Valdez has 4,000 Men.

MF:SSAGF OF THE BUENOS AYRWS Exrcertrr.
TO THEI.EGINLATIFE ASSEMBLY, OB HOUSE
OF REPRESENTATIVES.

BiTENos AITUES. MAY 3, 1821.

GTVTLEXES REPRESZN7ATIv ES—The fourth dieetin.: of
the legislature of this State. azsetnbled together in the manner
prescribed by the laws. will Ilford to those who have any regard
ibr Institutions established for the preservation of their any
additional confidence, and the Government. in rendering you
an aemunt of the prese it state of public affairs, commences by
cetera:elan:4 iiself on that feeling which; yearly :neressing,
pill mare and more conduce to the security of the Represen.
twee system.
Peace has been rrulitained with the nations of the Continent.
*livery true Amerlun heart has been 61!ed with satisfaction at
the reception in our city of the first Minister Plenipotentiary of
the Rcpubl e of the United State.; al toooor Which has been
retuned by our inpointment of a Minister of corresponding rank,
who has already deputed fur Washington. He has been instructed
to sug4est to the (internment of that &public, haw desirable it
•ited be, if, in addition to those two great principles, viz.: That
of tie &boll:ton of piratical a arfare, and that of the ~Zon-European
calenizition sf kneiican territory, it could also lie declared, that
none of ti new I loteraments of this Continent shall alter by force
that r rests list boundaries, as recognised at the time of this ernan-
eiestiin. Thus may be destroyed the germ of future disseasions,
whiek, springing up amongst new States, might have • fatal in-
Noce upon their essilizstion and manners.
The same Minister will establish our relations with the Republic
of itlaico, width, afar many fearful vicissitudes, now gives us
hopes corresponding with her exalted destinies.
The Republic of Cu'o nbia at last sees its vast territory entirely
free front enemies, and the happy state of our mutual relations
induce us to exp:ct shortly the ratification of the treaty of the Uth
of March„ _ .

The Minister sent to the Republic of Chili and Peru has
strengthened the bonds of our natural amity and alliance with them.
The illustrious President of Colombia will shortly open the cam-
paign against the only forces of the enemy which remain
.on the
Continent. The number and quality of his troops, the spirit which
an mates them, and the ability of the Chief who commands them,
promise the happiest result*.
The loose revolt of the garrison of Celiac, which has et: this mo.
meat thrown a tempo try loom over our expectations, will soon be
let among those suet •saes which must. ere long, put an end to the
oppreuion of Peru. Time has more closely cemented our alliances
with the provinet s of Santa Fe, Entre Rios, and Corrien•es.
The remaining provinces of the old Union continue in a state of
tranquillity:. and the Government has not only cultivated friendly
relations wi h them all, but its cruets far the establishment of
Danced representation promise to be crowned with success. Many
d the provioees have already nice cd their Representatives, whilst
others are preparing to do so, and it is probable that we shall
shortly see the instillation of a general Congress. and the
to-union of one common family, too long dispersed and divided.
lo the intimate penuacion that nothing will to much contribute
to ase a national •p:rit above all individual prejudice as the
dismala lion througoout every part of the union of real advan-
tages, which till now have been unknown, this Government has
hastened its preparations for a general Congress.
The public cnedit and connexions acquittal by this Government
have enabled it to promote the toemation of powerful companies of
aspic sLats, ready to undertake to explore our mines—to facilitate
the inked trade and navigation of the great rivers which traverse
the province of the Union—to introduce in others the means of
transport by steam reslels—and, finally, to establish a manioc
bank, a hiela may assist these operations, and provide fa the pro-
vinces that capital, which is necessary for the promotion anti en-
coaragement of their respective industry.
It is touch to be lamented, Gentlemen, that the Court of Brasil
shield have refused to listen to the first remonstrances mode foe
the restitution of the province of Monte Video. Enough has been
done to prove our no deration • for the rest it remains with the
Omani Government to act. it is a national cause, and it is for
the nation to defend it.
The Governments had flattered itself that the voice of reason, as
well as the dictates of reason, would have led to the ratification of
the convey tion of the 4th of July, signed by the Commissioner, of
Majesty, and the edablitament of a permanent peace:
but the policy which predominates in Madrid since the fall of the
Constitution, and the hostile measures since renewed, in.
these us to btliere. that it may, perhaps, be still necessary to coin-
pier sbh he seal the work ut..ur independence. Having given
his Catholic 311ujeley an u-lookeil.for example of genererity, we
than dew him, that our original energy is increased with our means
of Mei. ce.

Fut this pu•pose, those resources are in reparation which the
pod tune of our elimes.ic Akin enable us to misc. To the new I
Adinenistratico is reserved the merit of making the wisest and most'
erfiacious use of them. Some measures will, in consequence, b'
immediately salmi ted for your consideration and it will be antis-
fanli fur you to know the Means which you are possessed of
f turstainiatt a rev's: warfare, with more energy and fewer saeri.
fires than heretofore. In the meantime, we liaise sent, and con_
trace to send, succours iortalts. without reference to those sums of
matey with will be propose' for your approbation.
Under thesecircamstsaces. it trust be very satisfactory to you
Is observe the policy adopted, in a manner so digoilied, as
well as frank and &aided, by his Ilajesty the King of tired
Britain.

_
The soalozy of titling' and principhm mar-ire-4a by the Cabi.
ors of I. 'Trion and Washington will convince Spain, that she
frtin commit singly with trt? free rations of the New World.
nanction will, perhaps, introduce into ha Council that
'adore and moderation wbich are of Mania importance to her
eximme.
We have twelve', honourably, a Consul-General from his Ilri-
ta'tokA__
in SNcny, alto will in
to
in our city ; a ol it has bey
en
"Pnient, it return, to appoint a Consul.Gcncral, to re-
sid Latin.
rr.ini....thenlernote, the public pence has not been disturbed; and
popula ele ti we, yined to the quiet eirnamspection with
11,_ich, nett a tre• and respectful people. you have elected a new
_amt. fir the province. at the time, and in the mole, prescribed
las. all prnte, that giku! citizens will not lose their spirit in
alias' remade use Cl their freedom.
The as}
decreed for Juvenile Education in the city
sad in the evotty have been completed. There, together with
the Iletatni rot par female children, Prir.ded in this city, make a
nal wh'e't cannot but serve as a stimulus to the other "2-
Melts of a similar description ; they have multiplied
a'btl, and give us reason to look forward to the prospects of a
"Lag Seleration, much surpassing that which has preceded it.
I a youth of this and the other moo Inas of the Union, who are
rlat'3l in our Universities, acquire fresh meant' of advancing
1,1 the moral and natural aciencr d. and are neither likely to render
Linda the exertions of the Government, or the sal of their
natters. The stay of political cenomyc has been commenced this
j"" khanßent Officers edge of which will tend to =awe us hereafter Intel-
Professorship' have been estabashed, which were necessary for
°lda...a:ll ls the education of thole young mew who dedicate themselves Church.
The Schools of surgery have been provided with an abundant
al excel'.., colk aloe- of(r instruments.
A laboratory of chemistry, and a matt complete Physical appa—
htas
• ntiantruembezib,rco::ght from Europe, to serve foe the inesaccont,
T• the collection of mineralt which already exists will shortlrbe
!'lled, the madinary rulapted to the study of mineralogy. The
f:iool of Practical Agricubure has commenced the introduction
IsLiat' country of trees, of which it was Much want. sal will
tp
his practical information which will render this branch
zer!_ the simplem understanding. The library continues on
and IL • received ie the present year valuable additions.
the
toddy has completely fulfilled the public (spec a-
v.; the zeal and intelligence of the When who compose ,t,
bat 4 the progress in the education of the girls and titeee.;
EZ• Inparanca which the female Orphan School Itr. I.
I are enlarging and their interior arrangements are loi-
n% with a considera. hie reduction of expense. The Vaccine
hmeot has proved, in this year of stagers. its power in
7.,ttnd with, end to overcome, all the violence of the disease.
h:°_ac norsinp is conduct's' with its usual splendour; the entiel-:
'mem of the Cathedral of the Province goes aurchea
on with celerity
bare been repaired, othets are building in the

country, and the Treasurer brilearslatesl them with sums of money
'which will be laid before you for your apprnbetien. The (Teri y
continue to do honour to the station they hold in society ; in Mir,
the country may rest assured that, tincirr every circumstance, it
will preserve without reproach that glory which it has acyuited in
the muse of liberty. Reform in the arintinistrrtion of justice is an
I object in primary importance to the cnuntry, but it is, at the same
i time, one most ditlicult and dangerous to carry into effect. That
Refottr must be tuuntleal on the exisring INMIVII • but it would he
ininttadent to apply these, until their first principles arc sufficiently
I understood by those whose duty it may hereafter become to explain
I and administer the laws.

The Magiatraty has succeeded in gradtially diminishing the I
existing Ly an augmentation IX its own moral three,
and an active anxiety to prevent crimes, and to dieroutage litiga-
tion ; and it is put justice to confess, that it has fultided its duty
with a laudable zeal; that it has °Taman, great diflisniltimarising
nut of the laws thernitelves i and that its labours have b: en lane
&mite of a more efficacious mode of correction of crimes, and a
more comet knowledg t d tie hts.
The system of the poli:e hal been improved with greater ecru!
loony. 'Die execution of the law of the 20:h December last, it."
I
placed in the hands of the citizens that duty, purely civil, with
which the army was formerly improperly entrusted.
The moseahle properly in the country, which becomes more.
liable to be attacked in proportion to its increase, is better secured
against robbery, and the means adopt-el to regulate the service in
the plains have produced the best effects. The streets of the Coto '
and the roads have received extraordinary improvements, and a
usehil spirit of entery'tse in constructing bridges and other public
works, begins to show itself in the city. The departments of the
architectural and hydraulic., have sau.factorily fulfilled the duties
of their institutton ; in a short time they will be provided with
'throe instruments which are respiisi:e for facilitating and extending
their operations, especially that of the harbour. The standing'
army preserves its morals and discipline; it has driven back the
aavages who invaded our province. recovering from them an id).
mense booty, and it is now occunied to constructing works on the
new frooners. Ily the decree of the 23d April last year, which
has been since earn .11 into execution, the education of those young
man is sofffeently pmvieleel for, who may be expected to distin-
guish thentarlyta in the rank of Officers. slut it is neees airy to de-
clare to you, that the laws appointed Err recruiting and filling', the
army are lasiffieteat. The 0 trernment has made every species
of sacrifice to effect this object outer the Province, and has Daly
been successful io the fntre Rios. You wilt perhaps now beton-
rinced that there is no ether means than those laid before you in.
the year lea Thy tuilitary treasury is in an excellent state ; the
result of the examination of the chests of the dtff-rent caps, just
finished, las dote honour to their ortutarders. The ordnance, ,
which is now settficieetly provided for ordioary occa.siom, will be
empt.entell to meet extraordinary etre -genet. s. The .chninistra-
tion of the public finances proteeds it good ()Mil.. It will eon.
anus so, venial we cm aid. r as sacred this principle. viz. " That
the just !etymon of our debts Is itself a fund of riches." Our
whole debt is row emiselidated. The system of public credit
i. bec'men; more inteligible even to the most prejudiced, I
a 1 to the ast instructed ; and this will best insure its preserve-
non. The Rank has runt, level the capital assigned to it on its
foundation. Its prosperity exceeds the most sanguine 11,oes, and
its utility is felt by all classes.
tea alas to carry into effect a coinage suited to our wants, and
which way be substituted For that which Spain issued to us after
the model of her own. For this object, plans aril measures are
prepared for the establishment of a mint on the most perfect and
economical footing. The public revenue has sufficed. not only for
the endwiry, but alao for the great extraordinary, expenses of the
year. It is, however, to be regretted, that experience slices us the
neecssity of a course to more efficacious measures, to obtain from
the citizen, those moderate direct contributions which have been
decreed as indispensably necessary for the preservation of public
order, since it aupears that the conviction of duty and the stimulus
I of honour upon which they were founded, are to:ally insufficient.
Industry tin the country. Increases rapidly, and the amount of
capital employed in egrteultural pursuits becomes every day
grcaier. The necessary means have beechtaken for the encourage.
mem of an itemise of agriculturists, and it is to be hoped that the
industrious families who arc to people the rich plains of the south,
will begm to arrive. In proportion as the value of land increases.
the necessity is felt of edopung some decisive plan, for cutting
short those litigations, as to the boundaries of property, which im-
poverish &oldie., and desolate the country. The Government has
adopted such SA it could, and has others in preparation, as well ass
general basis for the diettibut an of public lands, which, by en.
couraging industry, will become a principal mace of public re-
venue. Commerce, assisted by institutions which legalise and en-
college it. has preserved its prosperity, notwithstanding political
eircumttancea which limit the sphere of its operations. The dan.
gees of the navigation of the river up to this city here been dinti-
ni.hed, by placing buoys on the inner banks, and it is determined
to firm an establishment of safe and economical vessels, which
will he stationed on all the shoals front the isle of lobes, and
which will be furnished with signals for the guidance of naviga-
tors both by day and night. The acconnts of last year, and the
sums mowed for the ordinary service of the text, are presented
on this occasion by the Sliaster of Finance, for your opinion sad
delibera•io,.

Finsf.y. Gentlemen, it is impossible that you can contemplate
the actual state of the affairs of this Province without directing
your attention to a comparison with that in which they appeared
three years ago, when a feeling of public virtue brout,ht us toge-
ther, to lay the foundation of three wholesome institutioes which
have restored to us liberty, and a prospect of peace, then lost to us.
The new Administrations will have to preset ve those institutions
from the errors and false zeal cf the well-disposed, which the dis-
organising activity of bad citizens, and the artful hypocrisy of fo-
reign tynotx, may turn to their own account. Your cordial and
zealous co-operation will not be less necessary to the Government to
preserve, than it was to create, these institutions. You will not,
therefore, disapprove that it concludes by repeating to you the words
which the venerable President of the great Republic of our l'ontl-
sent has made use of to its Repre.entatives in his last Ille,sag::—
" There never was a period since the establishment of our Hero-
lutior. when regarding the cot dition of the civilized world, and its
hearing on us, there was greater necessity for devotion in the public
servants to their respective duties, or for virtue, patriotism, and
union, in our constituents."
(Signed)

BERNARDINO RIVADAVIA.
MANUEL I. GARCIA.

EMIGRATION FROM NEW YORK TO HAITI.

A project for prcmoting the emigration of black or
coloured people from New York to Ilayti nuns to have
excited much attention in that city. It appears from the
report of the meeting called, to consider the feasibility of
the
plan, that there were, according to the census of 1820, 11
1129,2/9 free peolle of colour, and 10,088 slaves in
the State of York ;singc which period 11w slaves had
decreased, and the free people of colour augmented, but
that the condition of the latter was unhappy. We know
that there exists a great prejudice against this class in de
minds of the white people of America, which is not very
honourable to men blessed with the free institutions which
they possess, and which feeling ought long ere this to have
been totally eradicated. Tice conduct of a Mr. Granville,
a man of colour, who has been commissioned to negociatc
respecting this emigration, s.vms to have given considerable
saes'action in New York ; yet, his colour has subjected
even him to affront :-
1
. EMIGRATION TO HAYTI.

At an atl,otmnl meeting of citizens, convened to take into con-
sideration the proposition of President Boyer, relative to the emi-
'otion of free persons of colour to llavti, held in the New York
Institutive, on Friday, 206 inst. Peter A. Jay, Esq. was called to
the Chair, and H. !atrium chosen Secretary.
The Chair was sobaeonently resumed by Thomas Eddy, who
presided at the former .t.eet:ng.
The Committee previously sppoinreti, of which Mr. FAdy was
' Chairman, intnxtuoed the following Report, which, after being read
by the S.eretary, wed .
The Committee w'pointtd at a meeting of citizens, held on the
10th instant, to take into consideration the documents submitted to
the meeting relative to the emigration of coloured persons to Hayti,
to gain infortuatiortrelativeto this subject, and report thereon, on
the 25th instant, respectfully Beret—
That in pursuing the object of their appointment, their attention
was tint turned to the number and condition of persons in out own
st te, proposal to be benelitted by the propositions of President
Boyer.
Ace. Oleg to the Census of the United States made in 1320, there
were to the State of New York 2tJ,2710 free protons of colour and
10.= slaves. Since that time it is known that the number of
slays has diminished, and the number of free persons of en!. ur
in-
eteased. The period Seed by law foe the termination of slavery is
this State is the 4:h of July 1821
It is well known that the condition of our coloured population is
very unfortunate, and when the Committee aurert to the turans of
their introduction amongst as, and the cause which now prevents
their moral and intellectual advancement, they cannot bat doubt
that their fellow-citizens, influenced as well by a sense of justice as
the impulses of philanthropy, wilt cheerfully embrace any omit.
tunity that may are to place the descendants of Africa in a si-
tuation which will ftirni‘h them with more powerful motives than
are (trend them among ourselves, to respectability of charades and
intellectual improvement.
The Island of Hayti is supposed to offer such a Tht
propositions made by the Government of that country, have been
considered by the Committee with as much attention as the short
lame allowed them to make a report would permit. The propoai-
tions appear to the Committee to be liberal, and in their opinion
are boa tumble to the Government whence they emanated. The
Committee hare also conferred with the Citilen Graniilie, the au-
thorised agent of the Republic of Hayti ht this country, and firom
information derived from him, as well as from that before in their
possession, they feel around that the form of government there in-
acres to the citizens a gond degree of civil and religiotta Shirty—
sad that the means of impmvement at present in successful opera.
ti.m there, will at no dint tot period enable Hsytt to hold a respect.
able rank among Christian nations. Thosi of one coloured popu-
:ation who may think prop:. to emigrate to that country, will
immediately become dozens, and possessors of all the privileges
set inurunities appertaining to that character. It is not, however,
to he concealed, that suet emigrants may, by a change of climate,
and a connection with a people speaking a diffcnnt language from
their own, be subjected for a time to inconveniences and embalm..
merits. These may however he surmounted, and the children nfl
the emigrants will be been to a better inheritance and brighter pros-
pects, than awaited the nativity of their parents.
Your Committee have received information that a meeting of a
number of respectable eoloared persons in this city ham bees held,

at which the prOpositiona of Preaident Byer were read and highly
approved.
Il'ittrout entering more minutely into the ahbject, your Com-
mittee would briefly expert% the conclogion at which they have ar-
rived. That in their opinion, the cirelinhtiancea and proapeeis of •
large proportion of our coloured uopuladu.l would be efterttelly
improved be beemning citist.ir of Hayti. They therefore think
that the emigration , i such pervon% to that ceitatry ought to be
propoted... . .

A. the objeet propmed to be rattled by the preceding remarks
cannot he compawiril by i.tdividual siertim., bat will require ctm.
eert and action, the Committee would submit the billowing nsolu.
Lion. for the adoption of their feliuw.eitizeno, Blot whom they de-
rivet their appointment.
The resolution. r-portcd by the Committee, after some amend.
menu, yawed ac follows :
__.

Rewired-I'Na it ta expedient to form a Poet-tr, to be called
" The Society for Promoting the Emigration of Free :'ersoos of
Coleus to Hayti."

fre.(-:iniet a subecrimiee of twenty dollars shall entitle the
subscriber to be a member of said Society for lire, and an orthual
subscription of three dollars shall entitle the subscriber to the right
of membership during the continuance 04 said subscription.
Resolved—That the business and afrairs of .aid Society shall be
conducted by a Board of Managers. to consist of iwenty.tire of its
member., and that until the ..rganiaation of Said &unity, the fol.
lowing pennins shall compose said Board.
A Committee was then appointed to nomina • the Manager..
who reported the billnwing nanirs. which sere approved by the
meeting:—.Matthew Clarkson. D. enters. Peter .1. Jay,
Heine Newbold. Joo. Wainwright, Thomas Itnbm C.
Cornell, John Gri.com; L. D. Ihnirey, Jnshus Und.rhill. Isaac
Collins, John Pintail, ;Stephen Allen, John E. Hyde. Joseph
Smith, James Palmer. John It. H'illis, :'l2.jah l'aylor, John H.
Hurd. Win. Colgate, SetTlltl (:01111rey. Cornelius Du Bois, Theo-
dore Delight, Jonathan Goodhue: H. Ketchum.

Citizen Granville, the egret of President Boyer. who had been
preytnisly introduced by Thomas Eddy, then requested pertnission
to address a few remarks to the meeting, which was chetsfully
granted. Thinugh the medium of Professor Griscom, wba official.
ed as interpreter, Citizen lir:ova/it capes-RNA his ',arm *clumsy-
ledgments fir the measures which had been adopted to promote the
views of his Government ; and as a private citizen, reeuested per-
mission for himself and countrymen to make pecuniary contrinu.
tions m the Society when it should be tome, d, in aid of its benevo-
lent slows. ll'hcreupon thelidlowhig reuilu:ion was introduced
by Dr. M'ainivright, and &dome.
Ranked—That thin meeting highly appreciate the liberal offer
made by Citizen Granville, and reednimet.d that the Sor:tir
after to be formed accede to the proposition made by him in bebalf'
of himself and coentrymen.
A very well written and interest:no communication. addressed
to Thos. Eddy and other.. from Samuel E. Cornish, Peter Williams,
andothers, a Committee appointed by a meeting of coloured persons
held in the Presbyteilon Church, in Elm-strezt, on the 16th
to deliberate upon the offers made by President Moyer, was then
read. and referred to the Managers of the contemplated Society.
The meeting men adjourned.

THOMAS EDDT, Chairman.

11. Ketehtim. Socretary.
A Meeting of the klananert will be held at the Gnrernot's Room,
in the New York Hospital, this afternoon. at four o'clock.

WAR WITH THE BURMESE.

From* the roarthr.l
We have already publ.shcd, front the Calcutta Gazettea, the de.
tails of the tirat operations of the war, into which our Government
in India has been compelled to engage by repeated acts of outrage
and aggreNsion of the Burmese nation. The following paniculirs
rcspecnng the rise and progress of the quarrel have since come to
our knowkdget and we think we can rely on the authenticity of
them :

The dispute is of some standing, the Burmese Laving for sere-
ne years made encroachments on the eastern frontier of Chittagong.
Tike first advanced pretensions to the ,jungles frequented by our
elephant hunters, whirh were unquestionably situated within the
British boundaries. They next laid claim to the island of Sha-
puree, sittia•eti on the extreme point of the narrow strip of the
main land which forms the southern frontier of the Chittagong dis-
trict, and is separa,ed from it only by a rareow channel. The
main stream of the Haat; the acknowledged boundary of the two
States, flows between the island and the eastern or Burmese bank o
the river.

In the commencement of ivr, a boat belonging to British sub-
jects, passing near Shammy, wu stopped by a party of Burmese,
armed with matchlocks, and the steersman was shut dead on the
spot. On this a small guard was sent to take post on the island,
to prevent funhet outrage, and to afsird protection to the peaceable
inhabitants of the distnct.
The Rajah of Arracan demanded, in terms of haughty and in.
solent menace, that this post should be withdrawn. Ti.e British
officer, in May. 1•111tWed 1111 well from the position of the island, as
from the records at Calcutta, that Chittagong had been inva.-iably
comprehended within the limits of the Bengal Government ; and
added, that any attempt on the past of the Burmese to take forcible
possession of it, would be regarded as an hostile aggression. Ne-
gociatinns ensued, and were still pending, when (on the 24th
September, MD) a Burmese force of about 1,090 men attacked
and gained possession of the isbm.l, after killing three Sepoys and
wounding three others. Ow the 2,lst of November Colonel Ship-
lana, at the head of a detachment of the Indian army, recovered
possession of Shapuree, and cantieued to occupy the island till
the 12th of December. An epidemic disorder having then made
its appearance amongst the troops, they were withdrawn, and Mi-
mi:lately the Burmese crossed the river with much parade, in
four large boats filled with armed men, set lire to a hut, and re-
tired.

On the 20th January, 1&24, the Burmese authority sent an in-
vitat:nn to Mr. Chew, Commander of the Company's ship Sophia,
which was then lying in the river Haar, requesting him to visit
them at Mangdoo. a station in the neighbourhood. 3lr. Chew lm. !
mediately accepted the invitation, sod proceeded to Mangdoo, ac-1
companied by Mr. Boyce, who commanded the row-boats, and
eight I.e.:cars. Immediately on their arrival they weretreacher-
ously seized and imprisoned by the directions of four Commission- 1
enf. who had reeeney arrived from the Court of Ara, for the ex.
press purpose of inquiring into the state of the dispute with the
English. When information of this event reached Bengal, in.
strtictions were immediately issued to the Commander at Chitta-
gong, to address a letter to the Rajah of Arracan in the strongest
language of remonstrance, calling noon him, in the name of the
Gnvernor-General in Council, to deliver up the officers and men
within a certain period, under pain of the severest vengeance of
the British Power, and stating, that, a. the act of treachery and
violence complained of had been committed tinder the orders of the
Commissioners deputed by the Court of Ave, it must be consi.
tiered as emanating from the King, and unless it was instantly re.
dressed, the relations of peace between the two Governments, al-
ready so seriously disturbed by past proceedings, would be holden
to be dissolved, and war to have commenced. These transactions
sufficiently showed the fixed determination of the Burmese to en-
gage in hostilities with the British ; and war being inevitable, we
have only to express our hope, that it will be so vigorously prose-1
cuted es to be brought to a speedy termination.
lEROM ANOTHER EOERCE.I
It wi!l he recollected that Me seizure of Mr. Chew, a branch pilot,
in India. by the Burmese Government, was one of the muses of the
present humility with that power. By recent intelligence from Cal-
cutta we learn, that the rumours which had been circulated of Cie
ill treatment of this gentleman by the Burmese were totally an.
founded. The following extract from the Calcutta Government
Gazette, confirms this statement, and supplies some interesting
particulars of his captivity ;—.
• We have the utmost pleasure in commonicating, that intelli-
genee has been received from Mr. Chew, which negatives the re-
ports which have Wen current, of his having met with ill-treatment
from the Burmese.

" The commanding officer of Trek Naar received a communica-
tion from 111 r. Chew, written on an open sheet of black Bonnet'
paper ; great difficulty was experienced in deciphering its eon.
tents, as it was written with whitelead, and was much defaced on
the journey. Several letters were written on the sheet. The first
was to the officer in command of the Sephia,arnveying instructions I
to have the vessel in perfect readiness for any service, and express.'
irg a hope that he should join in a few days. He also begged that'
the letters on the sheet might be copied, and sent sealed, as di-
rect/41. A few lines were directed to his family, under date Jan 27,
13:24, at Ontrapoora, requesting information from them, and ex.,
ressing his inability to write much, as the letter must go through I
the hands of the Burmese, and he translated into Persian. An. li
other letter mentions a wish to have a communication made to al
member of his family, the materials for which may be obtained,
from the paper, as it is dargeruus for him • to say all he can say.'
He desert'. a the country through which he travelled, about 1.'4
I miles, as wholly uninhabited but by wild beasts. The scenery was
II grand even to them, who were then in hourly expectation of being
massacred. Thee were guarded by fifteen men. Several sentene.s
in this letter ere unintelligible.
" (in the 20th January, at four P.M. he wrote—' 1 have a great
I deal of flattery shown me at this Court there are sights worth
seeing.' Then follows a passage unintelligible. On the whole.
we now flatter ourselves that 3lr. Chew and his companion will
escape without injury."

It la currently reported at IVeybritlue, that Mr. Hughes
Ball and 11;11 amiable Lady have taken Oatlanda for a
summer residence, and that the grounds and grotto are to
be thrown open to the public every Sunday during the
season.

The distinguished party who din'd on bosrd the ship
between Greenwich and SVoolwieh, were very numerous ;
in addition to Mr. and Mrs. Canning, there woe the'
Marquis and Marchioness of Londonderry, Emily Mar-
chioness of Londoaderry, Earl and Countess Bathurst,
Lady Emily Bathurst ; the three latter went from the
Wilderness, Kent, the seat of the Marquis of Camden.
The inhabitants of Walton, especially the poor people.
will sustain a great loss by the removal of the Earl of
Tankerville from the beautiful house and grounds so taste-
fully adorned by his venerable father. The Noble Earl
intends for the future to reside, during a large portion of
the year, at his splendid patrimonial mansion in the North.

The present vicar of Brighton owes his preferment to
the prwirfni influence of his Grace the Duke of Wdling_
ton, Mr. Wagner having been private tutor to Lord Donro,
and his brother, Lord Wellesley, whilst these young Ne-
bletnen were at Eton school.
