GREECE.

NAIPOLI DI RODADIA, JUL,' 10.
Tie Greek Government has just published the following Procla-
try' ion. addremfd so the Free Nation and the Zealous Poi
** The Directorial Commission of Greece declares as follows :
" When the Directorial l'ommission took charge of the govern-
ment of the affairs of its co:intro, which were confided to it be the
11 National .assembly, it took rare at first to explain sincerely in
its proclamation, No. I. the dancer in which the nation was
pissed, in cremequence of the surrey of the enemy, of the physical
and moral state of our affairs, and of the difficulty of supplying
oar winos in the indigent state of our treasury. All the members
had a real repugnance to accept these duties, and to take upon
ons dso heave a weight. All their hopes were placed in the t
igh, on the hatred of she whole nation against tyranny. an•lin the
'merge patrietimn of the notables, and of the people of the civil and
military classes.
• In repeating t' e same declarations this day. after giving
hamble thanks to the !oust High, who has protected his people in
the moment of danger; after the acknowledgment on the part of
the smote nation of its gratitude towards the Philhellenista and
riatanthropists of Europe, *hope ardent teal foe the good of
Greece fills our stores every dny with corn and other provisions, by
roviaioning our fortresses and our ramps, Government alb upon
the nation to run to arms with promptitude for the last time, mole
certain than ever of succeeding. fur never has the enemy been so
seek as at present by land and sea—never had Greece a fleet more
sumerouo, more skilful, and mote determined to tight, and never
lied the nation better-fonnded hopes of external aid.
0 What remains, then, for the execution of this great plan
Nothing. doubtless, bur site concurrence and assistance of those
rho inhabit the Continent, and see every slay the objects which
ire most dear to them exposed to massacre, slavery. and dishonour.
It is upon us that it now depends hot to destroy in an instant all
the hopes of Greece and of all the Christian world, not to dishes.
Loaf the trophies gained in the last fire years, not to let the E,tvp-
sun beast that *fee the boa of the greater part of his forces, be-
fee :11issolonglii. he will triumph in all Peloponnesus and not to
'haw Coon upon ourselves, in conducting ourselves thus,the hatred,
the motempt, and the derision of all Europe.
t whi:st the armed and poor Hellenist must march against
the enemy as d abed his blood for his contours% the rich and peace-
able ei,iren ought also (and it is an indiapensable duty) to concur
&muting to his ability, by his money, to the supply of the wants of
the soldiers; and he ought especially so to concur under the present
Limn:stances, when, as it is well known, the Government expects
no titans, and has no revenues or other resources. The coueurrence
of those who are at Nauplia is In this case the only resource which.
however ituxlerate it may be, will nevertheless be a great relief
to the first necessities of cur warriors, and especially those who
hare immortalized themselves during the terrible siege of 3lis.
sot• right, and honoured their country by the misfortunes which they
sabered, and by their brilliant actions in its defence.
We call, then, this day, upon all men to fight who are in a con-
dition to hear arms, and we demand from the others a voluntary
contribution. The Government has determined to give a good ex-
ample, by ommibtring money inset* to enable us to march against
the enemy. devising personal danger. In the period of crisis it
realaies only for the Government ro do what it has determined. It
oeght to do it, and it will do it wills promptitude.
" ANDREAS ZAIMIS. President.
" G. ZOGRAPHOS,
" ZCSUplify 19th June OE July). 1826."

GREEK CAUSE.

The following is an extract of a private letter, dated New
York, August 1, 1526:—" As you are interested in the
(;reek cause, and wish to be informed about the ships of
war built at this port for them, I beg to assure you there
is now lying in this ricer two of the finest and most complete
frigates that ever were seen ; they are pierced for sixty
cues each, and were launched several months ago, and
Lave long been completely rigged, equipped, and ready for
sea, and why they are not sent appears a mystery we can-
not comprehend. It is repotted that some misunderstand-
ing has taken place between the Greek agent and the house
through which the business is done in this city. I need
not tell you how warmly we feel interested for Grecian in-
dependence in this country, and with what pain and regret
every one expresses himself on this mysterious affair."
Several very injudicious publications have appeared in
the Nei: York Papers relative to two ships, built in that
city few the Greek Committee in London. By a statement
in the A'ational 'Meanie it appears that General Lane-
mend was sent to New York for the purpose of precuring
the ships; that they were built, anti the expense amounted
to 900,000 dollars, 400,000 of which had been paid, and
bills of exchange drawn for the balance on the Committee
at London, which were returned protested. the Commit tee
having stepped payment in April last, and in consequence
the 4ents in New York detained the ships. It also ap-
pears that the Greek Committee discharged General Lalle-
raid, and appointed another agent, a Greek, by the name
of Contostavlos; and some allege that the price of the
ships woa too high, others that they are fully worth the sum
charge d. As an off-set to the publication, of which we have
given the material facts above, the Counsel of Mr. Con-
toravlos have published a letter in the New York papers
of Thursday, discrediting the statements it contains it, toto.
Reasons, we should suppose, obvious to all, and which
ought io a particular manner to have governed the friends
of the Greeks, forbid the Counsel going into a public dis-
cusgion of the subject.—Baltimore Pairi,,t.
BOSTON. AUG. 11.
GREEK SHIPS AT New YORK.—We published on Sa-
turday a paragraph from the New York Arleorair, and to-
day another from, the same paper, on the subject of two
ships which have been for a long time building in New
lark for the Greek service. We have copied these para-
graphs rather as statements likely to invite a true and full
exhibition of the transactions referred to, than as affording
facmselves any satisfactory information on the subject. A
carresponde nt, remarking upon the paragraph in Saturday's
paper, says,—" It is sufficient, for the present, to observe,
that it is essentially incorrect ; that it evidently proceeds
from interested parties ; and that when the ' mystery'
which veils this affair is cleared up, a scene of imposition
and extortion will be disclosed, disgraceful to all concerned
in it. It is a matter of regret to perceive, from the com-
plexion of the paragraph, that the statements made, it must
uriginally have come from persons who, at the time of mak-
ing them, knew them to be false."
Since receiving the communication above quoted, we find
the following in the New York Arneriran :
THE GREEK Sate.—An inopportune publicity has been at-
tempted to be given by one or two papers to the circumstances
attending the building and equipping certain ships in this port,
intended, as is presumed. for the use of the Greeks. The follow-
ing hole sent to as for publication by the Counsel of Mr. Cowes-
"'la (whom, by-the-by, we knew to be a (creek, and not, as
alleged in the National Adrootte, a Frenchman), the agent of the
Greek Deputies la London, refers to two articles in the Natant',
Anorak on this subject ; we give it without remark. :
TO THE EDITOR OF THE AMERICAN.
Two extracts have appeared in the National Advocate, respect-
erg the Greek ships, which are filled with misstatements, and
which manifest a great ignorance, real or affected, in regard to the
Urtnetinns in question.
As these statements are intended to impe tea the character of the
Oreek Deputies; and as the name o, Mr. C ntostavlos is introduced
in a manner for which there can be no apology, the Counsel for
there gentlemen think proper to assure the public, that no reliance
whatever is to be placed upon the articles above mentioned.
Damsons of an imperative and obvious character forbid at this
moment any specific contradiction or explanation respecting the
misrepresentations alluded to, with one exception.
The article published on the 9:11 instant has the following pant-
graph :—" It is said that he (Mr. Contostavlos) has raised &deli.
"joi4l funds to the amount of 80,000 dollars, which will pay for one
f the vessels."
It is not true that any sum has been raised in this country, in re.
Gr•cee to these ships, or in behalf of the Greeks, other than that
*Lich was con•riburecl for their relief two years since.
A public discussion of this subject cannot at present tend to any
irstd end; and in this opinion it is hoped all parties will ac-
[
New York, August 10.
!coeval.* (United States), A cc.tsT 11.—A Hampton
pilot, who came up to town last evening, informs that he
spoke, on Wednesday last, a schooner of and bound for
Baltimore, from the West Indies (port not recollected),
•Allo informed that a French fleet, consisting of several
men of war, had sailed for Hampton Roads; probably the
same fleet which was spoken by a late arrival at New
York.

COLOMBIA.

PORTO CABELLO, JULY 16.

Of our political state we can say very little with certainty:
we have various rumour., but indeed so many stories are invented
every day that we do not know what to credit. The mail twin
Bogota brings a few private letters ; it is supposed they have been
soptircssed, so the few that have been tiOierreil had been opened.
Hitherto, except the firs: alarm, we have experieneel no serious
inconvenience from this hosiery., and it is the opinion of many
persons that it will be eventually arrangtd to the satisfaction of all
parties, without being detrimental to our commerce. General
Pan is certainly taking measures to get his troops in good order,
and has tecalled into the service all the retired officers, lint, en yet,
the laws and the constitution have been invariably observed,and will
no doubt continue to be on. Poet pretend. to great moderation,
and promises protection to the foreigners and their property under
all circumstances that may happen ; he says he will abide by the
decision of the Liberator Blivar. who is expected to be in Colombia
this fall ; for ourst Ives. we consider his return doubtful: as by the
most conch accounts he was to have been in the Republic of
Bolivia in the month of June—bus urn the whole we are inclined
to behave the difference will be settled without bloodshed 7 a short
time wid determine this point.
A Caraceas Paper of the lath July states, that the Municipality
of that city bad sent a deputation to Isis Excellency the Civil and
Military Chief, requesting him to send a Committee of confidential
persona to the Congress of' Colombia. with a view of laving before
that body the just causes entertained by the people of Venezuela,
in aolieiting a reform of the administration, and begging that the
Constftu lona! period of the Convention be accelerated. Has Excel-
lency received the petition with the greatest satisfaction, uniting in
a s•ep which he believed urgent and of great necescity.
Extract of a letter dated Puerto Cabello, July 19 :—" The mail
from Bogota arrived a few days ago, but nothing positive has as yet
transpired it is. however, asserted as a fact, that an extra courier
arrived at Valencia and proemied to Caucus., in thirteen days from
to seat of Government, with despatches from the Liberator Presi-
dent, which, it is rumoured, announce his entire disapprohation of
the late occurrences, and convey his most positive orders for the
faithful obedience of the Constitution. General Patz left Valencia
for Caraceas."—inittiret.
