THE BRITISH PRE3S'

1-.l)Ntittft;
FRIDAY: DPctsista. 13.!

An order was icceitrad no \‘'eanesdity afternoon
At Portsmouth, by the Telegraph,. to. stop the sail-
ing of the Mediterranean convoy from *St. {Metes,
on account of the Rocbtort squadron Wing at sea
again. The Rochfort squadron is 44. et home,
what Li sois's squadron is in the East halm The
escape of the fortiser, howevr, affords matter of
much more surprise. Several squadrons have been
sent in pursuit of it. in consequence of, recent and
Certain intelligenee of the longitude and lati-
tude in which it was cruising, and yet :v ire
of them hive ever had the good fo• tune to fall
in with it. The hdifetiribic, Captain ROOD, was,
we believe, one of the last vessis that saw it at
sea. She gave notice to Admiral,CosswALLl% visd
dispatched Sir I:mu see ST AellAl4 in pursuit,
and it will be remembered that the gallant Admiral,
when befell in with, and took the fur F:ench ships,
which cicaped from the dread:ul battle of Trafal-
gar, a&ually conceived th it they were the %.ich.
fort squadron. lsf..w, however, when the glorious
vidory of Lord NELSON has left so many more of
our ships without employmety, we hope the Roch-
fon squadron will not much longer escape the vU.
lance of our navy.

We lately gave an account of a new arrangement
nf the ne..vspopers at Paris. llots APA :viz now e•-,
joys the fuli benefit which he promised to him:4.,
from the lowest possible state of slavery to which
he could degrade d,e ptcss. Thi; expression of
public opinion is complet ly stifled in Franc., an.t
the libels and slanders of the French G wernmunt cir-
culate Ircely to the utmost extent ..t th; it ;::Itioner
and at ens. We have Anew proof of this in an article in
the Afonitear ot the 20th las . It is dat dVe ma the
I I tit, and purports to be a *.ummaty cf the campaign
lin Germany. We imve given an estraict fr.-m i,t cs
1 a specimen of true Jacobinical slo4uence en! vul-
ga:ity Even the Imperial purple cannot induce
the Corsican to divest himself of -his Jacobinital
Ihabits.

Sir CHAIM*, MORGAN yetet,fie.litid before His
MAIL-TY the proceeding+ of the Court-Mart;A on
Sir JOHN F AMER. We understaud JOHN
EA 'Alit bonontahly acquitted on all el e chimes.
The Duke of YOER. tn.i Lord Hetttc.Seres,
kad au. lichees of His Ma lest .
Mr. FWiletLt V. one the I stip SIs•T Es, was ye-.
terday elected Alderman for the ward I)..vegate,
in the town of the Lite Ter man Le %Issue Ise.
The full. wing vessols havt put into .e.arnsgate
Harbour, with the loss of auchots and cables,
viz.—
The El;tabeth, Spaikt, a co!her ; the Three Rreoher,, Le
Coectuo, horn Loudon I.wr Surmain ; the Willett,. faillte.
from I,ndon (or 1.4.,nn ; the s!urk. I.tortald, ;IA •:;e Ue,soo,
Gooch, Slum L.wloo fm ii,thov, the letter di' ghee
the May, lullee, from Limencir fur Load.ri, with tima Io
of anchors and eahles.
The %leered, MAYEe, from Tobago for Len-
don, was captured cif Plymouth, the end of last
month.

.......
l'he Nfroruee fritate. with the Najaf.
the Lydia, and the rest of the fleet under her
convoy, Bain Portsmouth, are arrived at Qikbee.
Yesterday. a Court of Dire!tors was held at the
East India House, wh-n the following times were
fixed for the ship .I:.a, whose destination was al-
tered from St. Helena and Bengal, to Madras and
Bengal : To be afloat Jan. 4, sail to Gravesend the
I trh, stay there thirty days, and be in the Downs.
Feb. ti The Lord New*, for St. Helena and
Bengal, was ordered to be afloat the fith inst. sail to
Gravesend eV, stay theta thirty days, and be in the
Dow.is Jen. rf Court adjourned at six
o'clock WI Toesday tint.
A considerable number of French Naval Officers.
prisoners of war, on parole, are stationed at Win-
canton.
haw CLIMK, Es 1. Advocate, has been ar ^t •
Solicitor-General to its Royal Higoness tile eig.ce
of W ti.Es, 11l room 01 WILLIAM ROBLICTSON. hsq.
now Lord Root swot.
It is now confidently said, it a- the •emains of
the illustrious Nausost, atter lying in sta•• in the
Great Hall of Greenwich Hospital, will be brought
in a grand funeral aquat c procession to the Royal
Chapel of Whitehall, w',ete they will lie, one day
at least, in full state. Far Chambers in England
are more appropriate to VI,:11 a purpose, than His
IVI isT Chapel at Whoehall (formerly the ban-
quetticg room of the Royal Palace) from its capa-
cious size, and the rnagnifizence of its internal deco-
rations, especially its superb painted ceiling, by
the celebrated Valles° ; from this station, the
grand funeral procession, through an extensive rare*
of the Imperial cities of London and Westm:nster.
will move to the place of interment in the Metropo-
litan Church of St Paul.
Fa *stets S. SITWILL, M.P. for th^ Borongh
Berwick-upon-Tweed, left Barmoor Castle on Fri
day last for Ler.:!nn, to present an address from th
Corporation to His Mat esr v. °a the late gloriou
viaories over the enemy's fleets. Toe same meta
ing. Lientenant Colonel lance ART, of the Lefler
Militia, began to einvass the Borough for a seat i
the ens•liug Parliament. He is supported by C_
lonel Ileac.. Sir JOHN CALLENDas'S friends son
after appeared, to s..^eure his interest. Na of
eanddates have yet appeared, tut it is rumour.
Colonel Oen, of lanngrtJr. and the Hon. Capta
Beniller, of Chilltugham Ca ale, mean to offer the'
selves. We do not hear W:;A: tne. present Mem
mean to do on the OCCANOII i the contest it
thought will be a keen one,
