FROM LLOYD'S LIST.

FALMOUTH, Szrr. i7.—Arrived the Doke of Kent Platen.
from Lisbon ; the Rosette, Menzies, from 'baits ; the 'Pim...
Ford, from London for the South Seas. Put Back. the Huskiseu'i
Kay, for St. John's, New Brunswick, leaky, hang expericnce.t
beery gales to the westward._

PonTamnETß. SETT. 18.—Arrived hie Majesty's ship Scow,
from Jamaica : and his Majesty's ship Thetis, from Plymouth.
Passed by, the Labelle, Munro, from Honduras; and the Elite
Johnson, from Antigua. •
Dzot, SEPT. 1&--Arrived and sailed for the Rirtr, the Onyx,
from Demerara ; the Prince Regent, Taylor ; the British
Tar, Robertson ; and the Hopewell, Smith, front Jamaica ; the
Jane, Silver, front Gibraltar; the Wellwootl. Fisher, from Ha.
rannah ; the Renewal, Cromartie, from Barbadoes ; the Hasa.
rep'
theUGnidb:won.od6,solllemrrinigntiodad 4 h
n, tram DanGangeievare. I:l°le'nn
ErTilee:.3d
111kit.icas
rt
from Tobago ; and several others, names unknown. Awned • .rOoft
the River, the Ilibbernt, Theaker. for India ; the Lady flarewood.
Lewis. for St. John's New Brunswick : and the Jo:at Bruit a,
Bowen, for New York.
GiasESEWD, SEPT. 18.—Arrived the George. Dawson, Unit
Quebec; Lustre., Woodward. from ditto; Tricky,. trio
Lisbon; Ivbella. Horlock. from Malaga Florintia. Wintle,
from Bombay: Nestor, Wenknor, from Honduras ; Frat,s.
Benson, from Montserrat; Merlin. IVetke. from Jamaica.
raid, Soy/with, from Quebec; Sir (Menge Prevost. Wallimus. (conk
ditto: Britannia, Roberts. front Rio; Loyal Briton. I.l.siley,.
from Alezaidria. Sailed theTroteeuir. tor New York ;
Diana, Davis. for Pr.ra ; Catherine, Fligg, for Gihrattart SlLntiles,
Cogill, for Sim South Wales: Louisa, Kr i rts.r.. for Vera (rut g
Robert Edwards. Sherborn. for New York: Martha.
ditto: ('ape riche% Nellie, for New South Wadi.
Ginn ALTAI!. A t.o. M.—The Three Brothe,.. (rum Oexitenti,
*ma apidun yesterday. off Estenona, by an amid trig schooner
under Anti Hear eoloura. This morning the moire *o6oone/boarded,
a few mile.' Na.t of Ow melt, a wedeel jast antral. Two Colour.
Wan rruiaera arc behind the rock.

Arrived (IT Dartmouth, the Foritutk. Butcher. from Barbatioes.
Arrived rdFlltargate,the Manly, Sayers, from St. Vinoent's.
The ilea biaoy of the hharubles was seen adrift off Portland,
bearing W. lbantles.
The Tritou, pieberwton, arrived nt liverpnol fv..ok Boston, spoke
on the 39th ult. the brig Romp, lismasted. up for Mali.
tax, having bees eaptimAl otl the 17th in a Talc.

If ArmARKET TIIRATIIE.
This grenins. TUESDAY. September SO. will be Osterman
LuVE LAUGHS AT ...O(MSMITILS.
Risk. Mr. Harley.
After which (7th time) the new Comedy, eaLed
PAUL PRY.
Tbs Prtnetsel Charaeters by Mesers.W. Fatten and Liston; Moderns
4;We: and Saylatt; and Madame Yeats.

To rer.elud• with
ANIMAL MAHN( rISM.
Deezer. Farrea; La Fleur, Mr. Harley; Lisette. Wt. Gibbs.

ENGLISH OPEK.4 HOUSE.

This Nyerani. TUESDAY, Sept. 20. will be performed
THE BOAUDINO-HOUSE; or, 11V2 HOUR% AT BRIGHTON.
Peter Fidget, Mr. Ifsthews.

After which.
JONATHAN IN ENGLAND.
Jonathan W. Doublkins, Mr. Mathews.
To conclude with THE LIBERTINE.
Dos hum Mr. T. P. Cooke; Zerilna, Wee Palma,

Tin 13111/TISK Pass. communed publishing yesterday manila,
so five o'clock.
--as •
LONDON, TUESDAY, SErrstassailo, 1926.

Last night we received file Ftoile of Sunday's date. The

ocly uticle of political intelligence it contains is extracted

from the Awls-jun Observer relative to the Greek war.
'Etrough that channel the affairs of the Patriots do not, it
nay be anticipated, wear the most promising appearance.
I .:it•IIIM Noss is represented to have established his

head-quarters firmly at Ttipolizsa in spite of the Greek
Chiefs, who harass, but cannot dislodge him. We are
• afraid diet it is too true that the Egyptian Commander is
. for the present strong enough to maintain his position
against all the assaults of the Patriots ; but we doubt that
he will be able to continue there long and withstand them.
The Austrian Observer admits that the blockade of Nils-

. soionghi by sea is raised. The garrison, we are told "by
the confession of even their enemies, had valiantly de-
fended themselves." Undoubtedly, a more gallant de-
' ferce is not in the annals of any war, ancient or modern.
It is stated that the fort of Anatolico surrendered on the
scst of July to the Turks. We hope this news may turn
out to be incorrect.

From the Etoik dated Sunday"
VIZMII, Sipa% 8.
The Austrian Obstrver contains the following news :
Co AAAAA TINOPLI, Auo. 25.
Ibrahim Paths hes fixed his head-quarters at Tripoli:la, the
mash body of his army is concentrated near thal town, which is the
basis of his operations. _

Setting out from this point, the Egyptian Commander has under-

tales several expeditions in all directions. •Serest of the enemy's

corps, under Colocotroni, Ypsilante, and other Chief's, which at-
tztapted to disturb his cantonments, or which threatened his com-
munications, have been constantly repulsed with more or less coo-
suleeatle loss.

The moat serious actions since the pretended battle of Trip°lieu
(SM July) were fought on the 20th and 21st July, to the south-
east of Tripolizta, on the road from that town to :Matra°.
The report of the death of Ypsilante, which was spread before the
departure of the last courier, is not at all confirmed. It seems to
base been caused by the death of two other Greek Chiefs, George
Gilts and Polichroni, who were killed in these engagements. Ac-
cording to the assurance of a witness. Demetrius and one of the
eau of Colocotrani (probably the one known by the name of Gen-
neost have arrived at Napoli di Romania, eaK, fugitives, and not as
conquerors. Several thousand fugitives from the interior of the
Gauntry are encamped in barrack • before the gates of that town.
lit-relatedness, want of provisions, and a fatal epidemic, daily
ca.ry off numbers of these unhappy people. All the fugitives front
the :dorm, who arrive in Cerigo, one of the lonian islands, are
obliged to go to Calasmo, a small island belonging to the lonian
territory, which is hardly capable ofoontaining so great a number.
Afresseveral fruitless attempts the Capitan Pasha had succeeded
on the 21st July, in penetrating with small boats into the Lagoons,
before Missolonghi. On the same day the fort of Anstolico, an
&and to the north of Missolonghi, surrendered to the Turks. The
garrison of 300 men are prisoners of war; the inhabitants, to the
number of 1500, received entire liberty to mire without obstacle
into the interior of the country. The Streakier Redschid Pacha had
already succeeded in cuttir.g off the water of filissolonglii, and in
erecting several batteries at a small distance from the main works
*4 the place ; the ramparts have already been Much injured by the
Bred the besiegers, a part of the ditches was already filled up, '
and several attacks had already been attempted against the fortress,
wean, iii the beginning of August, tberdeek feet of nearly sixty
sail, including fire-ships, appeared at the entrance of the Gulf of
l'atr at, and revived the courage of the bolted, who, by the con- ,
fasion of even their enemies, had valiantly defended them-
selves against all their attacks, and the more. io u the Capitan
)'arris, according to news f. tat Zante of the lash of August,
wine to have quitted the vicinity of Missolonghi en the appear.
sore of the Greek felt, so that the blo:katle of the place on the sea
aide is raised.

PARIS. SEPT. 17.

tlinaght that the King will return to Paris on the 3il Oct.
and that tits Ilasty will go and pass a few days at Coropeigne.
Ali the Court, it is said, will return w Paris by the Bch Oct.

The V iscomte de Narbonne has died in his hotel at Paris. The
(.•irate ;la after a three days' illnes.

ST. CLOUD, SETT. 111.
The 1( in g arrived at the Tuileries at half-past 11, and at 12 his
A/ 1;i-dy attended divine service in the chapel.
/ICI Royal [Hewes' the Duchess of Berry, and the Ministers,
arevonpvnted hie Ai ajesty.
.% t J,,,lf.pant one, the Sing presided in the Council of Ministers,
a: wii;ch his Hoye Highness the Dauphin was present. It sat till
a quell eT before six.
After the Council the King returned to St. Cloud.

At eleven e'elodc the service for his late Majesty, Louis XVIII.,
vas performed in the church of St. Denis. Their Royal Highnesses
the Dauphin and Dtuphiness, the Duke and Maitre, the tribu-
Das, the Mandrels, and a great number of Generale, were present.
The (Indio!, of Tull (Anti sled.
• According to the (heck accounts in Nos. 13k, 134, of the
II Oro Gazale, of July 29, and Aug. 1, the first of three actions
took place near the three villages Rises, Voueo, and Pyeli ; the
second near Verscrta sad Araoobs.—Nots of the Alteiriax Ob•
Se f Tier .

Fne: NC II FONTS..--PA 1141.. SEPT. 17.—Five pee Cent/. Jouioa.
de Sept. 22,92 f. Sic ; likese per Conn, 71e. 20e.; Rents de Naples
Omit Falcone., 971. Ioe.l Copal Spaniels Loan, 04. Enduing,
am London, one mouth, 1111 t. 10e. three das. INC W.—Cones Au.
thentique, Sept. 17:

Yesteirday we received New York Papers to the 18th

..,....T, .4.

..:~,

1
' •
alt The disputa berm the Ihritealitate• ants Georgia
fovea* the territory of the Creek Itwliaas isearried on i
with as inuch warmth as ever on the part of the Georgians.
Governor 'femur still flourishes *beat an " appeal to
arms," in vindication of the pretended right of his state to
cheat the unhappy Indians out of their lands. The ab-
.riginal race is fast disappearing from the country of their
forefathers. The tide of white population rolls forward,
and threatens to overwhelm them, unless they retreat to-
wards the Pacific. In another column we have given an
interesting and affecting article, relating an ineffectual en-
deavour on the part of the Quapaw Indians to delay their
removal from the " land where the bones of their an-
cestors repoeed."
On the 40th of August the Right lion. C• 11 _• ..stow•w
was presented to the President of the UNITID STATES,
by' r. Bauer, of the Department of State, when he pre-
sented the letters of recall of Mr. Cawatteb, his prede-
cessor, and his credentials u Envoy Extraordinary and Mi-
nister Plenipotentiary of Great Britain in the United
States, and was received by the Passtnewr in that cha-
racter. Ile also delivered to the PAISIDZEIT the answer
of his Sovereign Yo the PIISSIDENT'S recall of Mr. Ruse.
Mr. VAEGEIAN wa atgompanied by Mr. ANDSILSON, late
Charge d'Affaires, Captain g•runr, and Mr. Dortz, who
were introduced to the PaistmeNr.
The recognition of the independence of Hayti has given
rise to much discussion in the United States as to the
course the Federal Government should folio's, towards the
revolted slaves. This is of course to the slave holding
states of North America a very serious and delicate ques-
tion. In the demi-official organ of the Cabinet of
Washington, The Natiunal Intelligenctr of the 6th August,
we find the following observations upon this important
subject:— ect

" Some of our dewspapers ate In haste to anticipate for our go.
vernment much embarrassment from questions which are expected
to arise out of the political attitude that the island of Hayti will
assume in consequence of the acknowledgment of its independence
by the French Government. This embarrassment, it is supposed,
will proceed from the delicacy which this government will feel In
the recognition of an independent state, composed of the African
race, became free by successful revolt, and situated almost conti-
guous to the Southern parts of our Union, whets the same
race forms so large a portion of the population, and is un-
avoidably held in slavery. We see, however, no perplexity
in the use; for though the example of Hayti, if aided'
by mischievous intrigue, co-operating with the declamations,
of our northern sanguinary philanthropists, might produce
temporary mischief in the south ; still theindependence of Hayti
can produce no embarrassment, as it does not necessarily lead to
the reception of Black Ministers Plenipotentiary, or any Ministers
at all, from that island. Hayti has long been treated by this
country as an independent state de facto, so far as regards com-
mercial Intercourse; and this intercourse can still be superintended
In both countries by commercial agents residing in each. Our own
citizens are in many cues the Consuls of Foreign Powers, and
will probably in most instances act in that capacity for Ilayti also.
If there be any evil of the nature apprehended, incident to the
independence of Hayti, it Is an evil which it will be very easy, it
appears to us, for our Government to remedy or avert. We speak,
however, our own impressions alone, as we know nothing of the
opinions or sentiments of others on the subject. There is, in our
opinion, more real mischief to be dreaded in the South, front the
efforts of some of our own misguided fanatics, who are aided by
certain newspapers of the North, than from the ratification of the I
independence of Hayti.

The intelligence from South America in these papers is
of some interest as far as regards the quarrel between
Brazil and Buenos Ayres. It appears that the Peruvian
Congress, before it was dissolved, passed a law, placing the
United Liberating Army at the discretionary orders of
General Bata VA a, who is authorised to direct their march
" to any point from whence l'eru may be menaced with
invasion." This enactment was evidently made with a
view to Brazil, and we find that on the II th of April, the
General had ►et out from Lima on a journey to the pro-
vinces of Upper Peru, in the vicinity of the expected seat
of war. A New York paper of the Y9th of August states,
upon the authority of the Captain of tl e Heroine, which
touched at Montevideo and Pernambuco on her passage
home, that three vessels of war " sailed from Montevideo
on theStli of July, for Buenos Ayres, to ascertain if that
Government intended to assist the Revolutionists, and in
the event of receiving an answer in the affirmative, it was
to be considered by the Emperor of Brazil tantamount to a
declaration of war, and measures adopted accordingly.
Great preparations were making at Montevideo, in antici-
pation that such would be the result on the return of the
vessels of war. All the vessels of war, and about twenty-
five gun-boats at Montevideo, were preparing for actual
service. There were from five to eight thousand troops in
the city. The Revolutionists without permit nothing to
pass into the city, without first receiving a heavy duty
upon it."

SPAIN has at length reached that crisis of desperation
at which we long since foretold it would ultimately arrive.
The only cause for wonder would have been, bad it turned
out otherwise. The military occupation of this ill-fated
' kingdom byFrance had no other object, from the beginning,
but to, uphold the sway of beneficed bigots and monks,
and to enable his CATHOLIC Majesty more effectually to
trample upon the Constitutionalists, to whom he owed the
preservation of his throne. lie sOcceeded in restoring, for
IR season, the empire of this heartless and infatuated priest-
hood, and the chance seems to be, that his head may yet
sweep a scaffold's thitt, as the reward of his perfidy. The
pretext under which France justified the sending of cny army
intd*Spain was, that the state of things in that kingdom
was "of a nature to disturb the Governments of Europe."
" Yon will give"--aaid the French Government, in the
despatch to the Con NT Dx LA GAnne, its then Minister
at Madrid—" You will give to the Cabinet at Madrid the
assurance that the succours of every kind which France can
dispose of in favour of Spain will be offered to her for the
purpose of insuring her happiness and increasing her
prosperity." How does this wretched and hypocritical cant
pall upon the ear when we look to the frightful condition
to which the Spanish nation is reduced, and trace the
whole of it to the hostile introduction of this very army,
which she was impudently told, in the face of all Eu-
rope, was to succour her distress, and to secure her felicity !
FERDINAND has every thing to fear, at this moment,
hod) for his own and for his kingdom's fate. lie has been
the ruthless spoiler of its fortunes, and he will pay dearly
for it. Ile Las raised a spirit which he cannot quell. The
Jesuits will either subdue him to their purpose, or sacri-
fice Lim to it.' They beset every fogtstcp of his path,
and he has not long to grapple with his destiny. Even thel
French troops themselves dread these famished blood-
hounds of the Inquisitlbn, from whose vengeance they are
only safe while they have muskets on their shoulders.

" One hundred thonsand Frenchmen," said the imbecile
speech of Louts XVIII, " commanded by a Prince of my
family—by him, whom my heart delights to call my son—
are ready to march, invoking the GOD OF Sr. Louts, for the
sake of preserving the throne of Spain to a descendant of
II NRY I V--of saving that fine kingdom from its ruin, and,
of reconciling it with Europe." And to crown all this va-
pouring—to give the finishing touch to this impious
mockery, it was added, " Let FERDINAND VII be free to
glee his, people institutions. which they cannot hold, bid
from him, and which, by securing- their tranquillity, would

1

dissipate the just iopiigtade of France.. Hostilities
shall ease from :that moment. 1 make, Gentlemen,
before you, a solemn engagement on this; point."
Is Cumuks X. in a condition to fulfil this compact?
Is it even competent to him to confirm the sceptre in the
hands of this DiSCENDANT ,OP Hair IV ? There is
surely enough before him to show that superstition is not
emblazoned by heraldry, and that despotism cannot be
ennobled by descent. Certain we are, that both his Moor
CHRISTIAN Majesty and his Catholic relative have, by
this time, found out that they have missed their road, and
that they have wandered into a path of danger, out of
which they know not how with safety to trace back their
steps.

In our Paper of yesterday, we laid before our readers an
interesting report of a Meeting recently convened in Jamaica
to further the objects of its new Episcopal Establishment.
With the importance of this measure itself, we are most
forcibly impressed. Independently of the great moral
benefit to be expected to accrue from it, to those who are
the immediate objects of its care—the Negroes, it will erect,
as it were, a tribunal of such weight and impartiality, in a
society where every thing has hitherto been conveyed to us
through the disturted medium of prejudice or private
interest, that we may repose in it our fullest confidence,
and look forward to a true knowledge of a subject—that of
slavery, as at present modified in our own colonies—which
is perhaps less accurately understood, and certainly more
misrepresented than any other question of equal interest.
1

CITY, MONDAY EVEIFIXO.

The Money Markets to-day presented equally as unin-
teresting an appearance as they did on Saturday. What
business was transacting in Consols was at 881.
Spanish Bonds improved
,a little from Saturday's last
price. The Old were at 5:01 1. For the New, no quota-
tion was reported. Greek Scrip was 170 161. Colombian
Bonds were 77; Mexican Scrip si discount; Brazilian
ditto 8 7 discount; and the Guatemala Qli discount.
The prices of Shares were purely nominal.

The Lard Bishop of •Barbadoes has arrived in England.
His Lordship came a passenger in the Fortitude. Letters
are in town from Tobago of the 9th August, and from
Demerara to the Ist. By the latter it appears that two
overseers have been poisoned; and thelife of Mr. Simpson
also attempted by poison. It will be recollected that
Mr. Simpson was particularly active in suppressing the
insurgents.
A Lisbon packet arrived yesterday, bringing letters
to the 10th September, which, however, contain no poli-
tical news.

We have received a file of Lisbon Gazettes to the 11th
' inst. The only part of their contents worthy of notice is
an order of the King for the adoption of extraordinary
means for the purpose of discovering the authors of some
sacrilegious offences. We regret to see that among these
means secret evidence is to be admitted, and the informers
are to be rewarded " in proportion to the importance of,
their services." This is a stride towards the re-establish-
ment of the Inquisition.
Gibraltar Papers to the 26th ult. state, that the Govern-
ment of Spain continues to relax respecting the prohibitory
duties on trade. In addition to the cotton goods, lately
admitted, GOO tons, a considerable reduction is about to
take place on the fish from Newfoundland imported into
Spain.
We have received Demerara Papers to the 2d August.
The alarm as to the French taking possession of Cuba
seems to have been universal in our lVest Indian posses-
sions, arising entirely from the rapid movements of the
English navy with the intelligence to England, Jamaica,
and the other islands. The planters seem to have caught
up the alarm from the British officers.
It appears by advices•frotn Copenhagen, received by way
of Hamburgh, that the quantity of snow in Greenland had
been uncommonly small. It is remarkable that, although
the number of whales'in the Greenland seas was consider-
able, but very few had been taken this season.
Bombay Papers to the 2.lth of March were received Yes-
terday, but they do not bring any later intelligence from
the different points of attack on the Burmese empire, than
that contained in the last Calcutta journals.
General San Martin is still at Brussels. lie lives very
retired; and as soon as he,is recognised in any public place,
he ceases to frequent it. Hefeems much to fear indiscreet
questions; but notwithstandtng the mystery in which he
envelopes himself, I have learned to-day, for certain, that
he has just offered his services to the provinces of La Plata.
Letters from La Guayra have been received to the 28th
of July. They contain no intelligence of impottance.
The newspapers contain a Decree of Congress, authorising
the establishment of a bank in Caraccas, to be called the
Bank of Venezuela. Indigo and coffee were falling in
price.

The President of the Mexican Republic has directed the
various Commissary-Generals to collect and transmit to the
Government, in packets, through the mail, specimens of
every description of mineral.
Loan Cocna•NE.—By the Florian, which arrived at
New York on Friday from Rio de Janeiro, we learn that
much consternation was produced at that place, when it
was known that Lord Cochrane had departed from Brazil
in the Piranga frigate, it being understood that he went off
without the leave of the Emperor, taking with him all the
money that he had levied on the people of Pernambuco,
Maranham, Stc., and other property to a large amount.
Admiral Jowett, who was suspected of being accessary to
this project, had since been arrested.4--New York Paper,
Avg. 22.

ll'e hear that very soon after Lord aml Lady Cochrane
left Valleytield, on Monday last, a Brazilian officer, hear-
ing important despatches for his Lordship, arrived there,
and immediately followed him to Stirling, to which he had
gone on his way to Hamilton.—Edinburgil Paper.
A letter from Bilboa of the 7thfSeptember contains the
following paragraph :—" In the political circles here much
is stirring. 'fhe French papers speak of the entry of the
French. The 9th regiment of foot, from Pampeluna, I
tun informed by Baron Dumar here, who is a friend of
the Colonel's, has marched to Madrid; and every day in
Bayonne, they expect the entry of 3000 more French
troop!. Bessicres was taken in Arragon one evening, some
few days since, at eight o'clock, and shot at ten with seven '
more officers. Report says the former was shot by Don
Carlos de Espana. The Ring is at present at Segovia. In
the town where be is every thing is tranquil, but many
posts arrive daily. The Gazette of Madrid states, there is now
no longer doubt as to the truth of the entry of the French ;
as they have contracted with merchants here for the supply
of the French army. The policy (policy) in all the towns
are particularly strict at present."
Extract of a letter, dated Bayonne, September 10 :
" The five Generals are still resident • here ; the troops
' forming the garrison, and those in Camp, consisting of four
regiments complete (say about four thousand men), are
drilled or exercised cisily. In case of necessity they could
quit the field of exercise, and proceed at once on a cam-
paign. No more troops have arrived, though the report is
continued that many may be expected in this quarter ere
long. The Minister of War will rosi tively be here on the
21st or the 2?„11 of this month, and, it is presumed, before
his arrival, considerable reinforcements may he expected.
Government has rented an immense tract of land near to
the camp of Marac, where the troops are accustomed to
sham-fights and every manoeuvre of batt'e. In Spain
everything is in conftaim, particularly in the capital.
The Swiss are much hawked, and being almost continually
under arms, about 140, who have served their period of en-
gagement, and refused to renew it, arrived here yesterday.
They are heartily tired of the service. They will leave this
to-morrow, each for his home or destination. Couriers from
France to Spain, and rice versa, pass frequently, and the
telegraph is often m motion, consequently it is presumed
that matters of importance are on the tapis."
Scaaciry or Ftsit.—ln consequence of the contrary
state of the wind the fishmongers have had no fish for sale
for the last three slays, nothing having arrived but a
small supply of soles, ?finch were received by lived
carriage.
