eissenthly to excite redlines winch have alw ,ys
been the noble distinction of Engteatime•-. As the
Nile overflows its banks but to fetttlize, so do
the sympathies of our nature hurt forth with aia-
cloy from the hearts of my 4.l.llllOryinrui to reli, vo
and assuage the pains of afflicted lininanity, mid
rescue it from Oppression's gripe. To retain t.s
the more particular object of the Reimlntiou wind
it is my intention to submit to you, • That it is !hit
natural right of all men, and the conslitntiono/ right'
of the people of these realms, to assetnlsle publicly
to discuss their grievances, and to oeittion and re•
monstrire with the Legislature.' Torichiog • tti.e
natoril right °fall meis.' no mart who is :Irtitl3llitird
with the earliest history ma,., will attempt to
deny. that all power must originally have Co. —AI. :1
fr.. 7,1 the people, and, thrit 111 0.111131011 wish
the people it I.llollld still remain. As rcgirds • t''srt
constitotiomil right of the people of these realms.'
refer you to the statute of IV illieriareorhllary tiself, ,
from which I have recently read to you • ate extracx
from Blackstone, and I will mew proceed In reed
to you the admirable commesits of S. Nn-e.:
Esq. the Recorder of Doncaster. thereon : • It 14
not the right of the high mid opulent at,re. it is the
right of nil—it is the right, not of 70, sir 71.10
but of 70,000, or of any numbers who concrete
themselves aggrieved—it is a right, riot to he
exercised as suits the mess pleasure of !Ili.
nisters, Magistrates, or oribtury, but It is a
right to he exercised at the pleasure of it e
people themselers, oiwontined and uorestrainrit
—so long as disorder and 'imitate Noe not com-
mitted by them.' The Laos of E-plairl,
t key are duly administered, are isoeinled to -eel r
the life, liberty, and estate of the stilej,-1, le,c!,
induced Mr. Justice Fortescoe to exclaim—
' Anglia Jura la omni Case, Li4eria:i durst jilt:O-
rem (the Laws of England in all cases favour
Liberty). Illontesquieu, in his Esprit des Lair,
says. the English Is the only iistom iu the wendil
where political or rival liberty is the end of its Coo.
stitutiun ; to resider it still more perfect, I eteAre to
add one wish—Thit an roligietened and Christian
people will add to coil, religions liberty. I wilt
conclude with praying to that Atinizzlity liciog, in
whose sight all men are reined, that lie will preserve-
to us true religion, defend us from a foreign yoke
and domestic slavery, cootinne to us the enjoy-me-14
of our goad old !sae and privileges, inspire or with
wisdom to frame such new ones at may COMlllee to
our happiness and Iles glory, toed bring all those to
exemplary justice that have, or shall dare attempt
to subvert, diminish, or undermine them!"

Mr. J. lIEMDLE, in seconding the fourth Rev,.
lotion, spoke to the following effect :—" I caniit•t
content myself with giving a silent vote on the per
sent occasion. 1 had hoped that no person,With
the feelings of an Eitglialitnan,arould have looked
st thisa• a party question ; it vras,eint a triestioit
whether we should have a Pirlisinentery Reform.
but whether we were to be governed by law or by
force—whether the people shall meet to discuss
legally and peaceably their public grievances, or
whether any local Magistrates shall have the power
to send armed men amongst such ineetior. to cut
down the people assembled, provided only that
those persons ore killed in the mime of loyalty, a
word which appears to be much abused ; its true
meaning, as it comes from the French word /ui (law).
being isa attachment to the law the I11:111, there-
fore, who (as the Manchester Magistrates and yew
manry appear to have dour) violates the law front
loyalty. tramples on the hiw, in order to skew ins
attachment to it. I cannot but notice, with regret.
the irreligious publications which are cirrolotril,
under pretence of advancing the cause of Reform ;
I would say to those men who circulate them. the
complaint made by the people is, that the Ministers,
by their oppression. do all in their power to make
Englishmen unhappy here, and do you profess
to befriend them by depriving them of the hopes
of happiness hereafter The men who attempt to
justify despotism by the Holy Scriptures, and those
who would persuade us that in order to establish
liberty, it is necessary to overturn Christianity. air
both equally ignorant of the spirit of the Gospel.,
The great charges brought against the persons as-
sembled at Manchester are, that they intended to
violate the law. Those Magistrates, lierhaps.
thought like their panegyrists, the Ministry. that
the right to violate the law belonged exclusively to
them, and in order to anticipate the Meeting. fear-
ing that they might first break the !tract., t!,ey
broke it themselves. A charge has been Iniiti4lit
against us, viz. that this is the first town ni the
county which has come forward on this occasion ; ,
I do not think it ally matter of reproach to us that s
we are the first. but I own that I shell feel coo Si...
&rattle disippointment if we should be the Inst. t.
most cordially second the fourth Resolutioit, mo.I •
Boost earnestly entreat that you will give the most
bedulgent attention to any person that may r.
forward to oppose that view of the question who ;ti
Las hitherto been taken. "—( Loud cries of " We
! sae seill!")
Mr. G. l'Eattsit spoke as fullows:—".lt is wets si
great degree of pleasure I rise to put the sixth It--
solution, as I cannot hot hope it will serve fol!t.
convince those few tiersoits, who, from mistacieit
view., opposed this Meeting, tkut our object I. nnt
that of any party, but that we 'dike ci more
and deplore outrage and eioknee, whether o.i the
part of the Magistrates and 7eoluenry of Manclres-
ter. or the people and 'heir political trade's ; and
have

,
