Dlt. BOF.KHAAVE'S 11E1) PILL. Nu. v.
tagegiug tirrnesholit Europe ter the Cure of wen
Sage cud ityrsplogs et a Certain CAnspisiet.
With such Bei iii.giees a tepees Skil et Direethies,
.rich ell Pewees see essbini speedily ft sew thruseriere
with setae wet erergay, witbust the Heel erreaeggesel St
likeingese et besieges. he ...sing ask vials She lose
Say Frees, disseh seldom advertised, le s softie erimiggee
et He imagegist saility.--Priee es. GC • Des, sealed with esd
_ _

1; 1" 0116101.‘1101
ki lAA. IS. embed Meer,
_i
Nutlet, Cbsarsod• "6"1.) sad w •••,, 11.1.. M.

TEA TRADE.

of Novreoh.... IFP.st rt.lie,..,fitry of
a.' the LONDON GENUINE TEA COMPANY. IP.
Ladgate.bill.rolablialkeel bola November, INC Aar ihr alma.
at sopplyiog the Public with rare sad oftutol.
tented Trak

The Public will probably expert • Is. @observation• on
such an uee•.iwo, bryount Ile user. •nagnevermnat wf • year
poisse4 away sire. itor c@anenenerriteot of th• FwIM

►l,shwerl. to the Are irstaner, the thlaka of the Ko-
p►ielars err 'rape ctrelly tendered to the Ceeenneesity at large.
else so warmly supported three deerte.g thesnoprirc•pled and
useterited oppositive wade by a great portion a the Trade
in filvvireihr, last. The 4.111 of inch i lie, of Leaded
having. howteerr. long mote became apparent le their up.
peesets, th►y ►are very rope. ly steam/owed say farther
ore► attempts to deperc.ste an andereaking which has
sacceetivil hey..... 1 the ems sasgeiee hopes which retold
have here indulged by soy i■faut& awrcastilt
meet.

The Losable Gravies Ten Csamputy sow sub ;t to their
Friends • few plain sistriseste, •Itiela stay est he sande.
resting, and will atwril the sit irifteal woofs that the
extrusive Pastimes, they hive reirenred has out frees sonde.
somd, while at the sense tits* they Ore the. meet tonal*.
seer leatissiories palate apprvltttnna. Their tale of Twin
for the I.st Taro /Lambs boa beret opted. of Ustiat.Pauseite
weight per Day. beteg sher the rate of 0.1114 Llama, or
sheet 7112101* POO Ode %trick, in the Tear; ea which the
Duly Mee* is Newly 1.11,60111. moat .aster
gun thew was prolrahly ever cwittransteit to the respects., a
the Some by its.y other Hisuae in the Tea (rade ; how Ise,
ilerrea.re, the pledge gists at the reetteisocentrot of this
undertaking his brew rearmed, these sepreengestieal Was
noes. tiorresier. The calculations are war& i.w shitelote
Asks to the Pohlie, and are isideipelewt of Tens grid but
large parcels te trlaultewle Dealers.

The linden Gentili., Tea cesoPliti saw* API, Priem&
sad the Pehlke at larkr, that they have portheae4 and votie
Test elf the atrnagr..t and into* /women why, ery-iniwe
tbaike of week amid mow yralitbtti awe thew frivsola sway be
haisohl of such being their en al savable arieriniastbie. Lowe
the iseeirsivoral detainee of aid ifellientwiteist respect-
buy the "milli** of Relies Tea* ors/rely am A. 1.. niftiness.
Me appeared facet any of the :Mole without coisalveseieg
it. wee, mewl these teatime's who, is there pahlte Adders%
peeled Ibibra and ridierk4 the Colopiwee etagere of it,
stow tali it freak, owed orkoowleillip that &heat ore toed
wily le deltri.rage the ken*, wets.
Tie Peopttetess beg to accurst the Public swam* Me
atteeeeette ° (Amide. .14e Easehliebeenterit" he entireties et
the Lesitoe Gesseitee Talk Ceetpeey, aseej of eb-elo copy
their Ailvertawtorotii ow eboseth as Be deceive se iedie.webt
oliverver.

_ . .
hope owe stairari. and loyal NriNera—ffeinter as It Is with
heartfelt satisfartioe. .bat I mese many ref yos here tale slay
cessi,ler a great se weal. awl, isderd, a great ioderithial
petelas ; because, whatever oninsally coneeros the coaster
ales Moseerna the nediehlwal who forma pert of thall
esemery. I repeat my essitaties-ael do den hag*
haft sornosildrd by so many ibussealle of my dellemecoolle '
tersest* wet hold the use ',Mimes with rasped to yew
pnitiesi effete teal I have Sassy threshed, seed ea sot
mow either seematirel or afraid opevely ton seter—/amparco—
tar 1 wend wester elle at my port thaw ithriak Cram the per.
formasee of that story that has Wooed me forward this
day—a dotty shine holds the fuernerst place in toy heart;
and wbpae Cell is would be high tremens ageism term's to
disobey.—.tehems.)--, Oh! say colartry r reclaimed the
svedsee sets of Chit keen, whew the sitsblown keen .strisage at
hie linty broom were crackle( mod mein way sods, the
agessisnig eel rtiuus—of what ! that his perverse and heed.
street sermeveraser had involved that reentry is Mese:ice
ble dificsities? Nu; bet that has mad enernses of sembition
had hero blighted—reit she eagle. piteous of his esposeive
semi (for es mind efts as rapastriere as bataa's iu ibt pursuit
la evil) had not ay. ilea to erliper the boss .r the realm son
of Treacle noleyesdesce. Ile MAW span the Innen hereof
freedom that sem. from afar; mod liis neasage, his Moser,
sod hie life, were the merited earn Bee.--(ftsgressfeel rharrs.)—
Olaf the rosersteence of Pa. esealliall bs 1118 ri"ces war
bens wafted altogether to Itieserff, the stooroing and dia.
trees that now pervade the land weak/ met have Geier* to
hales. Neither the property of the people, nor the far
&sin sad more cherished isberisseep of .sr lathers—
the 1 lawny ley transriiiitel to us —would have bees to be he.
walled—cede peewee mss pmerwest you cans/et my that &g-
-lued is sow the s time happy emote, as ohne be list knew
it —rote, a,.!..t—Year after year has she sateen wealth
he.. pleader. d, eel etrosetbiog abridged from the privileges
eel the restores .f the people, seta the Invasions that have
bees male or oar rharteved and Isaliesable rights have
become is the last degree alseetag, sod women Iv have pro.
reeled to the stasue hosaelary of bemoan trodenusee. Public
and legal noretioes for redrew oferievaisers have, smeltery to
the rupees confect betweew the Kim, aged the prone, lens
A/ready istivrapted: lemma the promatelters at Illaselletter
..e she 1411.10 A stoat. The irrpol, neat was mated that day ,
will sorer be furgviiess..-(" Now, awed!")—.o, sever!—
The
priocipai premiss ghat peered is the earlier proceed.
jags of that day were clerical Wigiatrates. I dealt, afire,
the awe:isms, ,forded ley 'Mete rocetelsoge, sad the amotoes, •
edifyiss eermons, preached, before Judges; that the lees clef.
green had to do with bring Magistrates the better. New
the pelibillNlNl i•I Mil bloody tragedy—she Yeomanry Ca-
valry; a baud of—l do sot has. whet tens to apply to
thent—tie 'bey are is nature different front any thing is
the heaves. above, vr Is the earth beneath, or is she es.
ten ceder the earth; for as creature Is the teredies de.
lights to riot it, the heed of its fellow. Is future sees
IM rase of Yeoman Cavalry will he reromiesuses with
every ter; creel and blood.ehirety --(Drove! braes !)
To proceed—ore and strange hers have bees made to pet
dews public amoriatioas, ewes three diet sot maitre with
the absurd am* bastard loyalty ref the day : • the 'term " key.
ally" itself has bees perverted from Its legitimate enessing;
eel be is upbraided as dirafferted cad as a jwoeis who
wend slab to restore the Constiestios—who wand dear*
Iv repair her pairs, and dome her palaces; while the
men mho trample epos all emtliy, who alss as they east, who
me stewed respectable chorale/a, ist proportiore as they
arleraece she 444.• ..r • rorrept envenom's*, and sinister
to she slavery of the emontemsty smee held out as the
any scaly loyal —(idowee.)---towee d our mew is power,
who are as,. Jecheisselliee, may out kanew, is the es.
ems of their over. emblem /molt, sod estoceit„ the atimaisg
sit the word; hot 1 world he ashdosedeeneoely so torrent
rem, though were of poi stay be imporlemity salted the rab-
ble. that it smell.a as attschment Sol the RAW/. Noir,
Mialialan sad their vele panders, awl hr& of apple Mans.
traits, ems the ere had—and the sisierral nation es the
otter. are at ismer ; sail I rob roe, boldly, who are they
lobe lave trasege seed the form! who art they who have
plena. oral tie warp.. or tlet woman mortuary! sod WINS
ISM they • ip., neurorreried by 'spectate., Ileelkes ref soppa.
Aral hp v•sou.s.proara....aaay possibly NIA* skip-
terse4 of is.. tArirev .if she *bole people
(.net the " esp. ciliates." as she, are favii.laly, mad, is too
wary eamatreas, improperly called; bet the " rabble," the
bawdy clam ost latieorera wise as, the 11i11111711 of Site Rime,
sod the oaks mews ..f wealth) is sot siaimetiusamuty press
fore led nod careo• owl that three mew, she have se team
oportmed they kisc.lenta, he Arens Cent their senworthy
seam •ith iirciace, w woke room dot other* who will
steeled hi Ihr pramara a loog.miTering people, /ma re-eats.
Mesh She "Aimee teem* is .101.•••••.•
• %item she enternsoisa tams we pay appreepramed he ishkete ad
stleolete etemesty, the eremite weiehl, eel I hrlwve ~flak
brae lop soder see beeleasa with needy re-Ignatemy bet
whim airy are ere*. sad ifrtly„ seal henetey, demist am mist
sufferings sf

.: ....~ ... -.aa~ne

, from your poet. he withent having eatirsoun le liiii:oh4
sod In me ask if Were lie set sewn far onepho
lies national 'Simonton Ii all mom afresity e
them it kit Ainsept other items ef rad re (skid b . isbuieug
'suet, Ikkag Wat repents tom rime al) le lee ! this oriel,
part • duty of WO per sent. soden other linkages( &mitts
prodeme, whirl' cane tram the tallareil at am enmerse nd
entime, aim pay most inatleous Asti, ondistoger sot Is We
Ithe properties with toe; olbilst all, as Might of sot* rime
that the see ofil lafsdiermenble for the esjoyetent
of pep • tan ef URI per lest. or. Ginfrenuweat ad,
dines of Ise eprfailehllßle worth et ant peaked from
IM pits!noTirege wadi • fee of the einem, whence the
wentessibig sal Jaellkeint*hres laid; but 1 as ate-
rimed that if Ili pespaneiniet Semi and Mir to lbeerelwer,
they west medal, dome the Weir Awe. seder their feet,
sad ablate kW! of of cis. itteee is We wee* tram..
for whet ie that widebibelib We roman sprite of the Hy.
i'• ben yew nasally Is atesermag articles Wet entiriber•
se ler." lo the esteems of Goveromest ? Ten ere swam
mist is essay plasm sambers of indivitleah her dernared
to essaome is Mlle se potable •f egerealtle reatmeitivsr
splits, tire, loser, tat; near, megar, Mimeo, Ike. As. ac.
mid the minempesse already Jib eves oh thia media wok.
that Ili mongleale kelpie/ he beinelh : dem% We emir
le peony &Irian brood What it woest abs. period het
7'01,.. Ohlleffi thaw t "Win Riirt•f•—.3l, freesia their
erill be h etwillg go rrielvtiess ..baited to yo.„ tithes far
simptiowte reketins whit% I shall sot at rend enter lIII,J
the svelte Of suite it rS. my, they are, is torte awl
haiste, similar to shwa silopeed by 40,000_0f oar brethren
is thiinadit, at • Meeting lately held at ROI byre's ; litho
have boldly tome forward, and see deteinoised to Wilms
the emeilosiore to peseliet.-they are sletitomiord to peke
themselves not unworthy the imam of direeratesta of •
Wire or • Wallace. Cowie boldly forward, Ilwa, my know .
amestrymes, and sipped the Reeslutton, sod prove that
yarn will serer be s.wortby of Iola( allied the amen room
of a Sydney, • Hampden, use • Rowell !—(Chairs )--Ant,
way iniontrifileal, Jaillll /OP, it oily seeds .4 a bete putt, •
einem pull, sad • pull alargether"—a general romperottid
of the whole hingibroson." to dreg the sage etroggliog Use
day ;" aid (reveres • linal,soil, I trust, • peaceable end to
all air miseries."—(Seed sod cooffeired entwine)
Mr. JAMS. WORM/ addressed Ike mieettog, by ststiolg tat
be woe sum lo inform them that his friend Mr. Chellierd
hail bars remittal incapable of appearing *essept Wei
that day by the effects of isditipiesithei; bat he waii happy
ti anew thrum Wet • mere determined character in Memo,
Id referee wag owl to be pie files observed : you here
heard • detailed stemma by Ole. liPlitogie of the silvery id
which theentstry is reeked; aid yen meal be fel:y mak-
lied that the Isle war was squat tied impolitic; but don
intern am apoorliele, W. Pitt, was the amnia nose of sit
our salleriteri, by wagtsg war arrest the that liberehh.
of Prestt. to upheld Me thrones of the Deeper of Boirogre,
which led to the reiteration of the therhose, esti of that
despicable drearier, the pritienat•eimbroiderieg sod boa eel
Perilisand, who has proved brawl( • immix to the awe*
of Knot. By inarklag the salon is tint war, is hoe bete
brought soder the present enormous load of debt and ash
nos which hove led t• our pretest edam and starting
coodition. Oar absurd rulers have hod the salacity in
state that the mirky is is a inirisblog eamlitiolej Soot
have bad the impsileace to make ands • staressont to
the Price Regent; but let them visit ewe Witannfaiweing
loess, sod they wilt have proof of shit eweition which
theta pastime in sane cell flourishing t They hive a.arrlavl
thet Radical Reform is rostra,' Mollie nonstieni ion ; but we
Illy that tassison within repranstatinot in mammy to the
principles of Afars Chalet the gems charter ellhe roustry.
The people ef Ragland have bag been njoied by she WWI";
Ass, twee heves'', came forward as the pretended fries&
of reformat for ft pars per they hove cried •p the own- _
My isf reform and retreueltment; hot whew they, with
Clarke Poi came into power, whet blessings did the mos.
try eejoy? The beronglverageriug spots continued is its
toll strength, and the Anger of • Whig came heavier upon the
great body of the people Was We shale thigh of a
Tory. These rem Whip have sow Claw f,rward to pro.
claim • relined system of reform, cosseting of Trienaisi
Porliamesis fad Household Swamp, which, they assert,
will .sewer every reetneary purism* ; keg akin us 1101•11 -
weird be neither jest, oar sitswee any purpose necessary to
relieve the @seiner of the people. We Ltd.! it to be due of
right to every man of fall age and of sound mind, to be re.
=sed is Parliameot. Pediatrists ((sell to be I,
eit then Sis opportunity will be stook ol to kirk eel a
rural at abased of • year if head sot & his doty—(rkens )
—A. we have no hope of any cadent ref. rue from this pro
of lus. Whip, we most reed osnelees in °rat r Cu accom-
plish then desirable objet.. Whip bare a all times nes&
see of the people ea • atep.hdder, i• order to elevate three-
selves to the Trallalary Inichre • • wok (doer serum plobi mg
Weir ink purpose, they bare diedainfitile throws, their step.
haler away. mil desaninated the people. "re rabbi • ."' 11.
Inn way of obtain:mg a Radical Reform is by Eaglisboolete
smiting is mall bodies to or Mb rack, motorail, essistieg
each other is every lawful imileamior to abeam the gilled oth
jeer-.4meleleisatiesl of which seise is the blindly of arks.
Oar object is nearly isreamplished ;—syree-y trembh, epos
it, where, sal with grief beltolle err simoii, and Liege meet-
lap a 40.400, 110,000, and 101,000, were the people as.
arable together to expose Ikeabosaiorable oysiene or fir gyms.
wield betroghineogeri Pc radios. Rai the honesty sod spirit
of linglishines will step &Tweed and elect a pure Hour* 4.1
Conreses, which will sweep away 'befell' Opt ion ..i. that vile
mat which at prawns Safest she his, called St. Stei•heres.—
He begged leave to make a few tehremat, one sin :he eh:kakis
of • arias description of Hest Imes who call ihnierli es 'h•
vies teachers—who bare sessiferal the !rearm comity
spier the yeopk. These pretesdere lo Christi's irligiute
have, front the pelpitsbal the temerity : o prominence Haller
Reformers the mender of God awl man, and. et stir greed
desk, hare phisged them beedteng Shill eternal perdition!!
Th-y see the sipper en of the present absurd system of
tazatios and mihrolo-mad coosequeelly vindicate the pear.
tier of all Impiety asti iniquity. —They, themselves, are per
takers is the plunder of the ripple, by their bane loses.
riawaly on that part of tapir* called the ti:bes. Why me
these Reyrtrid Grethen so seriously *loomed at a lioilini
Ketone la Parliament hot because such • Ramie womb(
be the inane of tokenism's, kr she otitis 44 tithes, sod
foe what purpose they were primarily tented: o Mawr
they were ranted imriglailly tenable big bribed Din skit in
Divinity to riot In hisory—or for the rapport of :be post
of the penis; if it•wae denoted is favour of the lasts. is
wend be so sisforseme dearoemy fi,r the sous tif kin,
sad terroptios. He believed that the alto ate re prime,-
peal, rivalled for the sepport of the poor, lessoug obey a
masa wiped in reversom for the el, y; and lee awirmnisi
Shot Ills. swish is a valletroi allowance for preaching two
111.10011111 twee emeek. The people mast rliog together,
and esonorage each other. The Mailing of ion. ray woe
lamented to whew lAN ilarrr, Ilsolarillnal es yul u•t-Gal in tiNI
community, and may morn to maimpliehing Ilse great fusee
foe whir% they were weetenblode men who are small in ii..
lure, like himestP. awl use It Rte Mate, may cifectsaflynerve
the essmai=itinesce.
nu out dm mod. They were priferipally
direted spinet We snorminpftwo of excisable alibi( a.
Mr. WNW spin owes beepord, wad rerun...if the son
venal illegoloelemb ISt Wei steed the multitude ef She
liteskillontrest with *air approbation, what he mos rat.
seawall bylaw dims.
.•
Use of dot Csseriliss of she Pestle ReArreneeellak Cot.
hill pompseed I. the Mimeo their lag, which was is.
Periled, N Whnevor Wedinh isatee bred, Weiss WWI bit
Mood be ebeeesdires ass Sibinelee • Aram if Ilkiliellie
tE.ibbBllll.llmlslatal apse os the bah Mori. 4411
*up *oVain es the ?Aloe hag cask :•••••1 Se
et she Pen* Rhesus of Gobi,. I de eireeN
iirAlMolll__._ _11"1"ilft •Xle with ibis Elm the swiss es
wairomper =now 'WM Mat dowilbardlit werwerpws• .1
'chg.,. willeitedimplolss by Wthat is Om Is iiisayis
AA

"--

on PAM, and, Me leth liostwe, will be. pnblialied by lle
lessees lilmmine Tee Compeny, pease 1. W... inermesimi
Pamphlet es Tea, matainnas Twelve i.e Eaggertelb MSS
lowliewat Me proems et tee Tea Plops Sun sis
Om Dewing a the Seed la4bl Psi". f'w lea=
Illaebri. Te be bed et ihe Veettre4Y. 1
S. Onseing-einea I and 141 S, thdolit 811141-
maim MUNI mid 411easery.

tM traisLiss arts Wrist/A yellistioiSi wei savississt
slit miss bare• reediil4 sestripiessi awl is the mailers, of
Sisk sisiskyoirsiserisi time so the own issrikkie *Sled s.
lima fee IN. MrN perMrtni she slisrpOsses sows mita w-
hims As bissess streetwise rid, witentersk, asi tttr lasi..
lag of *soy. moss Wishes ob. fiislisitget Isrsit--(ayssi)
-siAlses slissiovik soy (Ansi.. Nil yeses Is:TA
tlai ssl isess 041iiiiss• tor rhosiNgaatelism).
14 1e east set of fligy4s* Polladle, 4WO
*ell 11011111 1.110//f 111`41 Stridisii ssieressis, W 114111*
MM 10~00 alrin.4lo4• lltl Obreer-410miase Mitt
usidiggas 440431 *IP haggis( es a deed
sod i iisseembio sretil dosessisol Usk Wes -\
psssissity d Nsssilliksis dist Inds Csfirfs
