1 menet you to wait till you we ertisfied, whether
the causes which have now peventel the success of
our arms is Spain, are not precisely the satne as
those of which we before had the experience. The
conduct and achievements of our troupe in the field,
are to be attributed to trseir valuur anti the conduct
of their Geriend. The distiArous consequeuces,
even of their victories, are ettrintitable to their want
of supplies—tot the want, of support, combination
—to all those cirounistances which compel an army
to retreat, even lifter a battle, in which it has been
victorious. It is to be attributed to tlw mislekett
itistructeins of His Majesty'r Ministers, coupled with
the complete ilefieieocy of the means by which
they we:e to he executed.—l have stated thus
=itch ;alio when I have stated my decided opinion,
that, with respect to both these failure', inquiries
ought to take place, I em persuaded the result of
thue nitride. will het satisfactory as to the conduct.
of the officers-4 intern to cont.-wit, that it is nut
to the conduct of the officer, the failurerour anus
have experienced are to he attributed, but that the
plans of throe expeditious have born attended w:th
circumstances. on the part of His Majesty's Mi-
nisters, of Botch manifest. notorious, uncontruvere
tihle inisceudect, u would make it the basest de-
reliction of your duty, if you was not, on this day.
when you are, for the first time, arierniltled, to ex-
press a general oPeition of rattle 1111 l utiou.—l will
thew you that it is probable. frost' what I have
heard, flee result of further iiiresire will greedy
neterevitte the impression if the misconduct of Iles
Majsalt's Nlinisters.—What I um calling upon
eon,. to expreis nu °pigeon mom is with
regard to those posits which are public anti tin-
tormus. which are obi inus to all the *aid, and uo
inquiry 11.1inike your Lordships better acquainted
with, even if yon had here on ynur tilde all the
orders and counter-orders of all the contending
departments, brlontprig to what is called the est-
i/141g tioverinnent. I do this hot solely for the
purpose of censure. though I do distinedy avow,
that. to shrink from the duty of calamine Ministers,
would be to abirulat the nosit wooed trusts reposed
in leo bled fa the more important perpose of
prevention ; for. to my aslunishisst tit, if any thing
could create it, idler who, I have heard, the prin-
ciple is this day avower)—the intentiondeclored—
eve, and y nu are called on to make yourselves par.
ties to the eimiiituation oh these destructive. wanton,
and fruitless expeditious—Therefore, the ameitd-
ment I have to state does out merely go to the con-
detonation of Ministers—lt will melte It impossible
enu can Starr that quart of the Addles+ to pass,
which, if you Jut, will make you M 41441114.1 par-
takers, teid the shaven, in the consequences which
must follow from the mad di termination expressed
in the Aildr. as, which has been moved—Conse-
sesericee, which I chew little spirit of predictiou
when I state, will be much miner calamitotio than
those which have preceded them. The Noble
Baron, who seconded the Address, gavelled to opi-
nom* and suggestimis of putties'. which, had they
been !tassel over in *deuce by other-, I should
have thought it my bounden duty once more to
have brought 'whirr you. I did not shrink front
the duty of 001,11 hem when they were nopopular.
If I predicted the con-tluene,. of the measures of
His Majesty's Ministers, chest those conaugnencts
were doubtful and micertaiii, crrUiulp I em not to
shrink from them how. when sill I Mire said has
been confirmed by tnelitieletly experence, and
when the red majority of the Co4lln*ry ive the
delimitate outlet which they have lebnured, the ar-
tiness. by *Lich they litter betel ilreClVrd, and the
dreadful restilisof the errors into which they have
herrn led. i do repeat the opinion I have before
expressed. that. Grim the in•ontot of the e..oeitati of
the present war, the roller of this country ought
to have keen decidedly ihibreet Orlin that which
Was pursued in the last war. At the outset, and
during the grevteet part of the last war, it was de-
ments, to nose in Europe a rpmt of resistance to the
orerwheltning power of France. To encourage
that spirit, and to prevent, if tio‘eilliet the 11111.11ing4.-
Lan of the Cowin. of ; hot it was .teen that our
entietsymir. weft.. fruitless, Treaties were signed, by
which the several Pnwers of Europe acknowlerford
their euhijogetion to France, thotteh the d.sasters
of our allies were mneli less than they are at pre-
seat. They were stieh as to lead mile man acquaint-
ed witji tree interior situations of the kingdoms and
Governments of the Continent, to Itcl•cee, that
any efforts of our's would only have the effect of re-
stewing, with tentoLl aggravation, the misfortunes
of Europe. That was my opinion with regard to
the improvident inetroure senewing the war, after
the experience we had had, within the last ten years,
and often this hope was lost, that Russia, Austria,
and Prussia, would he united iiro one common
confederacy, and make such a resistance as should
tiltinseelv ena!tle them to withstand the sitmost
efforts of France. Tlwre could lw no such hope
rationally entertaitiert; and all that was circulated
on the !subject was a complete delusion ; practised,
hope not by, hut upon, those who eutertitined it.
Fraser. in her old situation lwfore the Revolution,
as every man se/piloted with the history of that
country knows, woe sufficieutly strong to make
head against any conferferitcy that could he entered
into in opposition to her. Rehr was thus strong
before the Revolution, she was, by the tweet of
Amiens, in a situation e heel nothing but some
great change iu the continental affairs, or the state
of France herself, could afford to any man a well
grounded hope that resistance could be effectually
atomised to her. Under these circumstances, what
was the probable mischief of rettenang the contest ?
Yon was anoctpating your own harvests—ynu was
urging Powers to recommence a war which they
were by no meson capable of carrying on—you was
hindering Power', who were friendly to ; and
alio, if you had suffered them to enjoy a hole re.
pose. might, probably, have effectuated is change
in the situation of Europe, and of making an
openino. of which this country might have availed
lirowlf, for vigorous and successful co-operation. If
it Was your polies, that the Power, of the Continent_
should rev-ate 111,-171471re*, what wits it with respect
to tout own sitoaeon ? You had been relieved
by a short truer f a war, the pressure of which
had Lorin• r m, s neaniees than any former
war. I speak 1.0 si b reterence to numerical we-
countp, but I speak ef amused& effects; mid I
inv. that. as to os•i.osible effects the last war
premed harder upon the country than any war in
teach it had ever ie-tai engaged before. Then what
was the obvious policy pots ought to have pur-
sued You ought to hare availed y ourselves of

the advantages which God and Nature had given
you ; and to which' (tinier the circumstances you
we' e placed in, the dictates of wisdom and coin-
mii prudeuce langgetted you ought to have con-
fined )lounitive,' with the most scrupulous care.
By re doitig. and by adopting that system in the
first year of the present war. your emnaises weir
brought within limits which thecouotry 'night have
redurid. Since yap have departed hum it, your
expenses have increased to an amouut which it is
lamentable to contemplate. In the first year of
the war, an attempt was made to adopt a it stem of
husbandry and (economy—it succeeded completely ;
and if it had beets persevered iii, you might have
goue en without erldstional pressure on .your
finances, and you were still alive to the omelet
v.;ii
hich would give to the enemy the i .e for-
midable resiateuter. You were alive o the
moineut to say, the suite of my naval
force citable. the country to ail Noland all the
attempts of the enemy, and its tinatseial state is
adequate to a def. osier war, as long as it may be
protracted, not only unhurt arty atWition to, but a
gradual alleviation deo its burden.. iiVith respect
to that system, yore Lordships, read the gloomy
libels which are issued from the press. Those who
established that system were rucceeded by His Ma-
jesty's present Ministers, yips took care to tell you
that the enuree of their predeceesors as, to be look-
er, at. not t. induce them to labour to the sawn sir-I
lutary end. nod to keep *idiot the burnish' ef ex-
pelage, but a. a biarenu and linstlanurk by which to
steer dkrectly opposite. That by their Wolf*
ou tine Continent of Enrope. they were to res.
cue the mitioits from slavery and the oppreaslun
said power of the enemy. ' ‘ire have now been
brought to the test of eXperience—ee have hail
three years of vigour and emerprize ; and for three
years these tern hove had the loth 111 l trd command
of the councils and tresSurre of the country, and,
I grieve to way. the unlimited disposal of the lives
,of the army sod misty. What a terrible account
have they to render—whet a dreadful account have
you to demand of them ? and wkat a dreadful ac-
count haw you, in quit( tarsi, to render to the
country ? Theo, I say, not by our ayetem,
Lut their own, against the experience of three
years, *gallon all reason, agninst all knowledge of
the state of Europe, ageing every ergument drawn
from thevast, they embark a large expedttiou on
the Continent, with the hope of affording support
to nor (plies—with a hope. which, in the last debate,
we were told by *Noble Lord. using a phrase no less
inagniticeut than the expedition ass, to effect" the
deliverance of Ettrepr."—Now, see what this deliver-
slice of Europe has come to—See what Ili, Ma-
jesty'a Ministers have effected. Be not waled with
etipertirial itiformat alone.; but bemnsfird what
Imre been the se..ste of brume, and the sacrifice of
lives, by whirl His Majesty's filiniaters have coil-
trivet' to rewire the British vostiois the derision MA
acorn of all the surrounding countries. I artist re-
mind you. that Ibis Addrews contains II &Ansa
pledge to pursue a comments% armature-4)o not
take my amwrliote-11.4.1/4 at the words of the Addries,
sad you will perceive, that, after all the disgraces
)ou hare suffered. these Well. have the conscience
to 111. y. not only that you shall Mit inquire into the
past, but that you shall support the King's Minis-
ters in the pruset uhon dr ties war. of the Intseries of
which this country neve berme ;ma an example.—
Yon are to believe, bat what they Cooled to
do limier hotter sumer s, that which they failed
i
to do when Austria was ut war, and when the other
countries of the Continent were unsubdued, is to
be effected, now when Austria and those conntries
have malted to be independeut powen•-3uu are to
hazard your armies—to hazard the lives of fifty
thousand urea—sod for whilst loorioo.e?—in the vain,
delusive expectation, of being able to contend
against the military power of France. Unlets 3 our.
Hoods are intumeol.-4 .by failure, WI others are by
success—unless yon ere laurel. ts Item others heliolil
only cypress—mitres you Me triumphs where others
see disgraces—uulem you see victories where others
are defeats—unless you are so deluded as to think,
that, with armies of thirty or forty thousand
melt you are competent to meet the whole military
power of the Contioent of Europe—unless you suf-
fer your underatentliegs to Iw au 414)~(1 upon, it
is impossible you can consent to ate Adder-s which
sanctions a perseveraitce in the measures of his Ma-
i

jesty's Ministers. I entreat you to rousider, that,
neither will your finances enable you to bear a hanger
continuance of the system pursued by the pre-
sent Ministers, nor, as a Military Power, will the
population of the country supply your armies with
recruits. It is a vain expectation, which lies been
too often disappointed, that ell our failures may be
atoned for by some signal success, by a change of the
nature of things, and by all alteration in the natural'
course of human event.. !laving again discharged
my duty, in protesting against this system of con-
tinental warfare, convinced as l am, that it ran be
productive of nothing but evil, I will now call upon
you to try the merits of the last cinnpai;4n, as far
61% respects the conduct of His Majesty's M:irsters,
not by our system, but by their own. Its, con-
ceding to them, that it was 6410, in the slate of
this country, of its litsaiiria, sod the conditiou of
the people, as they existed last year, once more to
try the effect of a continental ekpedition, with the
hope of turning the tide of fortune, and achieving
the deliverance of Europe. Now, any person en-
tenanting that opitston, must have been blind to
R list had been passing the last seven years, insist
have levrnt nothin4 from the misfortunes of our
01• R I.oolltry, or the successes of the enemy, if he
had not convinc.eil himself, that, whatever effort
was to be mark, it VIH., above all things, necessary,
it should he, in the first place, made early; io the
second, that it should he combined; and, lastly,
that it !Mould be directed to such a point as Omuta
hear on that in which con,ided the real pressure of
the war. I shall hardly think it necessary to en-
large an any one of these points. I should, if it
was intended to act on the Continent, nrituridly
conclude, that it would he the object of Bogie-
parte to put his armies into motion as speedily
Mc possible. I ask your Lorslahips to keep this in
your minds, whether, if you had had twelve or
fifteen months' notice of the probability of your
being obliged to act au such • system, you would
not have thought that every energy and effort ought
to have been strained in order to enable you to act
early, and et the period when such a co-operation
was likely to be 'mended with advantage ? You
know that, far the purpose of such au operation, His
Majesty's Miaisten had a farce which may be a.

timated at an hundred thousand men. Such had
Ibeen the prodigitlity of Parliament—such had been
your Lordships prodigality, that you had contain-
ted to them, for tiny plan windy combined, a
force very little short of one hundred thousand
men. If you ask one whether my orinion is that
soy passible employment of that farce could have
tarried the scale of the war? 1 am ready to pro-
nounce, let me contradict whose opinion I way,
that the whole armanieut could nut •Itisuately
have turned the scale of the war ; that it might
have turned the scale of the particular campaign,
ant far front disputing ; but even then it was es-
sential, not only to employ it together, and in mane
great and combined operation, but that the opera-
tion should be .o chosen as to bear on the pressure
of the war. The fate of the war ois the Continent
depended upon nothing that could be elected
either in Spain or in Portugal. It depended upon
the result of that great conflict which was oat
the point of taking place between A n.ttia sod
France. A conflict which •ttll warms the heart
with the remembrance of the last gallant ecploits of
the brave armies who defended the Anstriaii :110.
narchy.—Exploits winch must excite in the breast
of every man admiration, accompanied with regret
at their not having succeeded. I say. thew:lure,
that, in order to have produced any elrect on the
campaign. it was necessary that our force should be
so direeted as to tell in the war between Austria and
France ; if not so employed it could be to no
purpose ; for every bulimic lavished, mod *eery
life lust, thine who so employed, oar resources,
were accountable. The state of Europe. during the
war, efforttel His Majesty's Ministers nut our, but
two opportutinies of waking the co-operation of the
forces of this country fall %statelier& on those of the
enemy. lit the first place, you had, by your uteri-
ti we superiority, and the great naval force you pos-
sessed in the Mediterratitati, the means of landing
at Trieste, and its neighbourhood, such a force 111
might have coutritinted to alter the fetal issue of the
eampoign. The fate of Austria wee derided by a
battle, an 4 that battle was decided by Bonaparte's
thawing that force from Maroons, which you could
have prevented. You might have prevented both
General Mortnout sod General Macdonald from
'tending lom seniforcemeats. You might have
kept them both in check. It might not have alter-
ed the tate of the war, but. with a view to continen-
tal
co-operation. or tuitional honour, or the delive-
ranee of Europe, or any other object, it would have
been meritorious. eornpared with the wretched ex-
j edition shich was sent to Portugal. I may be
told, that. to hart acted on the side of the Mediter-
reneani would have required large fleets and nume-
rous armies, which would have been intruded with
nnormous expenses. Tune, but they might have
produced soma brae/prate a fleet. Let rue ask, have
you not incurred great expenses by your miserable
experivione. not in assistieg, but in bringing loss
and degradation on our allies, and scorn and simile
oat ourselves? Look to the North of Germany.
Consoler all that strike, the mind in that part
of the Coutioeut.. If His Majesty's Nlitestere
are capable of relict ,nu, let them reflect on
the powerful diversion they might have effected
by encouraging that spirit which actuated the
North Of Germany. Hating failed to take oilman-
toge (COLA spirit; having destroyed tire hovel of
thus* lirte people, who would have exerteA them-
'Arra aguiust the common foe; having doll! 110•
thing io aid of the cause iii which they were en-
gaged;wluit west be the feelings of such rues when
they come down to Parliament to speak of the ser-
vices they have performed, by the dansulition of
some docks belonging to the enemy ? As near to
you as. tl'alchereo, tisere was a spirit even among
your own sullects, which you might have called
into minion. l'here was the populatiou of whole
iirovinces ready to rise in cruet ; warlike provinces,
consisting of men used to war...disband, d, indeed,
his as good edifiers as any also ever fratglit, marl all
of them ready to juin the British ettaiidard. I lere
was where you ought to hew held out esicsinrsge.
meat. You neglected to .lo so, and you have an-
crificed these men to the melancholy fame they have
since curial-ed. you dune all this, still I am not
of opinion it %Quid have been available, so as to
have decided the fate of the war favourably to this
c try; hot if) nu had done it—ls there a man who
11111 41111111i.111.41 the plans of Bonaparte would have
been inaterislly rhsconcerted ; that his plans it, Sesta-
ny would have been disconcerted, that upon the in-
surrection in the Nottli of Germany hr would not.
instead of sealing the National Guards of Paris,
base been oltligrif to have opposed it by disciplined
troops. This is what you might have dont—iron,
like a blighted ear comes what you bum done--
You had an hundred thousand men at your di..
posail; of these something suture than twenty
thousand were disposed of in Sicily. You had two
armies of forty thousand wen in addition to your
naval force. Our of these armies we, destined to
set in Portugal, and to march into the heart of
Spain, and this expedition was sent out by the
very into who had originally 'planned Sir John
Moore's expedition. It had been aocernuisirsi that
such a force was inadequate to produce any other
effect than the toes of the brave hen who composed
it. Hie Majesty's Ministers not only did not profit
from the experience they heel, but they so contrived,
that one of the errors to whirlthey attnbuted
the failure of Gen. Moores army, should operate
in a still greater degree in the army of Lord Wel.
lingtoo. What were the defects with regard to
General Moore's expedition ? In the Bat pines., its
operations were cot coucerted with the Spanish Go-
vernment. Shall we be told that the operations of
tine second campaign were better concerted. You
will find from the dispatches. that one of the prin-
cipal reasons which impeded the insreh of Sir David
Baird, was His Majesty's Miiiisters basisig collected
troops, but forgetting it was necessary to send money
to pay them. His Majesty's Ministers never had the
foresight to consider what manures would be ni.
emery. in order to supply theee armies with too- •
Rey ; and I shall not be contradicted in sayn.g,
that the diSrulties which were felt in the late
campaigns in Walcheren wed in Spain, (or went of
money, were superior to what were felt by General
Moore. Sir John Moore tells vow, that swpplies
could twit he obtained, and that that effect mei the
want of a proper communication. Sure I am, that
no men, provident of their coontry, or the troops
committed to their diem,. would have planned
such expedition% unlessi.:.ey bad the means of pro-
ctoring adequate supplies. If any eseraw might
basic. been wade fur Has Majesty's Ministers, fur

cis culatiog the delueion. when General ,
s , .
pituitaries was stilt out, that adequate sup;
be obtained by the vigour of the Spite,
meta, what excuse can be upside lair
the mine confidence the success of Los
ton's campoigia ? He tells you that if
was followed by All the eireunistauces wl
attend defeats, it was because the Si
verouteist did not furnish him with
What reason was there to suppose t
Government would furnish him with sui
Yost had experienced the deficiency
memos to supply you, and you had i
panes to counteract the evil. The conseq
has beep. that Lord NVellington's expedie
failed, with a dtstructiou mid lows to '
greeter than what it eeperiemsed mid,
Moure. Another radical defect, in the i
and original forniatsou and constructs
measure, was the ridiculous belief Mims,
rained, that a country, which, for )rare,
centuriee, had not been engaged in at
operations, would send forth, in aid of
cause, out inertly an armed iwatiantrv,
the enemy by determined hostilities—:h
disciplined erotica, on whom you nags
take their share of the danger, to mambos
posts, and execute your plains, mud assist
operaf . This was the miserable de
which Sir John Moore was siteritied. 1'
the hopes a liieli were held out to him ;
to the moment of his expiring, in the are
tory, nes er were realised. Rut arm
taught by this?—No: the lessoo was
them. What was t!,e cause of the fails
bust campaign ? Was it for wait of \
No: British valour never wits more cunt
It was because, as Lord Virellisigton te
he trusted on ilig.e tons whom he received
port; that he looked to ileum! Cile.sta,
disappointed. if this had hampered Ito
time, we might have said to His Alssi
Meters, yen ought to have known how thew
would have turned out. You are not
defending a nation, if yen air so to be
you ought to have known that history is
with proof, that an armed population i
considered as • dieciplisied army ; that
gh that men should be affectionate
cause they are to defend, but discipliutd, i
and obedieut to command, well oil eyed—ha,
skilful officers—them-elves elite to execute
commands they receive, and their officers
of judging what commands to give, and
same time fit to be is listed. I say to His Ild
Miniaters if you enuresis your uteapecity, i
you not tamght by experience ? Why did
profit by the calamities which your igeor
bought? Why net profit by the Calasnit,
John Moore ? Why *rod out expeditions ,
the same feiliires and suffer the Caine losses,
ink; no monuments to their cou:nry but t-
are calculated to excite o just indignatiou
is what 1 propose you to say to His Majest
stars.—l ask you slot to exatedue into the
of the expedition—l deprecate +my isquiry
military conduct of the raiiipaign—Cat 7
nothing but infatuation could ve led rot
situation of His Majesty's Nil stets, wit..
perience of Sir Jelin Moores ',pejo bete
eyes, to amend armies upon ex. Lans, widow
least probability of their heiu aide to -
service to their country. Iha . called m
Lordship+ to prouounce your judginen,
thousands of Lees which have been 'resit
the treasure which his been expended,
when the country could ill stare it, to fi
pedit.ons. Has mg spoken of the operati
of uor monies, I will proceed to remark
the other : t% a arc told in His Majesty'
what viers the objeets of thereto! expedition
cheren. Ito but object was to effect a div,
favour of Amon's. Can Ibe mistaken wh
that you knew of the probability of a war
Austria and France in )tint. You was '
in what manner you was to ecooperate. so
• powerful diversion in favour of Amu
expedition left this country illiabe last de
mouth of July, and what heal hoopened
terve! ? why, this ally, whom, siuce tt w.
been considering how you could a shit,
out hie whole. force in bloody conte,t, hit.
gaged in tour desperate battles, and ha.
the ertnisfee„ which led to the fatal peaces)
wards signed. The knowledge of that id 111 l Il t,
arrived lii England before your an sionient ha.
Your ally, vanquished and etitadu.d, hod
the law from the conqueror, and then y,
army left your shores. Can this need acc
Is it possible, knowing these facts, to refer
inquiry the merits of Ills Majesitv's M
Why, it would be a mockery of ail just
would insult )our country, you wool('
yourselves. Ido say these are recta, wilt
quiry elm reader more certain or lees
Shall I he told that it was • great annum
it was delayed by necessity ; that, like er
force, it depended on the winds, and
ports being in readiness. Why all this ,
to you. it yo,s assist to Nod 40,000 go,
neieltbourhuod of the Scheldt, it is Isom
bailie trumpet's. to ....i.v•y thetas; but if, '
which you could not coutraul, tt was tuna
send this armament sooner, why send i
Is it true, I ask, that this Expedition, lel
tine country, went in Welchem,' to 'Teats
ion in favour of Austria ? Impossible ! ti
not have been inch an idea ! Austria eas,
vaisquished—liatt received the law from
Nothing further remained to be douse.
petition ",siled for this reason mily—he,
Majesty's Ministers were afraid to 'maim
the expense which had hems meowed. Is
actually sailed till its object was defeated,
was a vain hope, thetas iu the case of Cop
the capture of a few slits heal ci.vered
grace of that nailer/eking ; o. tit this
hurniulr of a few ships in the Sem-
leave sufficed for the low% and nation.l d,
slieuld have worei.aerh, Tins trine do ie
of the Ex.wdioun, I say a taw,- diewace
the imbecility or 3414119. ten lievt r thosi.,
into erect. 'You know Lim, ale.s it h
reproach to this criuntry—lou on. soar 7,
the deep is.spression the iumist•tioi..,
rho, Us all 1.41111' 4:14441e441.. y 4441 are 14441.11eu
intermit, Or E.irope, and to the pi i,,esp!
tice--that MI site 4:401111VIN of 1M• ta...1.1
reeled wkly will, plundering of tiros al

I 4
lot
lA.
Vt.

I ask pi. if Bonsporte, the great circulator
this impres.aina, had employed ally body to
re curiency to the falsehood, I ask you,
* he could more effectnally hate done it,
30 by this miserable e.apedit• to the Scheldt ?
out ,u.n.t have been the feelings of the nations of.
after hearing of your projected de-
l.,. of Europe, and read your higltssauuding
inviting them to commit their exist-
•to your support ; c her, I wok. must have hewn
'ir feelings when they saw this mighty arme-
e oat directed to any point where it could assist
the common cause, but directed to some plaice
to the coast, where His Majesty's Miinsters
tght they would have ass oppurt unity, behind
enemy's backs, of plundering a few ships. and
leoying * tear docks ? I can conceive nothing
disgracetal ; hut this is not all.—Weigh the
4. of 1h? expedition—consider how the force was
whet sacrifices you have recruited
or min,- • that '.nu have only done it by local
indir;rlual pressure, beyond any 'br-
it, Inc Ance--consiller what was the force—what
iir ,our means, and what was your object. You
at dart of thirty-eight 541 of the lute, more than
,hundred end smaller vessels and trans-
1s heyeati the power of eolculation. *re
ignorant of the expense of collecting such
Kodlgious force as this ? If your attempt
been practicable ; if your of at bad been pro-
Ave is the utmost of your expecionunie ; if
ar expedition had been crowned with all the pos-
bke success you wished. you have ptirehased the
ii,so of the enemy at a price far exceeding their
This reminds me of so answer which a Dey
Algisrs, a prudent tidewater. gave to o
itlsh Admiral, who, far some offence, threatened
hinnharil and burn the city Give use.' rays
Pey, but half the money that the bombs will
j aud, by aishomet. I will burn the town my-
So might Bonaparte say, Give me but half
postey the fitting out your expedition hits cost.
I ;you may burn ships. and docks and arsenals,
the bargains and welvoine.• I say this rapedi-
,*though consisting of no less than forty thou-
Cram with little less than forty rail of the line,
en hundred frigates, and ship. iemninerable,
fet entirelyjnadettuate to its object; that no-
but the roiliest ignorance of His Majesty's
sitters could have made them conceive thatihe
re wee sufficient. I must lament that an Officer.
lee the first time, was placed in cominand,with

- .
eta of the country upon hire, should have been
alas sitmition in which bUCCPM WMP imyractica-
Cuu not ! to .vy any thing to his disad•
te. because placed in a situation in which
winery talent% cenl.llLive accomplished the eli.
tianu4ht to he obtAiised. 1 think he has been
ilijared. 1 think every olfitfer his been wait
wiivse characters have been consumed in

wtpractiealtle attempt or carrying into effect
ide indigcsted plans of His Maj.•sly's :Untie-
. I hare %Wed to von, that this force was in-
ittent, for it was a }An wlneh supposed tha
e of h %%lug two sieges to conint • at the seine
.1 That nevessonly sitmiost d x division nt
1. The nestihnig to he con•iderrd is, that
Msjesty's IThoiqe-s were so deficient in point
iny thing Kr correct informniiisn, thid, nt
tier - COIO •

,try tirdpoilit of attack. they rowed 1.1,000
‘,l where they rspected to find 1207M1 O,IIY /
I, in a Hither poiat of attack, where they ca-
lid to find the place perfectly op.'s, there was
Tele, fortification. I need not enter jute the
WI, it is sufficient to ray that the errors in the
In t aPri theexeristi.a ail; plan, were known to
the world, and His Majesty's Ministers must
rerrioilile fur them. My Lords, them expe-
nses, both to Spain and VI, alcherets, have been
leaded with a dreadful waste of blood, and weak-
iog of the army by sickness, more destructive
svfveo that waste of blood. Those gallant ar-
, collected at • vast expense—and you want the
plate means to recenit—those armies hare been
led by sickness, under circumstance. naturally
hit foreseen. I 11111 aware that there are CiMIIII.
CIPS io all wars, in which it is inevitably tiered-
to expose your soldiers, not merely to the
atd of battle, but to the snore plant and more
tractive effects of disease and pestilence. Haw
that happened in Portugal ? What fatality him
d our armies in the plains of Badajo., 1 know
Bat as to Walcheren, the place, the situit-
nui, the season of the year, was chosen by His
'rely'* Ministers. Your troops were not Con-
ned there to defend the territory aim ally ; yen
inelreschose Walcheren fur the scene of action,
I yoe selected the most unhealthy season of the
IN lied Austria hi.en consulted, would it not
re said, if Walcheren must be chosen. act
wit when France is acting against me, and
li year a alistance may be of advantage to
traimon cum. There is a season of the year
p the ate of that place is most oebt,lential and dim-
wit, yet to that place, say His Majesty's Minis-
I, 1 e will send the Bower of the British army. We
II int send it at a time wheu its operatious may be
,sin..vous, but as will send it when, from every
tontion, it will be destroyed, more by disease
aby thr sword. I trust this will not be *t-
oted to be eitruiserl ; for the eirewastonce of
P tiohealthiress of this particular spot as noticed
the work of Sir John Priagle. who, 'peeking of
r ilisreses of the alloy. is pointing oat the causes
id -fr•eu of the epidemical disorders of this place.
is :if pirstry's Ministers might hare known that
.iii'.inous were the epidemical disorders of this
~.try. that taratatiy, when the Swiss were in the
41 of iaroishing troops for the Dutch Govern-
wt. Caere was a particular stipulation that they
Olt 111 employed in any part of the United Pro-
IN Ilikh the exception of Walcheren. This,
'Owe. is not the case of an unforeseen calamity.
ittlie ease of a celamity which might have been
_ -which ought to have IlsecM foreseen-sand
ignorance of which is highly criminal. This is
'sll--this Itst.erlition, thus defective—thus in-
,eftt in men, was directed to an object. t 6
'll which it could be of oo avail. The
1:111'1;"ii bad not sailed • mouth before it
uo,'(arereri by every person in the army and ?-a.5.:11 by rye ry man. woman, arid child, except
214Jost's 7ifiewters, that its object was im-
':l6lr. Ti,,. col:mender of the expedition de-
rdes"!o 4ii: an Jch tan late. du the i7ih of
't '..., 1,.-1,.. Irk) by the person selected to
sorzt ths expechtiots, the man who had ad-
, I'd ,ilio cominsnrkslthe expedition told you
', h.at the object could not be accomplished.

the
1,4
erne

Then Aim becomes of all these pretences of
blormig top basins and docks? Could not that
have been dune et first, when it was known that
the Expedition could be of no avail.? From the
second week of August to NOvember. the Bri-
tish troops were kept there, after ell hopes were
lost even by the Cu iiiiii ander himself. For two or
three month* after success was despaired of, and
the Expedition was io a manner given up, the Bri-
tish troops were kept there a preyto disease cod
pewit...nee. I ask you, to whore is it you are to
attribute the disease cod death of every individual
who was kept there after oneeess wits found to be
impracticable ? What excuse can he made to their
relations cud families? Every man who dues nut
feel this subject as he ought, boa a helot un-
worthy of beet:rig in the Isreaat of un Elfish.
man. What. is to be weld of so many British lives
sacrificed in vain ?—.For ito many thousand lives
wantonly deist royed ? Ministers are responsible for
every hour's delay after the object of the Expedi-
thee was given up. Not one nom 'Mould have ;wen
suffered to have remained in the harbour. There
was not a merchant ship which ought not to have
been employed to centre/ the Britasb troops away,
the instant et was rutted-their stay conk! not be
productive of ailvitritagr. What the 'feelings of
Hi. Majesty's Min:stets ate I know not. What
thew conduct has been I have Stated, sad will
you refer such cosioluct as theirs to inquiry
LM you mean to tell your country, that .the only
atonement to be made for the blood of these
is to be simile by laying a parcel of
garbled mutilated papers upon your table ?
I beseech you, in this awful crisis or your fate,
separate not yourselvea from the Lmiseensinet ot
Ministers ; you have heard it detailed ; it might
be a pleasing deltemon. if their misconduct. if their
crimes. and the catiruities consequent moos them,
could be attributable only to theinselve.. But it
is not so. You are ansieeretile fur them, if you
suffer them. They have said, that Sir Join Moore
had a discretion of his oisu : the facts she» he WY%
controuled by a superior, but lees efficient. power.
The seine evils which attended the system of the
Ant Expedition, caused the failure or the second.
Ministers would implicate Parliament in the char4e
which only eiight to affect them. Be unt offended,
my Lords, at what I state. but put it home to your
hearts, and ask yourselvea, whether, after the Ex-
pedition of Sir Jishit Moore, and after the Expe-
dition of Lim! Wellington, you can determine to
encourage these Ministers in the prosecution of
measures so ruinous to the country ? In the present
awful situation of the country. let me entreat you
to reflect that you have an important duty to dis-
charge. If you enecitte it with apathy anal indiffer-
ence—if you inert only fur the purpose of hearing
the detail of the errors of Ministers—consider that
some portion of that blame which ought only to be
iiimisted to them, will attach to 'NHL—My Lerd.,
the situaiiim of the country beteg what I have
stated, it ham lip quarter by which to direct its
thoughts, owl encourage its expecastions, but the
energies, the power, and virtue of Parliament.--
This is lint a time to rs,t contented by cover-
hog with blind votes of confidence those errors
of Nliiiiaters which are so notorious. and pro-
ductive wf sm.+ irreparable evils. You eanitst
be blind to the event• whirl' are passing in Europe
--every m in is struck with horror at the recital of
them they cannot be aggravated by description,
or enhanced by eloquence. In this dreadful hour,
if not be l'erliametit, • how can the country he
eivve.l? How can it here for deliverance ?—Can it
luck to the Government ? The Government is
broken. 441-acted. iticompetent, without energy,
and incap dole of maintaining its authority. The
salvation of the country is only to lie hoped for
from your energy and patriotism. It is you who
must step between your country and destruction.
It is on these grounds I move an Aniendmenr,
expressed iu terms, that, I think, will be, in
some degree, 'satisfactory to the public. The
first paragraph of this Address contains the expres-
sions of regret, on the part of the House, upon the
melancholy fate of Austria. In those expressions,
I perfectly agree: Alter mentioning the failure of
Austria, and before we enter on any subject what-
ever, it appears to rue to lie our indispensable duty
to speak to His Majesty in such terms as are plain,
clear. intelligible, and canmit be' misunderstood.
I therefore move, that instead of the words which
follow. these should he substituted :
" That we have seen, with the ntninve sorrow and indiges-
tion, the ecru inutited fallen* and disasters of the last cam.
ploy', the I travailing waste of oar tuitional resource", sad
the loss of sn many thmasaands of onr heart troops, whose di*.
tingunheil and lit one vetoer has been nnprotitably sacrificed
in caterprizes productive not of advantage, but of lasting its-
jury to the country. Euterpriats marked only I, a repe-
ntins of former errors ; tardy and macciaillsioed; incapable
iw their sureess of aidiag oar Ally, in the critical mouseat of
his fate, het exposing, in their failure, Hi. Majesty's Coun-
cils to the genre and derisioe of the enemy.
° That we therefore feel ourselves bound, with a view
to the only atonement that can now be made to an injured
people, to institute, without delay, such rigorous and effec-
tual ingots-lee sad proceeding's duty impels us to adopt in
• case where our ametry boa been subjected to unexampled
calamity and disgrace."
The rail of H•lnoM•lrrontended, that the Hume costal
not agree to the Amsadiumit, unless their miuds were muds
up on the subject, as it sousuand to an absolute and deci-
sore vote, whereas, there were sot at present grotto& kid
rifin-e them even Alf an inenity.-sTlfe Speech, however, hod
promised to famish the necessary documents. and when that
was done it wneold be time eimosieh to institate a process upon
them. With respect to thecharge the we had not effectually
assisted thu exert. of Austria, nisi power, he asserted,
had gune to war without au) rocoutaerneent from rig; hut,
even R.s, no spat could be se well hum.° to aid her 'Wort., as
glut to *hob thi esprdition was seat. We had not as great
a (race as *het recJinmesided by the Noble Baron ; awl even
if we lied, it would have required eatranriliturry means and
express to convey ut hammy, and timiutius it is that quarter.
Had,laswever, all this been practicable, it would Ire roost int-
peisdest to have sent so large • roc, to so great a distance Pens
home, immoral,* as we must be of the attempts that the enemy
might make spas this country in its observe, and of the ma-
terial change that might take place is the affairs of the Cos-
tincut, between the time of its soden/how Englaud, and its
wisest at Trieste. Ministers were, tbeerfore, ol.ligrd to ap-
ply their force to • point, w here the troops might be consider.
..only the advanced gave of the country, and au danger
Wit, to he dreaded beyond the men evil of failure steel( That
spot wan Zaalauti-wa spot, from herb Mompartc meditated
an ins mitre irides euttntra—a spot, which might be const 'cr.
e 4 of his owe creation, with respect to the teem" by wins h be
retirees to rival us as a carat po.er. 111 the first place, thew,
we bad not as large s disposable force as 10..,f.011 Sirenrolly,
if we had, we dot nut pinions the incase to U.lllllllll it, at as
great "deviance A cd, thirdly, it cold have beau .topriedest
to have pent at tee •dotance, lb .1 must unatoislaL4 tttt ;are its
Wag absence from the country. The durscultics esieouutved
ha Sir A Wellesley would Nive been tenfold, lead the Inidlie
bee. in. Gullicia,ur at *frieste; and, fur cll thaw roaaims, Por-
tugal was the prover object. It had, besides, beta cetiastsd

toper rare, and was at the time in imminent danger of fall-
ing again into, the hands of the plenty. It posoiwsied also
port of great importance, and was the channel of comma-
nieatiou with Splint. The holds Lord then proceeded to
compare the state of Portugal before Sir Arthur Wellesley
sailed with its present situstion, in which Portugal is clear
of the enemy, and may he considered safe, at least for a
time ; whereas, had nut the troops been sent there, the
country would have been overrun by the French under
Victor. With respect to the expedition to the Scheldt, it
was objected that it was too late to moist Austria. It was
true the armistice was signed; bat, suppose the armistice
had ended in a reuewal of tile war, what would have been
the rose then ? And, even ma it was, it could not be con-
Worded that it did nut iutluence the terms of the peace.—
Nu persun, indeed, could doubt this, who compared the
terms of the peace, however utif irourable to Austria, with
the tone previously assumed by Bonaparte. His Lordship
eamelsided with saying, that there were no grounds laid at
present for iugairy, and that it would be at all events us-
precedeuted to tote censure before
The Earl of Muitt• said, if he thought any power of
speech ur language necessary to excite the indiguatio• of the
contry, at the sceneeo which this o ',gooey lately exhibited to
the world, he would out have midi weed Ilse 'Souse. The
Noble Earl had asked, whether without proofs thry shooutel
go 'whitey, mach less wououncejudgnient ? But Weal.'
be therefore contend, that without pivots the House would
go into approval ? For his pail be emoted no proofs, bat
those already before the Hur.e. The proofs demo:chug not
only inquiry bet comileinameun stand before them. (11.ar!
hear ! ) They were plain and niauifest. The whole coterie-
lion of his mind, and the conviction of every one who VA*
sidered the assioject, called Mr juolentitiii. It wan impoesitile to
argue against the doiefoil Meech, already experienced, and
'hoer which still threatened us. Upon the face nf the cafe
he would therefore go the full length of the Amendrueet, al-
though it only goes to Inquiry at present. The Noble Enrl
unl out fairly stated the Cale of Austria, as put by his Nubia
Friend. Hs wonld admit, with the Speech, that we had not en-
couraged Austria to go to war, but whet was the i,al fact
Austria havisig, of her own accord, drawn the sword against
France, Ministers neglected their dirty if they dud nut imme-
diately exert every meanu to assist her exertion. We weir
interested ice her succws, and it was their duty to eacourage
out wily her, but every teller Poser that was disposed to
light out battles. Nu specific promise of aid having been
given, wune was broken; but if that mil, which our MM.
reds required, was nut granted, Ministers bad equally rte-
elected their duty. Hu NoMe Friead (Lord Goeuville) bad
nut said that the beCCUArd should &amount to so large •
Gore as 100,000 mica. lie only contomiled that Mtaisters
Laving determined to scud out a terms.o force, it ought to
have been directed to a differeost point from that to which
It was seat. It would have threatened most formidable ems-
seqwences to France, bad the force seat out been lauded us
the south of Geremuy. Again, had it been seat to the north,
what *Meld nut have tutu exported from it, acting in the
rear of the French :Tony, and combiaing the scattered troops
on that part of the Continent? With respect to Spain, he
differed entirely from the Noble Earl. The clew of Spain af-
forded the meat glorions opportunity ever afforded of termi-
nating the war with glory. and overiouniug the power of Bo-
naparte. That an enthusiasm existed in that country, could
nut be quest-honied, fur nothing hut enthusiasm could have
kept arnica still together, after so many defeats and disasters.
That rathmouseni made Spain a lever, by which the powered
France might have bees rcnwred from its fon uolat au emetic
that wight be wonted with the greatest effect agaiuust hcr.
It was, therefore, the interest of this country to huve Mean-
tied herself us iii Austria, sad share' every danger. But al-
though we were mat pledged to Austria, it will not be con-
tended that we were sot pledged to Spam. The pledge es
Spain wets not only given by Pal bantam, hot it leas COlifillleed
by the enthusiastic voice of the country. And how was it
fulAlkel > M Misters sent an arm) to Portugal, with ionitruc-
lines, if we may judge from thole which transpired upon the
Inquiry into the tWerention of Cintra, to deliver that coun-
try, and cousoler Spam as merely a secondary object. Sir
Arthur Wellesley's army, however, did advance into Spain,
and gained a victiwy ; bet although the stronger, and vi_ta-
rions allay, it immedistely retreated The instruction, of
that gallant General were esiliev)defective, at he hail mu the
menus to carry forward his vi ioricrus army. And what in
etel some, two great Spaaali aratics, left to themselves, have
Men shire rut to pieeew, slide a British army nannies.' io-
artive in their vicinity. After each scenes of celensity, their
Lordship* woold disgrace tbeisseelves, if they did trot take
moths err as that is the Amendment. The country at lams
was look iog to Bre result ore that night, and the House ought
not to dirsappoint 'es just expeetatiosm. Attei the experience
of last yea., they had nothing to expect in the preleat tae,
boil increased disasters, if in the smile hands. To reject the
Aniewhomit would Ge only to sneer their Lordships parties to
the shies and evasion by which almosteis toenail' le get rid
of it.

Viscount Stolllnnen enocarred in the substance of the
Amendment, and :An is the nii...si!ty of inquiry. Ile was
;male, howe►er, of the great inconvenience attending In-
quiry, by drawing away, at such a moment, no many °diem
from the service ; but if inquiry were to ►e instituted, he
would have It unt into a part, but into the whole of lb*
campaign. hut, notwithstanding these were his sentimenta,
be could not support the Amendment in its whole extent;
fur, while it demands inquiry, it, at the same time, pronounces
judgment and condemnation. Ile would rather prefer an
Address to His Nlsjesty to remove Ministers. by the
Amendment, condemnation would precede inquiry, and this
was his great objection. He was not afraid of that mode-
ration which was roundest in justice, soil it did appear to
him unju4 to talk of inquiry, and at the same time to pro-
nmosee jiidgmeor.—Of course ►e must object to that part of
the Ansenditient.

Lord Mu Imo AVIt took a view of the two Expeditions to
Portugal and Waleheren, the conduct of which he supported
by the same muse of &epitome as that followed by the
Earl of Herrman.
Earl GUY, lo one of the most eloquent and argosiea
tate* speeches we ever heard, addressed the Horse at coltish
&cable length. Never, in the whole course of his parlim
snentary life, did be feel a' much concerted for the critical
mad disastrous situation of the country. The hoinoi, a sad
titles which Ills Majesty'aGoverouneut had conferred on lord
Viscount Wellington' were such an ought to have been be-
stowed on Gesetrals like the illustrious Marllstrough. Tho‘e
alma had supported the conduct of Adiniuistiatiou, this day,
spoke in a Moe dtiferent from what they had foroierly maim
teemed. He congratulated them ate such a change, amid give
them credit for having resorted to a chastised and Intelided
tone. If, indeed, after all the disaster and diligence they bed
brought spoil the country, 8 II the rivers of blood, sad
the valueide treason they had uselessly lavished, they bed
still unt:shugly persisted is their former prim-toles, be
should have conceived that the hand of P.ovideace wee
&lout to take vengesuce on these kingdoms, and that
their hearts Lad become hardened in the sonic proper-
tiou as their undentatidinp were darkeried He remolded
the House of the opiniuu be had last t•testrion delivered, that
it would he our bast policy to hushana all our revolt rers for
our own security. If any eon-shoo had bee., proper on the
Ctnonteut, Monsters ought to have directed it in such • way
as to form a dre.traioa in favour of the AUtoll MIN. Thee di-
version should have been mode with regard to tune, to place,
and to action. It ought to bare been 111111111talleUll, with the
efforts of our ally, It ought to have been made in that ware
Inn which was mint likely to produce its avowed object, sad
to have been re...fueled with every tequalte ability fleetest'',
for its execution. The Noble Earl hen skewed how the
fume. of B.isoparls melt have been detracted san the
Denote by a powerful divevaion of one bundled th.tuseud 11111111,
in tiermanv. The detachments ot our army ionousted is
that nunil.er, and they had been emploled by Miaisten
*Minot past icing any Wotan afeets. Whatever might be
the boast ut Loot Wellitsztoo's victory at Talemen, it was
istiewicil with all the consequences and disasters of a defeat.
His Lordship, at yeas length, animadverted ou the rash
measure "(sending, while the fate of Su John Moat's army
uses before their rya, another body of troops into the heart
of Spain. flc mxt mownilered the eppeilitton to Wakherete,
ohs. it was our of the moot absent ever undertaken by any
government. Ue shewed, howls hook of Sir Joke Print'',
that the island, at that pr. !IN pm hot, yess move tiol..,ohy
than at any other. Eked. s, the penkeseduliett of tat ing at-
werp was et at to an sinposattillitt : rue Ministers ought to Lave
!anent the great care and attention the Realer of Emote has
hest...wed tve the fortificatioas and works of that place; that
it its • luau. el amidst (JON:Ban; aod that there wen at the
tae apt- sets of you srciitcrs employed abase the *metal,

~, 6,,, I ask Nom, if Bonsparte, the great circulator Tlien What becomes of all these preleuces of toper rare, and was at the time in imminent danger of fall-
,p' roe Ilnl,wino hail employed sissy body to blootaig 'up basins anal docks ? Could not that lag again into the handy of the peon. It posirmed also is
' ,L,„. e 1 r I
oir.e„cy to the seitegiooti, a ask you, have been alone at first, when it was known that port of great importance, and was the clarion' of comma-
ors nicatiou with Spine. The Nubile Lord then proceeded to
the Expedition could be of no avert? From the
o ~ he could more effeetn.illy hate done it, compare the state of Portugal before Sir Arthur Weltesky
thit miserable expedit to obe Scheldt ? second week of August to November, the Bri- sailed with its present situstion, it which Portugal is clear
ea et 14
to, 1..,t
,mist have been the feelings of the nations of. ugh troops were kept there, after all hopes were of the enemy, and may he considered safe, at least for a
ally e'aiittoettl, 'after hearing of your projected de- lost even by the Cu iiiiii ander himself. For two air time ; whereas, had nut the troops been sent there, the
country would have been overrun by the French under
el. t.,,e, a Europe., and read your higiosonuiling three month* after success was despaired of, and Victor. Withrespect to the x edit' to lux Scheldt, it
iv. ,cleamtion, intiting" them to commit their exist- the Expedition was io a manner given up, the Br:- was objected that it oas too rateP to moist Austria.le It was'
a hat, trek, must have been fish troops were kept there a pleg to disease and
to your support ;true the armistice was signed ; bat, suppose the armistice
,?.. it reelioge, when they saw this mighty arms- pestikure. I ask you, to whom is it you are to had end..l in • rewind of the war, whet would have seen
'lle tit tint 'tweeted to any point where it could assist attnhute the disease and death of every individual the farm then ? And, even
. ma it was, it could not be con.
termed that it did nut influence the terms of the peace.—
,ii the common cause, but directed to some place who was kept there after success was found to be No persun indeed, could doubt thi- who compared the
e the coast, where His Majesty's Oliutsteni impracticable ? What excuse can lie made to their terms of the'
peace, however oust vuurablei. to Austria, with
ate
eta
,u,ht they would have sit opportunity, behind relations suet families? Every man who dues nut the tone previothily assumed by Bonaparte. His Lordship
enemy's backs. of plundering a few ships, and feel this subject as he ought, lies a brut un- ittecludeil with saying, that there were no grounds laid at
ally.present ia, aneld
11141 Ce that it be at all events us.
pao . raying e few docks ? I can conceive nothing worthy of besting in the Isreaat of an Essghsh.
represent fmp urine eedeutcd to ole C before iwouldiiquea.
tart tee disgraceful ; but this is not all.—Weigh the mail. N'hal, is to be said .f so many British lives Tbe Earl of Minas sai.', if he thought any power of
tie t. of ih? expedition—consider how the force we, allittrifieed in den" ?—..For an many thousand lives . speech or language necessary to excite the indiguatioeof the
ler. wiaail—with whet sacrifices you have recruited wantonly dere royed ? Ministere are responsible for reentry, at the scene. whirls this • 'matey lately exhibited to
;ioe; ,r urine; that sou have only alone it by local every hour's delay after the object of the Expedi- the world, he would uut have aailimsed Ilse liouse. The
Ivy ...i,i, Said milinrlual preesure, beyond soy for. lion ass given up. Not
one
num ow," laser iwrii Noble Earl
ihad aske6d, whether without proof. they should
"a if 1 111:41lee--eutwiller what was the forte—what suffered Las have remained in the harbour. There ire therefsworelu Timm, Hear withtumuit et/it theut ?Iloilo:2es would
40 te i our means, and what was your object. You was not a merchant ship which ought not to have go Mtn approval ? For hie past tieP tatted no proofs, but
arse . * deist of thirty-eight 541 of the hue, more than been employed to convey the British troops away, those already before the Hur.e. The proofs dem.iedeng sot
,le hundred Gigot..., mid smaller seamy', ma trims. the imitant it was pouretheir stay. ewide tine be only inquiry bet coudeinameun stand before them. (Ifmr!
hi,id
•a.manifest. The whole emetic-
s beveled the power of malculetion. ,Are tiroductive of eilypintage. What the 'feelings of thieaonrl4 tat.,,17,7 P esm"d
, and the cutivictiint of every one who am.
use ignorant of the expense of collecting such His Majesty's Mei:stets ate I know not. Vhat sidered the subject, called hit juilemein. It was impoesilde to
Ila prodigious force as this? If your attempt their conduct has been I have Mated, mid will ague amanita the illi end ellecte already experienced, and
irit a heed 'practicable ;if your effert had been pro- you refer finch mobilise* as theirs to inquiry ?-- those which still threatened us. Clem the fare ...the cant
he would. therefore go the full length of the A mendrueut, al-
Ile .iire to the utmost of your eximessioessie ;if 06 you Mean to tell your country, that .the (tidy though it only goes to iaquiry at present. The Noble Earl
with all the pos- atonement to be made far the blond of these lied out fairly stated the Cale of Austria, as put by his Solite
vet or expedition had heel. crowned
tee ,hr success ;tau wished, you have porehased the victims. 6to be mole by klieg a turcel of Friend. He wonld 'chilli, witb the Speech, that We Isad not co-
p% ills of the enemy at a price far exceeding their garbled Intitillted pryers Upon your table ?--- costraged Austria tu go to war, but whet was the lied fact '
ll* lie. This reminds me 4au answer which a Dry I beseech per, in this awful errata of your fate, I Austria harem, of her own accord, drawn the sward seeinst
1, France, Minieter. neglected their ditty if they did nut i
tloiers. a prudent coleoletor. 11 1 lee gar, to a separate not yourselves from the .nteteendtho 0. dimeo exert every. • exertions inam-
•-•
KN. -ii,li Admiral, who, far atone offence, threateised Ministers ; you have heard it detailed ;it might isilererted in her sueeMee"ansuil it wssast‘wthieirdsitter es7e wise
age
tar beinbaril and burn the city :-..s•Give me; ray's bee pleosing delusion, if their idleetandelel, if their out only tier, hut every other Poser that weer dupe° samiur to
no, %)ry. • but half the money that the bombs will crimes. and the calrouities consequent epos them, light our banks. Nu specific promise of aid having bees,
sal ~ i sod, by Mahomet, I will burn the town toys corld be attributable only to theinselvera But it gnat, wane was broken; but if that 11111, whirl, our islet
Ent *
. So duty. mht Bunkmate say, a Give me but half is not so. You are ammereetle fur them, if yon nett required, was nut aerated Ministers bad nally tee-
Mlitlecied their Ilia Noble 'Friead (Lord tireequvillej bad
Mi. Money the fitting out your expedition has cost, suffer them. 'nary have said, that Sir Joon Moore mot said 'Let stir 1.1111:1,411 should amount to so large a
ten , ion may bunt ships. and dock% and arsenals, huh 14 aliscretinn of his emu : the facts shee, lie was fsre as 100,0410 mien. Ile oily conteueled that hitaisters
,ef • o the hargain. sad welrome.' I a*y this espedi. controuled by a superior, but few efficient. power. Leaving determined to semi out a Certain force, it ought to
..1-.. ,'though consisting of uo less than forty thou- The same evils whsch attended the system of the have been direetea to a differeut poiat from that to which
It was sent. It would have threattord most formidable r
cat 'Oen, with little less than forty wail of the line, - first Expedition. coused the failure of the second. se •Mare, had '"1-
orenees to ' the force scut out been lauded us
lie .en hundred frigates, and shilo denumerable. Ministers would implicate Parliament in the charge the south of fiermauy. Again, had it been sent to the north,
not let entirelyjnadequate to its object; tent no- which only poght to affect them. Be mot offended, shat sulebt nut !..ire beets exported from it, acting in the
the ir;4 but the grottiest ignorance of His Nlajesty's my Lords. at what I state. but put et home to your rear of the French army, and combiaing the scattered troops
tdy,• ,ta hers could have made them conceive Undone hearts. and ask yourselves, whether, after the Ex. on that part of the Continent? With respect to Spain, he
differed entirely front the Noble Feel. The case of Spain al
Ps% e was sufficient. I mint lament that an Officer. pedition of Sir Ishii eluore, and after the Heim- fordee tu ,g meet .a. "
gluttons oppixtunity ever afforded of termi-
the far the first titre., was placed in commandosith elution of Lord Wellington, you can determine to noting the 1141. With glory. sad overturniug the politer of Bo-
die efes of the country upon him, *bout,' have been encourage these Ministers en the prosecution of naparte. That an enthusiasm existed in that cuuutry, could
the ia a situation in which success wits imprectica- measures so ruinous to the country ? In the present Not be qttestiltried, fur nothing but enthusiasm could have
kept unmet still together, after so many defeats and disasters.
ty's !lam riot clieposed to sey any thing to his &sad. awful situation of the country. let me entreat you That enthusiasm snide Spain a lever, by which the power of
am . iv., because haeWas placed in a situation in which to reflect that you have an important duty tis do- France might have bees r c move il from its' fon ud at too .aii emetic
not oditary talent% coml.l have accomplielied the ash. charge. It you eneente it with apathy sled indiffers that might be wielded with the greatest effect eiatiot tor.
had - Bought to he obtaiireil. I thick he has been ence—if you mart only fur the purpose of hearing It was, therefore, the interest of this country to beve identi-
Sd thiare.l. I think every officer has been tarot the detail of the errors of Nlmisters—consider that I tied herself w all Austria, and sharol arty danger. But al.
„ though we acre mil pledged to Austria, it will not be com-
ae' : ed, arieue characters have beets coenteitted in some wilt., of that !chant which might only to De tended that we were troe edoes, to Spam. The pledge to
!at. eSpracbeatile attempt of carrying into effect iitsputed to them, will attach to yiiii.—My Leak Sp.irt was not only given by Pal bisects', hot it was coOfinised
let Dade iadigcsted plaits of His Majesty's Minis- the situeriam of the country beiiig what I have iby the enthusiastic voice of the eouutry. And how was it
this !have stated to you, that this force was in. stated, it has siu
quarter by which to direct its fulilkel ? Mit:litters sent 'nation to Portugal, sigh iinitruc-
.
lel- - .1434, for it was a plan which supposed the thoughts, 41111 eneoursoe its viper-cations. but the terns, if we may indite from thole which neeaspire,l opuu the
I sr' ire into the t'oterention of Cintris, to deliver that eon.-
,'int '• a h ietug two sieges to cota.ime at the issue energies, the power, and virtue of Parlisinent.— tocuarel e Mee :spun as merely a coadary object. X
:e - I Tii
a t seer on
r i 1
f *opium dll - Arthur Wellesley's army, however, did advance into Spain,
list • The next thilig to he enividcred is, that ing with blind votes of confidence those errors and gained • wicttwy • hit_ _t although the stronger, and vi_ta.
the ' hisjesty's Mmiste-s were so deficient in point of Ministers which are eo notorious. and pro-
rims army, it immdistely retreated The inetructione ot
e
cxl iny thing , her correct informaairm, that, at doetive of smelt irreparable evils. You motive that ("la" faeu.Thi "" e"indefteti", l'e he had u°""
Menus to
ocarry forward Cu violations mane And what -
ere 4ers tir.t polio of attack. they rowel 1-i,rto be Wind to the event. whir!' ore passiog in Europe sill s , twure eat Spaaish erotica, left to the. '.
snarlers, haw
ha A *here they •spected to find ?LODI, only ; --every min is struck with hor,er at the recital of I Men shire rut to pieces, while a British array reinitiated to.
riy I, hi a wither point of ettack, where they en- them—.thry ea iiiiiii be aggravated by deaar,ption, 'pave in their vicinity. After each seems of celentity, then
Lordship* would diserace teemeelves, if they did out take
am 'II to find the place perfectly open, there was or enhanced by eloquence. In this dreadful hour,
tiemoths step as that in the Amendment. The country ut boa
y
coder fortification. I need not enter into the if not by I).gal:tent-tit, • how Call the counts he
sod le look toe is. tire revolt uts that night, and the H i use ought
lt il is eulfieolif to env, that the errors in ii,e oriveal ? How can it hone for deliverance ?—Can it
.t to disappoint es just expeetatiews. Attes the experieom
me oh and the egrenthm of the plan, were known to look to the Government ? Tlie Government is of last yea. they hid authieg to expect in the pretest one,
ea. the 'surlily mad His Majesty's Ministers must broken, distracted, isicompetent, without euergy, bat iitereall4l disaster, if its the sante hands. To reject On
oft Alitemlioeut would Ge only to ewer their Lordships parties to
retomeililr fur them. kly Lords, these expo- and incap dole of main:aining ita authority. The
r
othreitolues arid edisiuns by which almisteis tenets' lit get nil
ref icier, both to Spam and W.,l,•beren, have been salvatiou of the country is only to he hoped for
reh
.eadert with a dreadful waste of blood, and weeks from Your energy and patriotirm. It is yam who viscount SIOIIIOUTII cOocarceii to the substaece of the
/el- ng of the anny by sickness. more destructive, must step between 3 our country and destruction. Amendment, and :dos M the n.....sialy of inquiry. Ile em
• is aware, however, of the great niconvenieuce atteadine 10.
'Si,',vivo that waste of blood. Those gallant Sr. It is on these grounds I move an Amendment,
luny, by drawing away, at such a moment, so
imeey Oaken
'sty, • collected at • vault expense—sand you want the expressed iu terms. that, i think, will be, in
era ointhe service ; but if inquiry wise to be assiituted, im
-Mate Means to recrnit—theoi armies hare been some degree, satisfactory to the public. The would . Laren ant tato a part, hut into the whole of the
ider 'rd by sickness, under circumstances uaturally first paragraph of this Address coutaias the express campaign. But, sotwithstandiug these were his sentiments,
ale bit foreseen. I sin aware that there are cireutn. sinus of regret, on the part of the House, upon the be could not support the Amendment in its whole retest i
nit is in all wars, in which it is inevitably sieves- melancholy fate of Austria. In those expressions, fur, while it demands inquiry, it, at themes, tone, pronounce'
the judgment suet condemnation. lie would rather prefer as
to expose yolir soldier% not merely to the I perfectly agree: Alter mentioning the failure of
in- Address to His Nlljesty to reitiore Ministers. By the
of tootle, but to the tnore potufsil and more Austria, and before we enter on any subject what- Amendment, conilethimitun ousel precede inquiry, and this
had • toctive effects of disease •nd pestilence. Haw ever, it appear, to me to lust our indispensable duty was his great (Mycelium He was not afraid of that, mode.
tent that happened in Portugal ? What fatality has to speak to !lie Majesty in such terms as are plain, ration which ems founded in justice, and it did appear to
eel- il our armies in the plums of Badajos, 1 know clear. intelligible, and canmo be' misunderstood. bim unjust to talk of inquiry, and at the same time to pro-
emd enema pull/mese—Of course he must object to that part of
.. But as to Walcheren. the place, the situa- I therefore move. that ineteed of the words whichter- the Ansendifient.
. nay, the seams of the year. was chosen by Ilia lone. these should he substituted : Lord Alumni. eV, took • view of the two Expeditions to
had leoty's Ministers. Your troops Were not eon. e That we have seen, with the ntmeet sorrow and indices- Portugal enil Walcheren, the conduct if which he supported
led• earl there to defied the territory of an any ; you lion, the accumulated radium sad disasters of the last cam. by the same course of arsenate' as that followed by the
led . /selves chow weteheren fur the
recur
ern..„... ploy', the , rereading went of our notional resources, sad Earl of Itarrowhy.
illy I • t
)oo selected tile most unhealthy season of the the less arm ninny thousands of one brave troops, whose die- Earl Cathy In one of the most eloquent and argiiMen.
tinguieked and le mie vetoer has been nuprotitably sacrificed lathe speeches we ever heard, addressed the lloine at come
iputo: , • r,e slaildsil Austria been consulted, would it not in caterpriees. productive not of arlvantage, but of Moment- &rabic length. Never, in the whole coarse of his paths-
. ir Walcheren must be chosen, act jury to the country. Eutcrprints marked mil, by a rept- sasntary life, did be fee' la' much conceroed for the critical
l's . tit *lieu France is acting against met and Imola of former errors ; tardy and nocciaisieued; inceplis awl disastrous situation of the country. The bonou, a aid
sell in their success of aiding our Ally, in the critical moment of titles which His Majesty'sGoverittiwitt had conferred on laird
1 year isoistance may be of advents e lieads hat exposing, in their Allure, Hia Majesty's Cues- Viscount Wellington, were soch a* ought to have been lie-
Ma "nnneui totin'e. There is a season of the year chaitsfatute;he scorn and deratioa of the enemy.
en the air of that place is most pesttlential and dan- " That we therefore feel oorselves bound, with • view olio had supported the conduct of AdiniuiciatMu, this day,
ital. 011,, .yit to that place, say His Majesty's Minis- to the only atonement that can ,row be made to an iiijured spoke in • Moe different from what they bad formerly main.
that people, to institute, without delay, such rigorous and after- 'aimed. He congratulated them ens such a change, and ga
_lre ','" e will scud the flower of the British army. We
'eat 1 iaot . •
send it at • time when its operatious may be tual Metairie, sad meet-dings as duty impels us to adopt in them credit for having resorted to • chastised aria humbled
tto- iolitageoua, loot wee will send .5 case where odurimpsceame:ii,ry has been subjected to unexampled tone. If, indeed, after all the disaster and disgrace they Iliad
it where from every
leis brought upon the country, a' II the rivers of titmice eked
.nturflulls it will he destroyed, snore by /limas/ Thera,' of HAststomsty ennteeded, that the Hume costal the valueide Imagine they had viewlessly lavished, they had
the
4by tile snf'A. I trust this will that be at., not agree to the Anseadmeet, unless their minds were made still olltaliagly persitteil is their former prim-spies, he
r 14. '
1471 to be exeueed ; for the circumstance of up un the subject, as it aniousted to an absolute and elect- should have couceived that the hand of Ptoyeleace was
I
rt.ti Ittnictithitten _,, this
rt.. . . sire vote, where., there were sot at present en..... wd about to take vengeauce on these kingdoms, and that
rto the work of -. .., pa littler spot Is noticed i.„ 6. 0,,,,,e,„„ in as inagany.-...The Speech, however, het their hearts Lad become hardened in the same proper-
:Sir John Privies. who. 'peeking of
ill ? it; promised to furnish the necess documents. and when that lion as their understainlinp were darkeeed He remolded
1"1" of the arm!. is pointioi oat the causes wa. done it remold be time enough to institute a process upon the House of the opiniou he had last avenue delivered, that
I, •.1 d "fr'eu of the cPideruieal di them. l%.'itlt respect to thechsree that we had not effectually it would be our beet policy to busbene all our reimerces for
,t.,.
:i e
fsieu. ss • . sorffles of this place.
:smatters might have known that assisted tue exert of Anions, that power, he amerted, our own warn!. If any operation had beim proper on the
,i,'•- oioinour were the epidemical a had Rune to war without auj VIICIIIII 1111111e11 1 frosts 114; but, Contiocut, Munster' ought to have ilirerfed it sir .mach • way
'rro d ni of this
o ••• ;'....itrey4;
ituh:iat. te_tionerly,- whets the cosiesir Were io the 'eau, so, at, spat t-t,old be is well e hem,. to aid her effort., as as to form a divarsioa in favour of the Ayalo How. That di-
thst to shish thi expedition was sent. We had not so great version should have been made with regard to time, to placer
re- . "nang troops for the Dutch Govern- a Eire ss *bet recJiumeaded by the Noble Baron ; awl even sod to artera• It ought to have been sonuitasseouo wills the
at tepee was a •
I-I;$ on , particular stipulation that they if we had, it would have required eetramdioary means and efforts of our idly, it ought to have been made in that Sitar
• si:l 124 eraPiltyed in any part of the United Pro. expfpuedureastto convey it toTneste, and marrilitra it is that quarter. tins wholl was most likely to produce its avowed object, mid
it would i.e moat ini. to have been re...ducted with every iequithe ability necessary
'" with the exception of Walcheren. This, Had,however, all this been practicable,
ant
4.
the' %ilea naort tahe cuse of an unforeseen calamity. to have sent so large a twee to so great a distance from for its execution. 'flue Noble Earl bete stewed how the
:el(' home, igooraut as +coeval be of the attempts that the enemy fore-es of Bonaparte might base ban distracted as the
;rat. whirl
which might hate been might melee .pot this country in its absence, and of the ma. Dannbc by a powerful diva-non of one bundled thauseudielle,
*hills ought to have `eon foreseen—anal 11-- I_,ltn, °ranee of which is highly criminal. This is term' change that might take place ie the attains of the Con- in Germany. The dam:hewn'. at our arnsy aineueted to
'incur, between the tone of its "MIMI/hobo Eueland, and its that numt.rr, acid they had been deployed by Misisters
fi,e
~enan'""-lt
in
nle Itepleilliott, thus defective—than in- wawa' at Trieste. Minister, were, theirfore, obliged to ape *Mtto prodocing any salutary affects. Whateeer might be
c',l
men t w ply their force to • point, where this troops alight be consider. 1 the Smut tit land Welliurtoa's victory al Tamers, it was
d
fir as irected to an object. ts ~, ~....1, the advanced Rased of the reentry, and 'i Jaeger 1 etteleied with all the consequences and disastas oft defeat.
*hieh it could be4o avail. The
es ' Petition bad of sirs au be dreaded beyond she mei, del of failure inlet( That His Leelehap, et gums length, animadverted oat the rash
ris„.reteei, nut intleel • month wave it spot wee. Toaleud--. *poi. from ehirh Hatmparte meditated j 'erasure ofeending, while the fate of Sir John Moore's army
au inseams, of this euentra—a spot, whirl. might be moot ter.was before tech eyes, another body of troops into the helot
~ . 'Pr every person in the army and Ti 41111., hy.eirr ry roan. nomad, and child, except ee,errfiof hvistoown creatioe, wills respect to the menus by elms, h he' of Spain. fle next considered the 'tweet's°w to Wslchcres,
a ,rival Ise as • cavil poem. 111 the first place, then, 1 who h was our of the most abused ewer undertaken by any
i 7,..istst! iri:',;eltli'telast that its object was im- we had mint is large • dlspoesOle fool. u lorr,f.‘ll. seeomity, . government. Ile abetted, boons book of Sir John Pringle.
, . of o i ontinander of the expedition dc- if we had, we did not pones' the iner.is too... Hiram it, at Me I that the island, at thiit proton pm iml, visa more noloaohy
".-Y, bot 131 Jch t late,great edit/me, Acd I hirdle, it wauld have time anproilest than et any other. Braid.., the ekemeaulinet a tali Amt.
• east aim w u°
°u the t 7'h of ,h. . dt ' 6 t• ' • 1•1 .i• - I wee lea. • I".
' "
1-14. lekl by the lierson selected rit at to an iinpuestbilitt: rat Ministers ought tai hare
0 •ell4lll 11is • 10 atiCe, 1 at MU! I.lolll.liaatl . iii 61. ei s I p
"ham, th., to loteg ablence from the reentry. The difficulties eimmiuteeed known the greet care and attention the Rater of France lies
i mei _.,coe,rtmdttiom the man who had ad- toga, A Welleeley would ham been tenfold, had the booms bestowed o•,l the &filarial:nu and works of that place; that
..
. '' I
• "Pied the expedition told you Wee li, Gnierae,er at Trieste; and, fur ell these emotes, Por- it is • 1 11. sr 11 11M,1111 111 11:11411, arid the% there were at the
. oat ti's tria
Jett could not be accomplished, togateas the proper vkict. It had, bateau, bcza (stimuli& time or as 4, or ;tote artifiters employed about th* *metal,
