DINNER AT GOLDSMITH'S HALL.

On Thursday the Goldsmith's Company gave a grand
entertainment at their spacious and elegant Hall, in honour
of the King's accession to the throne, upon which occasion
the Hall received several additional ornaments and decora-
tions, the principal of which was a marble bust of his
Majesty by Chantry, which was placed at the top of the
Hall, behind the President, in honour of his Majesty being
Master of the Company, and which had been put up spe-
cially for that memorable anniversary. The following new,
costly, and elegant ftags were hung up on the occasion
The Standard of England, the City of London Arms, the
Company of Goldsmith's Arms; the Arms of Sir Hugh
Middleton, the establisher of the New River; the Arms of
Sir Bartholomew Read, who was a member of the Com-
pany, and Lord Mayor of London three hundred years
since.

In addition to the usual lights in the hall, it was illu-
minated with gas over the sideboard of the gold service of
plate, with stars and other fanciful devices. The bottom
of the hall was also illuminated with gas.
The dinner given upon the occasion was most sump-
, tuous, consisted of every delicacy, and was served up
with the greatest order and regularity, in very excellent
style. _ . . __ _ _

'Mr. Newbury, one of the Wardens, Presided, in the ab-
sence of Mr. Henderson, the principal Warden, who gave
the first toast, after noticing the joyous occasion on which
they had assembled—to celebrate the King's Accession to
the Throne—

" Ilis Majesty King George the Fourth," with three times three,"
which was drunk with acclamations, and great applause.
Mr. R. Clarke, of his Majesty's Chapel Royal, who bad
the arranging and directing of the musical department en-
gaged on the occasion, headed an excellent assemblage of vo-
cal performers, who sang God save the King in very tine style
(the verse and solo parts by himself)—Mr.Goulden, Mr.
Broadhurst, Mr. C. Taylor, and Master Smith, with ah
additional and appropriate verse.
The Wirkhamists' Grace was sung instead of Non Nobis
Demise, the solo parts by Master Smith.
Several charming ancient and modern glees were sung in
the course of the evening, In a very fine style, particu-
larly When Winds breathe soft.
Mr. Goulden sung several of Dibtlin's songs, Mr. Broad-
' burst several Scotch songs, and Mr. C. Taylor several
comic songs, in all of which they eminently excel.
Mr. C. Tay:or was encored in The Seven Wonders.

EDINBURGH DINNER TO CELEBRATE
MR. FOX'S BIRTH-DAY.

On Monday a numerousa7luiTTly respectable meeting of the
friends and admirers of the Right lion. Charles James Fox &nem
bled in the Waterloo Tavern, Itlinbargh, to celebrate the anni-
versary of the birth of that eminent patriot and statesman.
The present meeting, though not honoured with the company of
so many distinguished strangers as upon some former occasions,
was notwithstanding remarkable for circumstances of peculiar
domestic attraction and interest, which was manifested by the at.
tendance of the usual number of the neighbouring aristocracy and
gentry, and more than the usual complement from the mercan-
tile classes. The number of the company was from three to four
hundred, among whom were the Noble Charms!' (Lord A. Ha.
milton), his Grace the Duke of Hamilton. the Earl of Rosalyn,
Lord Loughborough ; Jelin Ferguason, of Raith, Esq.; the Crou-
pier; General Sir Ronald Fergusson, Ban. M.P.; J. Kennedy,
Esq. M.P. ; John Maxwell, of Pollock. Esq. M.P.: J. P. Grant,
Eark. M.P.; James Stuart, E. of Dunearn; James Gibson
Craig, Esq. of Riccarton ; F. Jeffrey, and James Moncrief, Esqrs.
Advocates, &c. &c.

e regret that we are unable to give the report at length of a
meeting which exhibited all the eloquence, public spirit, enthu.
slam, and conviviality attendant on these assemblages in further-
ance of liberal principles and Constitutional freedom in Scotland ;
but we select a brief account of a few of the moat characteristic
speeches.. . _ .

After the cloth was removed, the usual toasts of " The King,"
" The Duke of York." and the rest of the Royal Family, were
given in succession, and drunk with the usual honours.
The CUAIRMAN addressed the meeting with a brief but elo-
quent eulogium on the great political and social merits of Mr.
Fox, which was followed by the usual ceremony of drinking to
his memory.
Then succeeded the health of the Duke of Sussex, and the prin.
ciples which placed his Family on the Throne. After which
lllr. Illowcanir arose and proposed the memory of Lord
Erskine, which was introduced with the following sketch of that
celebrated lawyer:—" Thomas Erskine was, beyond all question,
the most extraordinary man of our age, abounding in men of
extraordinary talent. Betwixt Fox. and Pitt, and Burke, she-i-
-den and Wyndham, he placed himself in the centre of that sphere
to which he had destined himself. It was not by his commanding
eloquence and the brilliancy of his imagination, that he raised him.
self from comparative obscurity, but it was the foundation that be
acted upon, to which he oiled Its SIAM eminence std isms. Pam
the first time that he addressed thi Court of King's Bench, from
the back rows, in defence of a mss 'Wee imputed crime was, that
he had exposed abuse and corruption, he, even at that time, in
the opinion of the oldest practitioners, placed himself at the sum.
mit of that reputation which never deserted him. It was not his
intention to go through the particular, of his laborious life.
But all would remember his unwearied endeavours for the liberty
of Juries, and the defence of the Dean of St. Asaph . It
was not for him to contend for a new law; but for a fair inter-
pretation of the law, as it was; and his exertions were ulti-
mately crowned with gunners by the bill which his friend, lily.
Fox, sucteenfully carried through Parliament. Lord Erskine,
also, was a distinguished friend of the Liberty of the Press—
the great, if not the very greatest engine, that can be employed
in defence of the rights of the subject; and for which reason
men who are fond of despotic principles abhor it the more—
(loud cheers). Ibis Lordship's hatred of constructive treason pre-
vailed in the trial of Lord George Gordon ; but a more arduous
task remained fur him in 1794 (Immense cheering). When we
look at him, almost alone, opposed to the whole weight of the
Crown—the weight of Parliament, which had prepared, and, in a
manner, preferred the charges against the prisoners--to the pre.
judices of many of the class of thinking people, wrought upon by
false alarms, and tricks which are kept alive In our recollections by
their own odiousness (cheers) to the prejudices of his own profes-
sion ; what must has.: been his feelings, when became out of Court
with the grand conviction, that he had once more baffled the
monster, Courtrai lire Treason ! For bit part, however, he could
not have believed that man could do so much. For the honour of
himself and his country, his Lordship had been withdrawn from
the station which he had occupied with so much advantage to
the country ; but his principles remained unshaken to the last, and
he lost no opportunity of coming forward to defend the principles
of liberty and justice. These were his great merits; but it would
' not be justice to him not to mention, that resolute, determined,
and even violent as he was, when occasion called for it, no one
gave less offence than his Lordship. B the sincerity of his opi.
ohms, the urbanity of his manners, and his manly simplicity, he
commanded the good opinion of all who knew him. This was a
part of his character which entitled him to their gratitude, inde-
pendently of his politics. Recollecting all this—that he was a
Constitutional ‘Vhig of the glorious Revolution—that he was not a
demagogue who would cut down one branch of the Legislature to
exalt another and recollecting the ease of the unfortunate man,
Hatfield, in which he so consistently upheld his own principles of
liberty, while he :lid homage to the monarchy—recollecting all this,
and the honour and purity of Lord Erskine'll character, it is to be
doubted if there is one (excepting Mr. Fox himself) to whom the
country has been more indebted. To such a man, It is fitting that
a monument be erected, though none can be erected which will
survive his fame. We had in this country a man descended from
the same noble stock, and gifted with the same nobility of mind.
He also is gone ! That is a subject not to be entered upon. But
Lord Erskine's deeds belong to the country and the world ; anti
the pa., es which record them will be the brightest in our annals.
The health of :.Ir. Jeffrey having been drunk, that Gentleman
rose and observed, that we are very naturally and properly occupied
with the champions of our freedom, and the interests of our own
country. But lie now had to entreat their attention and bring under
the notice of the Meeting, a country and a people, which, how-
ever identified with ourselves at one period, was now, he thanked
God,U a foreign country ar.d a foreign community. Ile alluded to
the nited heroes of America—an independent State which hat
never crouched to the wishes of despots, and never could he sub-
dued by the violence of invasion ; and it was certainly destined to
exhibit in the future history of the civilized world a prominent in-
stance of what a State can accomplish, when the people individually
and collectively co-operated to maintain the birth-right of freedom,
and preserve the interests of freemen (cheers). But it was not his
province to occupy the attention of the meeting with a detail of their
growing greatness and their growing influence. To that futu-
rity we all looked forward with pleasure; and all present, he doubt.
cd not, looked to the measures which they had employed, and the
happy effects of the operation of those measures,which of themselves
' afforded a most powerful and triumphant argument, of what well-
regulated liberty could produce—that form of liberty, and that form
of government, which the new world so strictly displayed. What
were the topics perpetually resorted to, and what were the objections
perpetually thrown upon those who advocated liberal principles?
That they were calculated to produce disorder and tumult. In the
face of the world, he would appeal to the history of the United
States, as affording a complete refutation of those most unjust and
most ungenerous calumnies. In what nation was there to little
tumult; in what country was liberty more flourishing, and
party spirit lets violent—and whose laws and constitution were
so happily productive of the best interests of the community?
Let us only reduce to practice those principles as the teat of
their intrinsic merit, and their public utility—principles which
the energy of freedom can alone bestow, and which invariably lead
to tranquillity, happiness, and peace. The southern pkrts of America
had been civilized long before the United States: their soil was
more fruitful, their climate more genial, and their opportunities
and source:: of wealth were more sure; and yet, with all these ad.
vantages, they were trodden down by the bigotry of Monks, they
were in a state of the most abject slavery, and, from their ruins, the
first escort of glorious liberty had arisen. Without any advantage
but the energy of freedom, they had built fur themtelvdt on the
solid foundation of liberty. It was no exaggerated account he
gave when he said, that without a single exception, America pna.;
seined in her present situation more energy, more force, and more

UNIVERSITY INTEI,LIGENCE.

CAM/1111110E, JAY. 28.
The foliowlhg is a list of the Whole putriber that passed
the examinations, of whom, however, several have not
yet completed their terms, and consequently were not ad-
mitted to their degrees on Saturday :
ring's Calkge—Wilder - 1
Trinity Co/kge.-Barhatn, Bateman, Beaumont, Drown,
Buck, Campbell, Creswell, Edwards, Flood, Foster,
France, French, Gibson, Gurney, Hencaye, Hopkinson,
Hurst. .leromie, King, Kinsey, Johnstone, Lawton, be-
fevre. London, Lockwood, Lodge, Mackay, Malkin, Mar.
tin 31ellish, Patteson, Pearson, Piggott, Remington, Hi..
catho, Robinson, Rodmell, Smith, Start, Sturgess, Ten.
neat, Thistledtwaite, Thomas, Thicken, Thornton, Tur-
ner, Utten, Vesey, White, Wood - - • - 20
St. John's rot:err—Benson, Benyon, Blundell, Bromilow,
Brown. Carrighen, Carter, Chabot, C. Clarke, R. Clarke,
Clay, Codiington. Coleridge, Cowling, Hayman, Dighton,
Dovell, Drake, Duck, Dunderdalc, Ferris, Fielder, Listen.
by, Grant, Greta, Halton, Hannam, [Upper, Hills, Holmes,
Huxley, Hyde, James, Jerson. batten, Lawson, Lewis, '
Lutwidge Maxwell, 31'CaU, Neucatre, Osborne, Parry,
Peart, Place, Powell, Pyne, Huddork, A. Smith, Wake,
Wheat, Wilde, Williams, 'Wilmot, Wilson - 56
St. Peter's College—Belville, Cobb, Heathen, Evans, Hamil.
ton, Laing, Rocket, West, Wilson - - 9
Clare //aa--Bazeley, Calcraft, Lagden, Lakes, Teeson,
Whiter
Pembroke llall—Arlett, Atkinson, Pooley, Rising, Sandys,
Turner, Wimbolt, Worley, sen., Wor‘ley, km. - 9
Coins ralkge—Arnold, Clayton, Cory, Guest, Image, Max-
well, Moore, Sendall, Senkler, Felker It
Corpus Christi College-Bow,Aead, Cook, Eyre, °retiree,
Hammond, Herring, Hooper, Pratt, Spurgeon, Thomas,
Turner
Queen's Collegt—Atkinson, sen., Atkinson, km., Bagnall,
Buck, Burn, Courteney, Dunn. Dunning, Fry, (canon,
Godfrey, Jeckell, Layton' Law, Langherst, Madden,
Madge, Meyrike, Padwiek, Pickford, Harnshay. Whiting 22
Collie, Me Hull—Beaver, Comidge, Corks, opens, From,
Gedge, Hall, Montague, Murray, Sidney, ii'ailcs, Walton' 12
Jesus Cofkge—Arthy, Ashworth, Atkin,on, Banholomew,
Bower, Crosse, Henry, Langdale, Manley, Palmer, A. Phil-
lips, T. Phillips. Moore, Shaw, Spencer, Symes, Wade - 17
Christ's Tolkge—Baines, Baldwin, Blonifield Brice, Budge,
Butterfield Collins, Fisher, Harvey, irentis, Walter,
Waters, Wedgeyood, Worley, Young . 1
Magdalene College Blackburn, Crawley Crosland, Evans,
Finch, Ford, Hall, Hodgson, Owen, Vliwtham . 10
Emmanuel Collegc—Adoutt„ Fearon, Gery, Green, Hayford,
Hotchkin, Lloyd, Ray, P.i.hworth, Valpy, Warden,
Watson . 12
Sidney Sussex Cohere—Adams, Buckle, Freeland, Fulcher,
Furlong, Gaitskell, Knight, Lefarque, Naplvton, Saunders,
Tucker, Weaver, Wells - - 13
Dmening College-41agnall, Chichester, Crawford, Heberden,
Lunge, Taylor .

The following gentlemen baring been prevented from
attending the examinations by illness, were admittetl to
" lEgrotat" degrees :
Ds. Berry, St. Peter's College I Ds. Severne, Christ's Cortege
Foster, St. John's College Villiers, St. John's college
Miller, ditto Weeding, Cain College
Steele, ditto

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

HUNTINO APPOINTMLNTS FOR NEXT WEEK.

H. dolliffe, Esq's. fox hounds meet on Monday, at Windmill
Wotton ; on Wednesday, at Foray-cross ; and on Saturday, at Old
Warren-gate, at eleven.
The Surrey fox hounds meet on Monday, at flornsey.poen ; on
Thursday, at Oodstone; and on Saturday, at Pratt's-aintom, at
half-past tea.
The Surrey harriers meet on Monday, Wednesday, and Satur-
day, at kennel, at eleven.
The Cottesmore 'founds meet on Monday, at Owston Wood ;
on Wednesday, at Carib, Wind-mill; and on Friday, at Burley, at
a quarter before eleven.
Earl Fitzwilliam's hounds meet on Monday. at Avcmlcy Wood •
on Tuesday, at Norwood; and on Thursday, at Thrapstombridge:
at ten.

Lord Yarborough's hounds meet en Tuesday, at Grainsby-
house ; Thursday, at Swallow cross-roads; on Saturday, at liceby-
moor, at eleven.

Burton Ilunt.—Sir Richard Sutton's hounds meet on Monday,
at the Green-man, Lincoln-hcatit .1 on Tuesday, at the Half-way-
house, Newark-road ; on Wednesday, at Ilarpswell; on Thursday,
at illungram.sorse; and on Saturday, at Branton-wood, at eleven.

PT.DESTRTANTsm.—A young man, apparm:iy about 20, started
on Tuesday about twelve o'clock from the Black Horse in Market
Peeping, to walk 22 miles in font hours (1:alf a mile out and in)
foe voluntary contributioos. lie accomplished the task with
seeming ease in 10 minutes less than time. We undetstand
his name is Bullock, and that he comes tivnt Yorkshire.—Snotetod
Mercury.

dement and dignity than !my other ration in the civilized eerld.l IRELAND.
Greet lieneSts had gees conferred by America, without much ex- ..—esesse—
Orden on her own pert, but solely by her great and vigorous THE Train Coette.—On Monday last his Excellency the Lord wimple, by which liberty. The time may perhaps come when we tad heen encemsgefl. and despotism eon-
Lieutenant held a Levee at the l'astle, the first for the moo& It
%ended (much cheering)
WWI numemusly attended._ At a few moments after two. his Excel-
way look forward to that theetioni for more acivc, and glorious Der-
leucy, attendee by the Greet Officers of his Household, In rich
ekes; for it was too Much to ex! vet that her istant hand could
uneones, and followed by the hem/411°1d servants in state liveries,
.
stretch &Mu the Atlantic to interfere between any contending arrives! at the Castle. The Court-yard was kept by a detachment
Pewees in this quarter of the world ; hut now so soon as her shores of the lOth Royal Humus The day was mild and fair; the
were menaced by a band of European despots, we have heard the , equipages, sec., generally speaking, highly respectable —Driblet
Ira sound of that avenging thunder, from which those who had , ATer.
i
resaon to fear it, turned away both their hearts and their cars.' The Earl of Clanricarde, whose arrival at his majority lately
When bad men league together, good men must join. He pasted , diffused so much jey in Galway, was on h s way to the capital fee
the the toast would be acceptable to ail ; but it could not be complete,, expreses purpose of attending the Levee, but, in coosequence
arbors . of his carriage having broken down, his Lordehip was unable re
if he did not couple it with the name of the Elective Chief,
i
open, candid, and decided address, gave indications of a solid bads, reach Dublin until after the conclusion of the ceremony. The
y r
upon which he might safely rest the interest and freedom of Europe, accident was much regretted by this respect and attention to thy
ung nobleman, as he watt
The Learned Gentleman concluded an eloquent speech, by ro-
m desirous of paying every mark of
posing " The President of the United States, and may there be a Noble Marquis who at present represents his Sovereign in this'
speedy union of all free countries against the united association of . country. The Earl of Clanricarde, our readers need not be toil,
des pota." is the heir and representative of the ancient house of lie Burgle,-
This toast was received and drunk with the most excessive en- The people of Galway, we are told, look up to him with the warm-
thusissm. est feelings of pride and regard.—Dee fie Freeman's Joiren4
Spirited and impressive speeches were also made by the Earl of STATE or THE Coe x TIRY—The provincial papers received
since our last do not contain any Miller instances of out age. At
IRosslyn, Mr. Cockburn, and others. That of Mr. COCCHI:IN
made a particular impression. Alluding to the enthusiasm with the commencement of the winter rune of the journals in this city
which " Success to the Cause of Spain" had been drunk at the bat were intidrafitlO " the horrors of the south," anti a revival of
meeting, he observed, that we then beheld the despots of Europe those scenes of outrage and disturbance which disgraced the cam.
uniting their counsels, and leaguing their power against a people try on a former year. It affords as mach pleasure to reflect en the
k whom, from the spirit, wisdom. and firmness at first displayed peaceable divposkion which has been manifested throughout the
we hoped they had at last met with an enemy able and willing to country ; and we have no doubt that the present tranquillity will
heist them (cheers), and while we watched with deep anxiety the continue so lopg as the pea:sentry of the country are enabled M any
center, we fondly trusted that freedom had selected the soil of way to procure for themselves and their families even a scanty
Spain as the scene of her brightest triumphs. These prospects had supply of the common neemsarita of life. The present priers of
been sadly overran'—unprincipled force had again been successful— provisions enable the fernier* of the country to employ and Pay
e
and those whom we regarded as patriots, had proved to be traitors, many individuals who would otherwise be suffering the extreme of
I Some had done their duty nobly, who had ultimately failed, because wretchedness ; and who, consequently driven to a state at drapers.
' they were without materials to work upon, and resisted in their hen, would have become the ready instruments of the fleet tie-
efforts by an ignorant people—a bigoted priesthood, and the basest IStaing individual who might hold oat a hope of bettering their
nobility ever known upon the face of the earth (Immense cheers). arcumstances by engaging in the moat Wakes and desperate sets.
The result had been, that the progress of thought and of know. We treat that some measures niny be adopted, whereby permanent
ledge had been checked, and that Spain had become an universal employment will be afforded to the poor of the country-ens we feel
and unsparing slaughter house. If those only had fallen who persuaded until tea is effected, every other measure will be found
proved unfaithful to the best interests of their country, he shoulp inefficient, and inadequate to produce permanent tranquillity
not have much regretted their loss, but far different, had been the throughout the country.—ltish Tuna.
fete of the best rends of patriotism and liberty. Some there STAMP Orrice—The Lords of the Treasury have issued $
were who were happy in placing at their head the gallant and new Commission, appointing the following gentlemen to the Beard
murdered Riego —Me mention of the name of this patriot called of Stamp Duties :—Wiistampbell,Esq. late Comptroller of Legacy
forth an inheritance* and unanimous burst of acclamation.] 1 Duties in London ; John Lisson Cooper,
of Customs ; and
atoned Esq., who for many=
ay (continued Mr. Cockburn), happy are those who, like the per.
Fins held the office of Receivermeneral 'rei
ion I have named, have atoned for their virtues by the sacrifice of Mahon, Ewe, late Inspector-General of Stamp Duties, Ed;;:
Glascock, end John Trench. Emirs.. it is understood, will be either
their lives—for, slag' there arc hundreds, nay, thousand*, who are
Obliged to attest their adherence to their principles by the miseries removed to the English Board, or retire upon such sup-aannuatian
of their liven, and the extinction of their families. !leaven bless as the length of their service' tiny entitle them to.
Obeli in their political martyrdom! And while groaning in their gentlemen have been provisi. welly suspended:—.Alex.The following
II
chains, or pining in their dungeons, or withering in their towers, Esq., Distributor; Richard Jones, Esq., Warehouse-keepert=
esse they risel how much greater they are than those who have Richard Graydon, Deputy Werehouee-lecepez.—Deblin Feeling
=frm there; and while their oppressors are ignominiously Post.
may they be consoled with the reflection, that some ge-
nerous aid careful hand will collect and record, fur the advantage
of posterity, every pang of their sufferings! (great cheering). Some
there are whom a more fortunate fate has awaited, who have sought
refuge in this country; and, in spite of that law which, to our
shame be it said, might have thrown them back into the arms of
the it pursuers, have done this country the singular honour of select. I
ing it as a place of their retreat. Among these we can rank the
bold and pathetic Mina, the eloquent and learned Arguelles, the
sagacious and experienced A laver, who never despaired of the
success of their cause, while there remained one inch of honour.
able ground for them to stand upon. Besides these, there were no
fewer than six hundred patriotic refugees, all men of education, of
fortune, and ability, little prepared by the habits of their past lives,
to encounter their present privations, which, but for us, must
continue to embitter their life to come. The state a these
persona, and of some Italians who came from the southern die.
tries of that country, is alroltately heart-rending. He misted,
that through the generosity of the British nation, they would be
enabled to betake themselves to America, and there kindle that
spark of patriotism they had with so much difficulty preserved, into
a flame that would barn with a bright and steady effulgence to the
latest period of time. let not that support be degraded by the
name of charity. In relieving them, we are honour to our own
feelings, sympathising with their sufferings, and sharing our for-
tunes with these with whom we have been so long identified in their
common cause. It was not long since that in our own country be.
fore the blessed Revolution. our ancestors were compelled to aban-
don their banes, and to seek ins foreign land those contributions
which we are now asked to give; meantime. it will be their cense-
logien that their merits are known, lied their feelings sympathised
with by our countrymen • anti that all the relentless fury of their
persecutors could not rob them of that harvest of glory which Bri-
tish generosity had awarded them. (thunders of applause). The
Learned Gentleman concluded hie able and pathetic speech, which
was followed by the moat unanimous and enthusiastic cheering, by
Polkaing " Alma, Ahem, and Arguelles, and the brave Spaniards
who did not despair of their country amidst general defection. '
Air, " Tyrolese Song of Liberty. '
The last toast given less " Catholic Emancipation," after which
Ilk names of the Committee for the next year were read, on which
qv Meeting broke up, a few minutes before twelve o'clock.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.

CUSTOM-HOUSE, JAY. W.
ENTERED INWARDS.
Matilda, Moore (Willcox and Co. brokers), from Lisbon.
S'r Edward Ogilby, Hawkins (Orilbv, broker), from Genoa.
Willing Mind, Fowler (Willcox. brekl.v), from Cadiz.
Mellish. Cole (Aston and brokers), from Calcutta.
Alarmion, Jarrod t Burnett, broker), from St. Michael's.
Dispatch, Crabb (Roger's, broke.), from Messina.
Coventry, Horn ((:ray, broker), front Demerara.
Amph, Webster (Sampson. broker), from Pernambuco.
William! Stewart (Spins, broker), from Calais.
Carolus, Lemin (Cowie. broker), frinn Lisbon.
Union, Betide (Redhead, broker), from Calais.
JA x. 29.
ENTERED OUTWARDS.--Tht Prince of SIX! Coburg, for Rot•
Medan ; Fame, for Lisbon ; I I appy Return, for Dublin ; and True
Blue, for Limerick.
CLEARING 01,TWARDS.—The Antelope. for Lisbon ; London
Packet, for Boston; Henry Davidson, for Jamaica; Topaz?, fbt
.totipta ; Nelly, for Trieste; Glory, for Pakrmo; Paulina, for
Chartio.
