"Eldnetus, sambitur idetn."

Even now it is said he casts many " a longing lingering!
look" at all he must leave behind. For a few months
more Lord Eldon will sit on the Woolsack, to defy his
enemies, and his name and actions will then become a
part of history. He was certainly in the House, up stairs,
on Monday night, with his brother, Lord Stowell, during
the memorable debate which implicated him so closely,
and his agitation was apparent to many: he walked
rapidly backward and forward, and was heard repeatedly.
to exclaim, that " he would not be trampled upon.
Like the great Minister to whose patronage he owed his
first exaltation, he is said also to have flown to the grape
fur refuge, and his draughts to have been long and deep,
in the room where he sate and watched on that night the
result of Mr. Abereromby's motion. A majority screened
Lord Eldon, and yet a small one too. Had the motion in
the House of Commons been carried, his tenure of office
could not have lasted a day the next morning must have
risen on his resignation. The defence made for him was
a weak one: he was flung on the mercy of the House:
there seemed to be but little sympathy amons many of his
colleagues. But it is known that the leading portion of
the present Cabinet are opposed to his continuance in
office; and his resignation, it is thought, will not be deeply
lamented by Mr. Canning, Mr. fiuskisson, or even by
Lord Liverpool. His latter days have been troubled and
stormy: the winds of hostility have blown high around
him ; but, like au old oak, he'bu taken deep root, and it
is hard to unsettle or move him. His rise was rapid and
unexpected, and twenty years of almost undisturbed power
made him nearly supreme. His influence was widely dif-
fused, and his patronage both in the law and church
absolute. His family have been splendidly provided for;
and he is said, from immense emoluments and great fru-
gality, to have accumulated vast wealth. His legal abili-
ties and acquirements stand undisputed, and his integrity
has never yet been impeached; but his political views are
all narrow and selfish, and the delays and hesitations of his
Court are registered in the ruin of hundreds. His retire-
ment will bring with it few regrets, and there is nothing
ju his character that can baud bins with dignity to other
days.

Thrthancellor of the Exciteqtus, last night, during the
debate on the window tax, with a feeling that does him
the highest honour, made another concession, and a most
important one, to the public: he declared his intention, in
conformity with the suggestion of Mr. John Smith, to re-
peal the stamp duties on law proceeding. The loss to the
revenue, he calculated, would amount to about 200,0001. ;
this Mr. Robinson said he would supply, one half by a
saving in the collection of the revenue, and the other half
he calculated on receiving from the growing increase of the
Crown lands. This is one of the most valuable conces-
sions yet made to the people ; it will reduce the monstrous
expenses attendant on all law proceedings, the enormous
costs of which made law a luxury attainable only by the
rich, and put it quite beyond the reach of the poorer or-
ders. A general revision of all the law offices, and the
charges of attornies and solicitors ought to follow on this
beneficial repeal. The greatest abuses yet exist in many
of these offices, particularly in Ireland ; and the costs of
the solicitor, increased by the advances he had to make.
were most overgrown, and aught now to be settled by a
regulation of the Legislature. We wish the repeal of that
obnoxious and distressing impost, the window tax, bad also
been conceded ; its amount in the revenue of the country is
unothing, but the charge of collection is most dispropor-
boned, and it presses most severely en the community at
large. The window-tax wars equally with the health
and comforts of the people; it cuts off numbers front the
enjoyment of light and wholesome sir, which they would.
Otherwise enjoy ; it is an ungracious and inquisitorial tax,
unproductive to Government, and opprt ssive to the co; wry.
General disappointment, we know, has been felt at its con-
tinuance; it has already been repealed in Ireland, and the
same concession ought to be made to this country. ll'e
hope, before the Session closes, Mr. Robinson will see it in
the same light, and strike it from the list of assessments.
The great difficulty, we know, lies in providing for the col-
lectors and others pensioned out of this tax ; but the re-
duction was easily made in Ireland, where the number was
probably as great as here. We cannot praise too warmly Mr.
Robinson's honourable and impartial conduct since lie en-
tend on his present high office ; it has conciliated for him
universal respect and confidence throughout the country.

The remainder of Mr. Filar's Petition will be found
in another port of our Paper. The whole of it is now be-
fore the public. It is the principle involved in these pro-
ceedings with which we are conocrued. Every British
subject is interested, and deeply too, in the conduct of
County Magistrates; because, it' those who arc set apart in
every district throughout the kingdom to sit in jildgment
on all persons accused, and who are invested with a power
of punishing, at their discretion, when this jurisdiction,
sufficiently alarming in itself, has been increascd anal ex-
tended till a conscientious mall might well tremble to
exercise it—if this parer is abused, and abused Without
responsibihty and without account, it strikes more radi-
cally and effectually at the safety of the subject and the
security of the Constitution than cry avowed net of arbi-
trary dominion which emanates from Ministers or from
Parliament. Oppression from those quarters is every
where seen and known : the Press proclaims it through
the kingdom, and a timely publicity puts every man upon
his guard. Remonstrances flow in from all quarters, and
the unconstitutional act, whatever it may he, is generally
clothed with some sort of sanction, which, though illusive,
allays the fervor of popular feeling, and serves to recog-
nize the justice of the priaciples it overruled. But with
local Maghtrates—with Justices of the Peace, dispersed
over the whole surface of the country, the danger is quite
of another kind. At a distance from the metropolis, these
Lords of the soil deal with offenders at their pleasure. if
the bwallp of the individual who may be brought before
them skald chance to be nctorious!y below the ultra
standard, his fall is scaled. They hole rebuke in scorn ;1
the provincial newspapers will not of end them by pro-
'claiming their injustice. They fed themselves se-
' cute from all attack within the circle of their

&way itt.lacnce ; and beyond that Cfrele the rigour of
their sentence, or the illegality of it, never transpires.
The liberty of the people is invaded, the maxims of the
,Constiiution violated, all the principles of justice out-
raged, and the victims suffer without their sufferings being
known, and, if known, without any chance of their being
relieved. • The two cases of Mr. A. Flint and his brothel--
the one occur' sir at the interval of a twelvemonth from
the other—strikingly exemplify the evil we are adverting
to. Neither of these cases would have bem known, but
from the appeal which was made by them to this Journal
to bring these cases before the publlt. We were wholly
unknown to the parties ; but the duty Which we owe to
the public, and our allegiance to those principles of
pri-
vote and personal justice, which the press of this country
'ought ever to advocate, required that we should concede
Ito their request, and we did so. The facts trade a strong
impression upon our mind, and we endeavor red to convey
that impression, with equal strength arid effect, upon the
mind of the public. We stated the. farts, and with the
comment which they appeared to us to call for. Having
I done this, we should probably there bare rested; but the
foolish imprudence of Mr. Chetwynd would not permit
this. No sooner had we sheath,d the sword but he
sounded the trumpet. The truth had galled his feelings,
and the exposure had stung his vanity. Aware—for we
bad told him so—that the facts we bad stated would be
brought in charge against him before the House of Com-
mons, of which he was a Member, his first endeavour
was to induce a belief that the statements were un-
founded—that they were mere groundless espersions, in-
tended to smut the hitherto unspotted purity of his
magisterial robe. To strengthen and give effect to
this belief, he applied to the Court of King's Bench
for a rule to show cause why we abould .not ,be pro-
secutitj for a libels in having imdicioudy publit6sd as
Ink' a statement- fttielt Werfelear ,AIR, Caati4p4, as
doubt, conceived that this was a *Miss GI good policy;
as the intention of it manifestly was to create an impres-
sion in his favour when the case of Mr. Charles Flint
came before the House, and to furnish a pretext to his
Parliamentwzy friends for rallying round hint as a Magis-
trate and Member of that House, whose conduct and cha-
racter had been libelled by that very charge then brought
against him, and for which he had taken preparatory steps
for punishing the petitioner by applicltion to a Court of
Law. The whole facts are before the public; they will
judge whether we have borne false witness.
After perusing this petition, how will those Magistrates
who werg not present justify themselves in passing and
publishing their resolution that " Earl TALBOT be re-
quested, on behalf of all the Magistrates present, to express
to George Clietwynal, Esq. their unanimous approbation of
hit upriltht and imisirtial conduct, relative to the prosecu-
tion and trial of Charles Flint and others for a mis 'e-
ineanor." These gentlemen must have overruled the
influence of every better feeling before they could give their
signatures to such an attestation. If this is to be received
throughout the country as a recorded sample of what con-
stitutes uprightness and impartiality in the judgment of
die whole body of County Magistrates in this kingdom,
it is well to have it thus publicly announced. But it
would be tureandid to pursue the resolution of these gentle-
men to its *suit. We feel convinced that their more-de-
liberate judgment will not confirm it.
With regard to the suppm tgiven to Mr.A. Flint's petition
to Lord Sidmouds, and the success which it obtained
through the zealous activity of the Member for Stafford,
as stated by the Attorney-General on Friday evening, we
will turn to that topic veil, shortly. Weld, a writer of
Travels, says, that the William do not directly contradict
one who states what is untrue. They reply—" It
appears to us so improbable, Mat we cannot assent to it."
Vie will profit by this example of Eastern politeness for
the present, being obliged, by lbw variety of matter that
presses upon us, to postpone this subject till Monday. On
that day we shall have more space, when we shall do
ample justice to the Attorney-General's veracity on this
point, and on some others.

The Dt.ke of Yolk, as Commander-in-thief, held a
levee yesterday, at his office in the Horse Guards, which
was attended by Lieut.-Generals Cre.sbie and Hodgson,
Major-Generals-Hutchinson, Conrad, Siriolth Dalrymple,
Suripton and Mural; Lords Churchill, /Italian', and
Grantha'm ; and between twenty and thirty others.
Yesterday, about two o'clock, the Duchess of Gloucester
and the Princess Sophia visited the Date of York, where
their Royal Highnesses partook of a tkjeitnel.
Monday night Prince Leopold honoured the DuchesS of
Somerset with his presence.

Yesterday, at Sim o'clock, a Cabinet Council was held
at the Foreign-office in Downing-street, which sat in deli-
beration till about five o'clock.

Despatches were last night made up for Mr. sego, the
Italian courier, to take back to Spam a reply to those
brought to London a few days since from Sir W. Atourt,
our Ambassador at Spain.
Yesterday the despatches were closed at the East India
House, and delivered to the Pursers of the following
ships: viz.—Marquis Camden, Captain Larkins, for Bom-
bay anti China ' • and the Lady Melville, Captain Clifford,
for Madras and China.

The following circular was sent yesterday to the lead-
ing monied men in the City :—" The list of Mcsars. Baily
and Goldsmid, for the new Colombian Loan, closed on
Saturday last. We understand that these gentlemen have
started on a new plan, by endeavouring to assimilate it as
much as possible to the English Lotus; and by appor-
tioning it amongst the subscribers at the price actually
contracted for; a method which is evidently advantageous
to the Colombian Government, as well as to the subscribers
'at large." _ _

Some sensation was created yesterday in the city amongst
the Manchu ster warehousemen, by the disappearance of a
person who had for some time enjoyed good credit with
goods in their way, to the amount of more than 20,0001.
They were shipped for Ilamburgh, whither he is supposed
tolrave followed them.
A letter from Cadiz stater, that two merchantmen bad
just been captured ; but it is not said to what nation they
belong.
Letters from Missolonghi, by the French mail, state
that the Creek and Turkish fleets, in the Gulf of Lepanto,
are in sight of each other, and expected to come to action
hourly. The Greek fleet, which some mouths ago was
only one-third as strong as the Turkish, and which then
might have been annihilated if the Turks had displayed a
little courage, is now considerably reinforced.
CAVAN ELECTION.—It appears from the Dublin EMl-
ing Post of Saturday, received yesterday, that the person
of the name of Smith, who has been killed at the election,
was not the individual who proposed Mr. Coote in opposi-
tion to Mr. MaxwelL The above paper gives the follow-
ing particulars from another Dublin journal :—" Two
persons arc implicated in the murder of the unfortunate
Smith. Weir, a constable, who is in custody, and against
whom the Jury on the Coroner's Inquest have brought in
a verdict of WA/ail Murder ; the other is one of the staff
of the Cavan regiment, and has for the present escaped.
The circumstances of this murder, we understand, were
mast atrocious. The provocation, if any, was very slight.
I No previous blow was given until this unfortunate man
was knocked down by one of these persons, and the mortal
wound given by the other, who plunged a bayonet with
such force into the back part of his bead, as to drive the
point of it through the top of his skull."
SCOTCH LINEN TRADE.—The budget appears to have
spread great consternation in the north of Scotland, where
the principal manufacturers of coarse linens are situated.
Letters from Dundee, received yesterday, state, that it is,
calculated that 15,000 poor people will be thrown out of
employment, owing to the withdrawing of the bounty on
coarse linen.

Petitions in favour of the amelioration of the slaves and
Igrudeul abolition of slavery in the British AVest India
Colonies, have been transmitted to the Houses of Lords
and Commons, from Circencester.

There was literally a scramble for Whole Tickets at all
the I,ottery Offim two days before the drawing commenced t and
the consequence is, a whole ticket cannot now be obtained tar love
or money. Mr. Sivewright, however, has arranged that whoever
wants a ticket mar have two halves at the same price, the Contrac-
tor making loud to the office-keepers the difference in amount;
this alternative the purchasers scent very well reconciled to; and as
there are still five 20,0001. prizes (two of them for the 17th of,
Alarch), it is very possible for two halves to gain two different prize+
of 211,0091.: but whoever gets only one of them, would be very
likely to console themselves with the recollzetion that " Ilatt a 1
lwf ;sl.(!ier !reed."

Ai?lffl.
[FROM OUR rORREsPOYDEX r.l
PARIS, FED. 71:
We are over head and ears in politics at present, sad
party disputes are conducted with an acrimony that thews
tile disputants to be in earnest. A very short period will
discover what is to be expeend front the new lb•puties,
and whether France is to have a liberal Constitution, or
whether the t Una are to be the lords of the ascend:lm.
The electuri3on each side have put up their Christian
'prayers ; it trill, perhaps, end in a compromise, and cor-
ruption, as is teotal in such cast-3, will make conv;:rts frets
both parties. I have not NIPOre'S Ahrens:el( by me, ant!,
nithout it, I sin afraid to prognosticate concerning the po-
litical regeneration of France, or, indeed, of any country,
nglind not excrpt ed. Void NAPIER, the inventor of tbs.'
logarithms, prophesied the end of the world, but he c:::-
lived his prediction.
I have personally great respect for Loris /e
arising, in sonic measlier probably, from my sympathy for
gocereigna in general, *rib; 1 very sincerely think, are to
be pitied. SIIA NAPE &RE, :Elwin, as you know, r worship,
and who knew Man thelongbly in all his tinaracrs, simple
land compound: and had analysed our nature from the
coarsest lump of human clay to the most brilliant and brit
tie of its chini warcanessrEAßF. puts into the ir.outh of
Henry Me 11/TA the genuine language of truth and feeling,
when, in that tine soliloquy, he makes him exclaim—

i‘ What infinite hestrys case must Kings niglect
That private men enjoy. !
And what have Kin,lN that privates have tot too,
Save ceremony, save ,?eneral ceremony ?
And wont art thou, thou idol, Ceremony !
What kind of god art thou, that suffeest more
Of mortal griefs, than do thy worshippers?
What are thy rents ? What are thy comings in ?
Olt, Corenusny, shew me but thy worth !
What t, the soul of adoration ?
Art thou aught el*: but place, degree, and fof
Creatingirwe and fair in other men,
Whingijitiwin art less happy, being rested,
Than they to traPtas

All this is trite in human nature.; and a truth too that
has knocked at the heart of every Monarch without excep-
tion, from the very first invention of crowns and setiltres-
We are 11 alike busied in the search after happiness, front
the highest to del lowest ; thoskwho search for it in s
palace miss it, and those who Ina for it in a cottage don't
I find it. In truth, I have' king since conic to the conclusion
that it is vain to hunt after it. if there is any such thing
II as true felicity on this earth beneath, it consists in that
phi-
losoplrical and easy state of being, in which a man is eon.:
tented with what he is at present, and satisfied with his
prospects of the feture. Whoever has arrived at this state
I is not slits if his hopes of enjoyment carry him beyond it.
The Minister of the Interior (('hateaubriant) gave& hall
la?t night, which was nitwit brilliantly attended ; among
the visitors were some of the Most distinguished personages
in Paris. Title bong the season for marked balls, not all
evening passes withoet witnessing a score of these conveni-
ent and amusing. theatres of Parisian gallantry and intrigue ;
they are, however, by no means so gay as might be ex-
pected, there b;:in,, but few masks in character ; it is not
every mind that has a ap .ng-tide of vivacity sufficient to
supply the demands upor it. The beaux are principally in
black, and the belles its dominos ; these sombre exteriors
give the nocturnal asseinblies rather the appearance of a
disordered funeral procession than of a meeting for festivity
and frolic. The critics, to a man, have condemned
Hon ea for making his gods guilty of laughter ; but this
great poet lived in an age when laughter was snore a
symptom of genuine enjoyment thin it is at present ; the
celestials had no Cheetegie/d among them to petrify their
risible muscles. 'fbey were not only seen, but heard to
laugh ; besides Olympus was often in an uproar ; in their
sublime abodes they paid neither rent nor taxes, which, in.
this age are, greater drawbacks upon vulgar merriment than
all the rules of politeness.
A splendid ball was given by the Russian Ambassador
on the same evening with that of Mons. Chateaubriant.
The Emperor Alexanihr is not inattentive to the improv-
ing his influence in all Courts and in all quarters. One
cannot have quite forgotten the enthusiasm with which he
attached himself for a time to the person and politics of
Bonaparte. " All things to all mea :" it is a wise Instant
that. The Ultras are now his favourites, and they, in
their twin, are great admirers of his magnanimity. What
'short-sighted policy! What reward can they look for? We
may well say of them as the Duke ,r orh ails says to the
Constable of France, in Henry the FOTh :-
6. Foolish ears that run winking into the mouth of a Russian
bear, and bsve their heads crushed like rotten apples."
The passage is curiae::, as are the persems of the drama:
;Shs':speare was a prophet as well as a poet, take my word
for it.

I learn from the newspapers, that you are about to erect
a public picture gallery, and that a sum has been voted by
Parliament for that purpose. lily only wonder, aud the
only wonder of foreigners of either taste or science, is that
a structure of this kind should have been hitherto wanting
in the British empire. You want one also for sculpture,
an art by no means sufficiently encouraged in England.
Your patronage aimed engravers is by no means so liberal
and effective as it ought to be ; that the French school
excel you is to be ascribed to this cause. You hare some
artists among you in this department of art that are adrni.,
ruble. A friend yesterday 'hewed me a mezzotinto en-
graving of the Hon. Mrs. Apr Ellis, which he had just
received from London ; there is a great sweetness of ex-
pression in the face, and the figure is feminine and grace-
ful. The style of engraving is well adapted to portrait ;
its great recent nee is .fflargs; it has none of the harsh-
ness and complexity of cross lines, and on this account it
expresses flesh more naturally. This portrait is deliciously
executed. There should be • public gallery for engrav-
ings as well as for paintings. Think of such a man as
Nit:Lean, now no more, and then reflect on the exquisite
perfection of which this delightful art is susceptible.
Amongst our many Parisian i inprovernents, two handsome
passages arc just opened on the Boukrards !Innen, called
Les Passages Nouvelles de l'Olern, running from the Boule-
vards to the back of the Academie Royale. They are per-
haps the most extended in Paris, and are about fiftein feet
wide, an:l covered enth e'y by a sky-light. Tl.e houses
are two stories high ; one of them is complete, and occu-
pied by Magasins des Noureaotes, des Modes, as Restau-
rant, handsomely fitted up; a saloon of public amuse-
ments, for experimental philosophy, conjuring, balls, Re.
called Mille, which is elegantly composed, and much fre-
quented by la bonne YOC . The two passages communi-
cate at each end by a transverse passage. Within this
inclosure, are to be 'found Cabinets de Lecture, Cabinets
inodore, CaPs, in fact, every accommodation that can cap-
tivate the fashionable world at night ; the whole is bril-
liantly illuminated by gas, which is now become the ge-
neral medium for enlightening our paths, in this motro-
polls, an improvement for which, in spite of their general
claim to all inventions, the Parisians are obliged to acknow-
ledge themselves indebted to the English. Another hand-
some passage has also been opened from the Rue Pelletier
to the Rile d 'Artois. These commodious sheltered pro-
menades present a most accommodating retreat to those
who make the Boulevards their favourite evening walk, in
the event of a sudden change in the weather.
The Rains Chino;sc, on the Boulevards ltalien, have
undergone considerable improvements; there are at pres:•.t
120 baths: the house is divided, the left wing for Italica, t!ic
right for gcrtlemen. In fact, scarcely • day pusses
with-
out some new attraction. 1 shall report them to you ;:s
they arise.

The :Marquis and Marchioness of Bute arrived in Edin-
burgh on Thursday evening.
Mr. Nolan bas been appointed a Welsh Judge.
Cu!font Hall, the seat of the late Marquis Cornwal;i..,
is sold to Benyon de Beauvoir,
Yesterday morning were married, at St. James's chureb,
Lord John 1 hynne, to Miss Beresfortl, daughter 01 the
Rev. C.C. Beresfonl and niece to Mrs. George Byng. Aft..r
the ceremony the happy pair set off in an elegant chilli,:
and four horses, for George Ityng, Esq. M.P.'n se I-.
IVrothatn-park, when they intend to pass the bot.::y-
moon.

The amiable and accomplished daughter of W. s.
roynta, Esq., is, we underr•arxl, to be led to the lrr•
mumsl altar by the Marquis of Exeter.—Sarre) and
Sussex Chronicle.

The death of Sir Thomas Reid, But., took place at hi,
seat at Chiselhurst, and was the result of a paralytic at-
tack. Ile was the head of the very respectablefrm of
Reid, Irving. and Co., and lately filled the Alma Chair-
man of the Court of Directors. _
