beparated.

The two Regiments of Horse Guards, and the
Train of Anillevy, from Woolwich, were revi,•wed
yesterday upon Mack.-leads. The Duke ot CA bi-
amulet was upon the ground at nine o'clock, ready
is receive them. 1 troops heing formed into
line, wish the Aatilleay in front, the Dykes of Yoaz,
liaMR, and Sussex, the Earl of Moo a•, and a nu-
naerous swat of Otficitis, attired at 10 o'clock, and
Iliac review comm.-need.
About twelve o'cl.)ck a torrent of rain suddenly
same," and the troops, after having pet formed a
variety ot evolutions with greet paeciaion and ad-
dress, were dismissed M consequence, without tta
usual *ARC The Royal Dukes sought shelter ha
the Doke of CARIRAI wit's barouche, And, as soma
as the weather had cleared up, returned to toau
on horseback. ground was kept by the secosal
regan4:nt at the LtoyAl Tower Hamlets fiLlsua.

: -
SOUTNA'AItit MELPTINd.
02
Yesterday a Mretingoof the Steelton and
ants of the Borough of Southwatk was held,
Town Hall, pursuant to notice
Shortly after one o'clock, Mr. TOWNSHEND tonic
chair, Sir Watkin Lewis, the High Bail g, bei
unable to attend. He stated to the gentles-n pr
sent, that they had been convenni by the High
Bailiff, whose Deputy he then was, in cnnv..qiience
of a requisition, signed by several of the most re.
speltible ir,ts tbitants. He then real over the nom
of those who had signed the requisition, and sal
that if any gentleman bad any resolution to pro
that was the proper time. •
Mr. Grit eis rose, and avowing himself one of tho •
who had signed the requisition, said, it would
necessary for him to explain why the preetti
meeting was convened, which he bad no doubt
of doing in the most satisfactory manner, in the
course of a very few minutes. The obj proposed
was, to return thanks to the Yeomanry and Volun-
teers for the eminent services they had rendered to
their country. This alone, he thought, would be
considered a sufficinit reason for calling the gentle.
men together, when the various services of that gal-
lant body of men were recollected. When first the
Volunteers were raised, their numbers were few ; in
the present war, however, the danger of invasion'.
increasing, it was found necessary to extend the s
tern, and the alacrity with which they A Kited to t"
standard, and took up arms in the defence of th
country, when the hour of peril was at hand,
sufficient, in his mind, to induce every Et glislro
to come forward and acknowledge their servi
It might be said, perhaps, that the resolutions
waseibout to propose, were brought forward with
some party view ; hut he totally disclaimed it ; or that
they were in any way meant to ail isr opposition.
the measures or inclinations of- His Majesty's Mini
tens. He was aerate much had been said about
Volunteers, both in and out of d .ors, wad he ehoUgh
it might be urged, perhaps, that resolutions. similar
to those he was about to propose, had been nega-
tived in another place, and that these were brought ..
forward in opposition to C.-let core; bet be poiitiv
denied it. The idea of thanking the Volunteers -•
real services, having originated sant-ray in the neigh."
bourhuod. Since h- came to the Hall, he heard
that his resolutions-were to be opposed; bus not
being aware of any good ground of opposigna, he
could not help still entertaiatog the *oat linguine
hope, that they would be carried unasiesetulT. 'it •
was not his intention, he said, to tale up the tithe
of the gentlemen, by goirg into a mean *stied
the benefits derived by the country =rm.
teen ; but he thought, when it was ;Ant
it was the numerous musters of the Volueteers;*at
deterred the Emperor of the French from invaditg
this country. they should not hesitate to return their
thanks. That their numerous musters bad had that ef-
fect, could rot be denied ; a. they had the highest do.
thnrity for it, strengthened ty the well known taO,ttpt,
after all the threats made use cf, not a single French-
man had set his toot on English ground. He wishel it
to be understood, that it was by no means his inten-
tion to uetraet from the merits of the army and the
militia ; they were all, he believed, of the same opi-
nion, that an t.nglish army, having fair play, *Mild
acquit themselves honourably, that the militia would
equal them in the field, and that the Volunteers would
nue be truerior to either.• He concluded by propos-
ing three resolutions, the first of which wen— -
" That this Meeting diet h;gh:y approve at tbs. eorsytell ref
Vie Yeomanry a art VtAUttletfi, uvou an ec...isem. ;* Anse site,
thank them fur the same ; and rest eve., the y c.,i,riouir their
services ill lung u His Majes'y may duns it ace-vaary of
esp,rdient •
Mr. Yoe no seconded the motion; which being
read from the Chair,
Mr. SHIPLEY rose and said, it was his epinion,that
the services of the Volunteers were high ly homer-
able to themselves, and serviceable to the cottony'.
So far he agreed with the with Gentleman ; hqt.in 1
other respects, he differed tr•nra hint materially,pate
ticplarly when he said, that ive emulation had no-
thing to do with politics. in his opinion. it enter-
ed into the field of politics. in the most extepdcd
sense ; it bore, he thought, the same comp:ection,
as that which had been brought forward in The
House of Commons, by those who had trans; , •
ruled them for the last twenty years. and
whose taxes the natum at present groaned. (
sheets of applorse Intern:cud with some mark of
disapprobation.) in consequence of the changes
which had taken place, measures were now adopted
which would do away these peculations in the fi-
nances, and the various abuses which had so long
been Loud apphyste, with ems of
No.") Why, then, should they assemble there, for
the purpose cf passing an annecessary resoliation,
in oppuction to an Administration, which had
no other view than the good of their coun-
try ? The present time. also, was the most un-
fortunate that could have been fixed on for

__.._ ...._
bringing forward such a resolution, as negocia-
lion, were, at present, going on between our Go- •
verament and tie Eotreror of the French. It was
necessary that the M;nisters should have it in their
power to say. Let ns have peace on honourable
terms; or, it yon are determined on war, vu trust
contend with a nation united to oppose yfut. By t
agitating this question, the contrary would be mani-
fest; for which reason, as also because the generai"y ~
of the gentlemeo.whose names were signed to the
requisition were not prcseut, be m.ved the ptevious
qdestion.
Mt. Yoosio thought it mat extraordinary, that
the worthy Gentleman should rate the groat nc- ,
cessity there was fair Unanimity, sad should. by
moving the previous question, take the only chaos
of disun'ting the country. Ho would ask, how
was it possible that voting these thanks could bays
any, the slightest •11•62 on the existing negotiation I
It was absolutely empasotle ; sad be theoeforea
hoped the resolutions would be *steed ie. Hs
then made a few observations relative to the
beheat de, ived by the ci.untry frons the Voluntects ; •
-and concluded hr saying. be was convinced these j
was not a Gentleman who signed the r•qqisition. :i
who wiJuld not contribute in ever y rasped to the ,
support of such a valuable body ,:f men. /
Colonel At coca 'aid, it the inhahitaras of South- '
were had a.sentisled in the Tnwn-Hall I ..r t"e rue. ,I
pate of thank ng the Volunteers of die Borough.
then the retioltitatsi would iv less okleettoolible ; but. 2:
as it new stood.
very litre an mein ea censure on the House of s:onae
it was mach too raner.el, and 10, ked

mons, for mt. agreeing to the wisolation proposed
on the sami"sib*jett. For this reason, therefore, as
well au/because it would be establishing a pretedent
for the whole country, he should vote for the pre-
vious question. If the Gentlemen thought it abso-
lutely necessary to pay some compliment to the
Volunteers, he thought the best way would be
to open a new book for subscriptior, Unit they
might have an opportunity of contributing some-
thing to the support of those Volunteers, whose
allowances, on account of the ezpence, Government
found it necessary to reduce; but he thought it was
not likely that this proposition would be agreed to,
es there were some gentlemen, whose names he saw
on the paper, who had with-held their subscriptions
on the former occasion. There was another reason,
also, which just occurred to him, why this resolu-
tion should not be agreed to, and this was, that
Government had not thought it necessary to thank
' the navy and army, who had gallantly served their
1'
• country at the Cape of Good Hope ; he thought,
therefore, it would be extremely unfair to give a
vote of thanks to the Volunteers, who had not pet-
formed any specific service ; and he was convinced
they did not expel it.
Mr. Oa u E said, he was the person alluded to by
Mr. Alcock, when he said that some Gentlemen,
whose names were on the list, had w the!ield their
subscriptions, and he begged leave to explain his
reason. A band of music had been paraded before
his door (here loud cries of "nonsense" issued from
all quarters, and so great an uproar was raised, that
we could tolled no more of the Gentleman's words )
Mr. GRE2II spot to order, and said, the Gentle-
man was going into a subjeft totally irrelevant to
that before them, and he therefore hoped be would
desist.
Mr. A ccoce said. he did not allude particularly
to the gentleman, but he wished him to be heard.
Great marks of disapprobation were manifested,
and Mr. Orme did not rise again.
Mr. Cc•ax thought, when he signed the reqiii-
sition, that the resolution was such as *mild hare
been agreed to by all; as, though men might disagree
in politics, still he thought they were all unanimous
in their opinion of the Volunteers. It was stated
that it was unfit, at the present time, to bring
forward sub a, proposition ; but no aigument
bad been us. -I to prove that it was so, and be
thought that as the Volunteers had now attained
the highest stater of pert r :lion, the thanks of their
countrymen should not be denied to them. Another
reason urged was, that because the army and navy,
who bad fought with so much honour to themselves
and country at the Cape of Good Hope. were not
thanked,- that the services of the Volunteer, should
not be acknowledged. This he thought might have
been au argument to ;taunt the House of Com-
mons from thanking the Volunteers, but it could
not be used in the present assenab'iy, as it
was not usual for them to vote thanks for vic-
tories, and, therefore, they could not aft inconsist-
ently. He then concluded, by saying, that he
thought the resolutions should be agreed to, as some
alteration had been made in their allowances.
Mr. Gamut then spoke shortly in reply.
The previous question was then put, and the
Chairman being unable to decide from the show of
bands, a division took place, but the numbers were
not counted—the previous question being evidently
carried by a large majority.
The thanks of the Eledon were then voted to the
Chairman. and the meeting adjourned.
,L ________._ . .
A sawyer of the name of Walks, was on Sunday
deeded in endeavouring to rob the cherry•orChard
of Mr. Bisuor, of Gillingham, Kent, and bias se-
cured by the persons set to watch the orchard. On
giving his word, however, that he would walk
quietly with them, wherever they wished him to go,
belies Irk to walk without any restraint. He had
met proceeded far, when he turned short upon his
attendants. and pulling out a knife, threatened to
serve them after the Dutch fsr/hoe, if they molested
him. He then made use of such irritating lan-
guage, that one of the men threatened to discharge
his gun at him ; this he disregarded, and running
towards a hedge, was jumping over it. when the
other fired, and wounded him in the posteriors ;
"the wadding of the gun at the same time attaching
itself to his small clothes, was fanned into a flame
by the quickness of his motion, in his eddeavour
so escape. Being very hotly pursued, he darted
across the fields like a blaring meteor, every
now and then striking his hands behind him in
. al o. so allay •the pain he was eadnring, and to ex-
the cause of it ; this, however, he was not
- ebb be au& till one half of his small clothes, a
, t kips metes of his shin, and a part of his jacket
' win •sumummed, and his posteriors and tine thigh
It b ent is a very dreadful manner :—io this miserable
anialtion, he motrtved to reach his own lodging,
. - where he non lies in a very dangerous situation.
During the tremendous storm, on Thursday, as
Jaen Dtioa, a letter-carrier, of the town of Wind.
tor. was delivering his letters, he was struck blind
with the lightning ; and in this truly pitiable condi-
tion-be wad led borne. He is likewise very unwell
Seim the severe shriek which he received.
Dr. Gate, having &defied his course of C.raaio-
logy at Frankfort, has proceeded to his native place,
Tiefenbrunn. near Pforzheim. He has positively
tobogoiabed his journey to Paris.
The Rassian ship Efizeitib, Captain Vrtowea. of
• Revd, bound to Stettin, has been taken by the Swe-
dish frigate the Freya, commanded by Rear•Ad-
miralCsozesraor, and sent to Cailscrotia. '
A letter from Londonderry, dared July IS, says s
• -.so Between the hours of one and two o'clock on
Sattrday morning, the corpse of oar late la-
• sinned Collector arrived at the Carom-house,
and the funeral took place at eight o'clock.
Notwithstandieg the wish of his friends. that
it should be as private as possible, the people
1 4 from all parts of the town assembled in Ship.
quay street. at a eery early boor. ansions to pay
the last tri'-ute of respell to the remains of their
departed friend and fellow-citizen. The differ.
AM city inert, Wile on their parade at 7 o'cleick t
at 0 the melancholy procession moved of.
taring the procession, the New, tender fi• ed minute
s, and all thirthips in the harbour A id their co-
} alf=siast Me. At die gate of the church-
,' f!.- 'cores* leas MI by the Lord Bishop et
• ..• , •-`lO preceded it to the grave. and perf,• r as
ci' •.- ' ; . --.1 service ; after which a des aehment of
t . ;-
.- •- - A r.,1 ni. company west through the
11
wait:.. -r.,..-.; utl dreg over die grave."

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

• FIAMBUXGII MAIL.
.A.44** •
RATISSON, JULY 11.
The Envoy for the Arch-Duchy of Austria, Ba-
ron Fahnenberg, has given in a rescript to the Diet
relative to the eleCtion of the Coadjutor to the Arch.
Chancellor, in which His Imperial Majesty signifies
that this event was to him most unexpeille-d and
extraordinary, and though the Elector Arch-Chan-
cellor of the Empire pre-suppossed the Imperial
consent as certain, His-Majesty was bound by the
capitularies of eleftion to maintain inviolate the
rights of the Chapter of Mentz, on which account
he could not immediately and absolutely decide, but
must maturely consider all the circumstances of the
affair, according to his duty and office as head of
the empire.
Jove 14.
The Chevalier Vanricourt, who returned hither
from Paris on the 9:h instant, has brought an ac-
count that the fate of the German empire has already
been decided by the French Emperor, and that the
declaration relative to it was in preparation. The
courier, who is to bring this declaration, is hourly
expelled here.
As far as we can yet learn concerning the new
order of things, it will be very different from the
former. Among the new EleCtors, is mentioned
also the Prince of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen, who
is to be united to a Princess of the Imperial Hasse.
Many politicians still doubt the speedy departure
of the French army, as they imagine that the
changes in Ragusa will have an important influence
on the decisions of the Court of Petersburg.
BANKS Of Tit; 'MST, JULY 15.
According to accounts contained in several pri-
vate letters, the Courts of Munich, Stuttgardr. and
Carlsruhe, will soon deliver into the Diet at Ratis-
bon. a very important common declaration, relative
to their future conneeion and relations with the
German empire.

ROltr, JUNZ 2.5.
The situation of Gaeta is still the same. The
Prince of Hesse Phtlippsthal keeps up an uninter-
rupted and terrible fire on the works of the be-
siegers, who can carry them on but •ery slowly ;
and. by their own account, will not be able to at-
tempt any thing against the fortress before the end
of July.
Last week it was remarked, that negotiations
were carrying on with the Government of Naples,
but the subje.. them is unknown. On Monday
and Tuesday rt.. fire was made from the fortress,
but since then it has been renewed, and keeps up
without interruption.
The French assert, that its July, they will storm
the fortress with 30,000 men, and they then will
probahly take it; but it will cost them a great
slaughter of their troops. Whether they will ac-
tually make this sacrifice, in order to obtain pos-
session of a fortress, which can be of little use to
Them, as it will always be in the power of the English
to lay it in ruins, from the sea side, in half an hour,
time must shew.
tunes, JUNE 25.
The property of the families who have followed
the old Court of Naples, has been sequestered t and
notice given to the proprietors to return to Naples
by a certain time, on pain of confiscation of that
property
' The report is general Throughout Lower Italy,
that there will be great changes in the Pontifical

State.
'MIN, JULY 19.
The day before yesterday, a Russian Courier ar-
rived here from St. Petersburg; he had made the
journey in a very short time, viz. eight days. The
dispatches he brings, relate to the differences be-
tween our Court and Sweden. Count Stackelberg
had, yesterday morning, an audience of the King,
and afterwards was graciously invited by His Ma-
jesty to dine with him.
• ANOTNRIL LtTTCII, SAME DATE.
The Minister for Mecklenburg. at our Court, has
frequent conferences with Count Haugwita, rela-
tive to the differences which subsist between our
Cabinet and that of Stockholm. The exchange of
couriers between I3etlin, Petersburg!), and Griefs-
wald, is very aetve.
The day before yesterday, the Cabinet Minister
Count Haugwitz, was with His Majesty, at Char.
lnttenburg. Yesterday, he accompan.ed Count
Stackelberg thither, who delivered to His Majesty
a letter front the Emperor Alexander.
YILNNA, JULY 12.
No accounts have yet been received of the sur-
render of Cattaro: all that has bees reported on
that subjea is premature.
Our Court Gazette of this day contains the fol.
lowieg intelligence, under the head Turk, :
" Hostilities between the Turks and the Servian
insurgents on the Drina still continue. The engage-
ment in a wood near Ustieza, in which the former
endeavoured to seize the cattle of the Serviette, ended
;wird. to the disadvantage of the Tusks, who left
Dome hundreds killed and wounded oa the place.
The Servians, within these few days, have likewise
obtained artillery,, which will be employed in be.
sieging Belgrade in form, where the bitterest
enemy of the Sissians since the murder of the Drys,
Kssachanzy Ali. still continues his DAs of violence,
and confines u a prisoner the Governor Suleyman
Pasha. whom he will not rarer to confer on business
with any one, except in his presence. The garrison
consists only of about 2,000 Tanks, capahle of bear-
ing arms, and about 600 Albanese, or Arnauts.
They are in no want of provisions, which are sup-
plied for the most part from Stalin.
On the 1 ith of May, the font ess of Schabaer sur-
rendered to the Servians, who now, in four bo-
dies, near Pascharseaca ; and on the main road to
Constantinople, near F.snptia and Jagodin, watch
the motions of the Turkish armies near Nissa and
Adrianople. kuschansy Ali will now immediately
be renaceril from Belgrade, and succeeded by the
Governor of New Onorva. The mere report of this
change, his caused the greatest joy atweg the Set-

n. law caravan of the holy city of Matra. which
was ea..-ortrd by the Pasha of ram, do Sass. was
attar'', d in I:4 !Mien by a numeross troop of We•
chabite4 ahru, atter a desperate comm. the greater
pan of ttc canna was murdered. sod those w►o
escape.: tLe crd were earned iota slavery.

SPORTING Ii

--••••••••--
BR IGH ruts mAcEs
MONDAY, JULY S.
'Ph e Formant Stakes of 1100ga each. h ft. cola lit 7lb fillies
3lb warranted never tri have been sweated or tried before
the Ist of August, 1805 ; the last mamma half.
Mr. Mellish's Luck's-all, by Stamford, oef of Marchioness I
Lil -Egremotit'a b. e. Trafalgar, by Gehannab, out of
unibug's dam . 2
• •
Gmend Grosvenor's Richard, by his Lord-hip, nut of Nclly 3
His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales's b. c. by Gu-
henna, Out of Colibri . ltd
Ili; Royal Highness the Prince of Wales's Bronze, sister
to C.sstrel . pd
Lord Foley's Zechariah colt, bought of Mr. Buckle Pd
Mr. Howorth'a c. b. by Sir Peter, out of Gnat . Pd
•
Bronze, though entered in th^ tame of His Royal Highness,
is the property of the Hon. R Criven; and Trafalgar belongs
to Mr. Mellish. It was a very .d race. Mr. Mellish, slier
the race, went up to His Royal Highness, and said he had won
.0001. by it. The handicap plate of Sdl. was put aside.
RACES AT BARHAM DOWNS.
MONDAY, JULY 21.
Lord Blaney and Wm-General the Hon. C. Hope, Stiewards.
A gold cup, value 0 guineas, subscribed for by the Officers of
the 13th Light Dragoon:, and ram for by bones being twos
jade their property, ctilymg weight for age: role by Officers
of the Regiment, each staking 10 gutneas.—oTwo mile
heats.
I.ieut. M‘Alistff's ch. g. Sir Robert, by Dots Quixote,
aged . 1 1
Captain Boyse's br. g. Master Telly, aged . .2 2
Lieut. the Hop II R. Lygon's, h. m tiff she goes,6-yrs
old . 3 3
Captain Henry's h. m, Deception, by Whiskey, aril 4 4
Captain White's b g.Slapbang, by Fortunieoged, broke down.
Captain Henry's b. g Arthur O'Bradlay, by Mercury drawn
Tillir; race afforded seine excellent sport r the beta at starting
in favour of Deception.
A match for bags each, one 2-mile heat by Lieut.-Col
Head's ch. h. Favounte, sad Cape. Henry's b. g. Boxer, oohs
by the owners, was won eaailyby Captain Hen'y
There was an assemblage of the principal families, with the
military gantliiitten„ from Canterbury, and all parts of East
Kent, and the course appeared wally as watt attended as in the
rue

sArAL INTELLIGENCE.
PORTSHOUH, JULY 2.5.
Arrived the Thalia frigate, Capt. Walker, with
dispatches, from Bengal ; they are not of any im-
portance, the 7h.,lie being on her return home,
having carried a considerable quanity of specie from
this port ; she came last from St. Helens ; nothing
had been beard there of Sir Home Popham. since
he sailed for the River De La Plata. Governor
Patton had given laave for 300 of the St. Helena
Corps to go on the expedition with him. Also the
Excellext, of 74 gum, ham Lord Collingwood's
fleet ; and the ifs! schooner, with a convoy from the
Downs.—Wind S. Li
FALMOUTH, JULY 2S.
Arrived His Majesty's brig es learner, with a fleet
of coasters from Wales, under convoy ; also the
brig Favourite, Capt. Barr, from Liverpool, with
bale goods, kc. for this port.
Sailed the Towerhend packet, Dodd, with Mails
of the '2lst inst. for Lisbon.
The lira'ringbaw packet, with Mails from thence,
may be daily expoeted.—Wind N.W.
YARMOUTH, JOLT 28.
His Majesty's frigate !Pasch, arrived yesterday
from a quill° in the Greenland Seas, where she fell
in with and captured Le Guerrieri, a French frigate.
of 30 guns, and 400 men, after a chase of twenty
hours. The French frigate has been out of port
four months, and had captured several Greenland
ships, and a vessel belonging to Yarmouth ; the
Captain of which was put on board a neutral vessel
bound to England, and on his passage fell in with
the Blanche, who is indebted to him for the capture
of the frigate, be having given her the situation and
course the enemy was steering, by which be was
enabled to fall in with her.
Arrived the• Bellersp6oa, Tracey, Emerald, and
Ferrety', and remain... 7611 d S.W.
sucvl.B.
His Majesty's shipidnder Vice-Admiral Russel,
via. 31”jeake, Rab.,, Nuaer, Resolarive, and Bellero-
phon sailed yesterday afternoon, to resume their
station off the TexeL
511'1.L, JULY 27.•
The Harmony, one of the four missing Greenland
ships, belonging to this pat, arrived in the Humber,
with eleven fish, sixty tons of oil, left the Lottery (ane-
cher missing ship), oa the 14th instant, in lat. 72.
frith 11 fish. A letter horn Liverpool, add d
to the owners of the Nae Maachmier, Hull, states,
that the Captain of a ship arrived there from
Greenland, parted with the /Yew Mairkemer on the
Bth inst. in let a 1 g but as the New Moneh-ster was
of Shetland on the 9th inst. it is believed to have
been the Old Slaw/eater, a third missing ship. Of
the fourth, the Moly, nothing certain is known.
The Resolot,ole, Scoresby, arrived at Whitby rester.
day, from Greenland, with el. fish, 220 tons ft.,431.
Three days after leaving the ace, passed an English
frigate, with a French frigate in tow. A large
French ship, with English colaurs over the French,
was passed off the Tees, about 13 leagues to the
Eastward. on Friday evening. in company with an
English frigate, and was supposed to be La Garr-
retie probably the sante men by the Etiolation
A knee received here this wasineing Irons Lath,
states, that fourteen sail of vessels from Davis's
Straits and Greenland, were said to have passed
Aberdeen on Monday lase. This, so fa: as mimes
to the Davis's Straits ships. it is feared is unfounded.
neat. JULY till.
Arrived the reseal frigate from • cruise, and
sailed again fee the French coast.
Came down front Sheerness, the ?impel) bomb.
and remains in the Deans with the ships as per last.
wcreee. Ave Vt.
Sailed the Pherair, of Dever. Sutton, with mer-
chandise. for London n and the Taw Frio& of lo-
ver, Cramp, with merchandise, foe Guernsey.
Came in the ((pewee/. of Tonsbevg, Gandersrma,
with Lentos a-id deals. front Alstwsvasd. for Do-
ver; Mary /se, of itochister, Jones, with timber
and deals. 'from rartll''.3lll. for Dover I and the
Lireseey, of %animate. Hill, with the befts.r. of
the East Eases Militia, hum Glasgow, last *tom
Itamegate.
