MEETING OP LINA. N-DR AliE I?.S. SR OPM EN. Played rindrilify, and acted a noble part. They shoukl have credit' LINEN TRADE OF IRELAND.
—... or it. I have been spending my afternoon among a few friends
A Meeting of Auletant Linen drapers, Haberdashers. Silk- (roars of laughter), and hate not any thing written down on ili
mercers, Hosiers, ste. of the metropolis, was last night held at the subject of the employers and their anarnity. Howsomever,
Crown and Anchor Tavern, for the purpose of takatg into conai. hereby propose a vote of thanks to the masters, and, moreover,
deration the Resolutions agreed to at the previous meetings of their I'll second it I i
employers, with regard to the propriety of Closing their shops at an The facetious gentleman attempted to sit down amid roars of
cattier hour than that at present in use. The Meeting was further laughter and applause, but whether he effected his purpose "mis-
called with the view of submitting to it certain rules and regula. factorily or not is more than we can say.
dons for the establishment of a Society to carry into effect this and Sundry individult lose Id becoutt the resolution, which was m-
other objects. reed by acclamation.
''t Gentleman

At a quarter hefore nine o'clock, upwards of 200 individuals being
pre.ent, ilr. Iliss was called to the chair.
The Citatamalt informed the Illeeting that in consequence of

•
A _ came forward fns the purpose, as he said, of dis-
abusing the public mind, and abusing the Moraine Herald. ;Ind
haying spent a moderate , of time in amusing the meetin)

the suggestion of the linen-drapers assistants., the Masten had
held two meetings, to consider what alteration in the present hours
of business were desirable and practicable, and had come to the
resolution that the time foe closing their shops should be in
future as follows the months of November, December, Janu-
ary, and February, at meveh o'clock in the evening ; in March,
April, September, and October, at eight; in May, June. July,
and August, at nine o'clock I and one hour later on Saturdays.
This was proposed by their employers as an amendment on tint
original Resolution of the ahopmen, which was to the effect that
the hours of discontinuing business should be seven o'clock la
die six winter and eight o'clock in the six summer months.
k'or his part, he could not avoid saying that he thought their
employers hail conceded a great deal in recognising the pro.
priety of an alteration in the existing hours of business ; and as
their principals had proposed a modified arrangement, he felt
happy in proposing to the assembly to meet them half way, and
concur in the projected alteration, which, however it might deviate
from the original design, watt still a pan of it, and fully ademitted
the propriety of the principle on which they had acted. (Applause.)
The Chairman was then proceeding to put the amended Reso-
lution relative to the hours of concluding business, when
It was suggested by a person present that it would be more re-
gular if the intended Resolution *ere duly proposed and seconded
previous to its being put from the chair.
The propriety of this suggestion was acceded to, and an indivi-
dual rose for the purpose of moving the resolution with due for-
mality ; and in doing so, begged to be permitted to observe, that,
in his opinion, the respectability of their respective trades had been'
injured, and wax likely to be farther lowered, by a continuance of
tfie present system as tar as it regarded the hours allotted to busi-
ness, and the severe calls made upon the time and labour of the
assistant. The body of shopkeepers in question was, in fact, placed
below every other class of society, and deprived of all those relax..
Lions and privileges enjoyed by the lowest mechanic. fills must
be admitted, when it was considered that many of them laboured
18 hours a day and upwards, and wars in an infinitely worse situa-
tion than almorsoany Rther members of society. He wished to pro-
pose to the consideration of the Meeting the propriety of establish.
mg a register office, where the employer might be enabled
to find an misistatit, and the person in want of employment
find a situation. in addition to this, a society were formed,
which should have for Its objects the promotion and defence
of their several interests, and should also provide an allowance
for the support of decayed members of the society who might
hereafter fall into distress, he considered it would be attended with
very beneficial results.
The resolution respecting the hours of closing, as amended, was
then seconded and put.
The CHAIRMAN requested all who concurred in its propriety to
hold up their hands.
Straightway a honest of hands,
" frequent and thick as are the leaves,
In Vallambrosa,"
shot up !
The show of hands on the contrary side of the question was con.
fined to three or four individuals.

po .tan g,
Another individual wishedrtion to make a SiMpie observation..ox A
per.
son had come forward to oppose a resolution who was not a draper,
nor the son rf a draper! (Hear.) That individual was not a Chris.
don 1 (Order, 4nd go bn.) Mr. Chairman, will you hear me?
(Hear, hear.) The man 1 speak of, who is neither Christian nor
Draper, though he comes here among those who arc both, was seen
in conversation with Dr. Taylor op professes the unchristian religion.
(Name, nathe; order, order.) Mt. Chair, am 1 out of order P
The Chairdtan decided he was.
Several Gentlemen wished to know where copies of the rules
were to be had, and other information obtained.
The Chairman said it should he announced in Thursday's paper.
Soveral voices.—" Not in the Herald ! !!"
The names of the Committee were read and agreed to with
ttnamify quite satisfactory to the gentleman who had been spending
the afternoon with his friends.
Thanks were voted to the Chitirman for his very tilde conduct in
the chair, and the Meeting adjourned sine node, several of the
Members being apprehensive of being locked out of their quarters.

The CHAIRMAN—" I call upon the gentlemen who hold up their
hands In opposition to the resolution to state their reasons. The
meeting will be happy to hear them." (Applause.)
An individual in the crowd—." Pray, Air. Chairman, is this re.
gular ? You come to establish a Soeiety—ahould not the rules on
which you would establish it be first read previous to going into
other matter ?" (Some disorder.)
The CHAIRMAN—" The rules were read and agreed to on a fer-
met occasion. Since then they have undergone some alterations.
and if it is the wish of theassembly, they shalt be read as amended."
(Loud anti tumultuous cries of " read, read," and " no, no," from
all quarters.)
After some additional discussion the reading of the rules was
postponed till a further stage of the proceedings.
A Person rose—we beg pardon, came forward—most of the
orators were on their own own legs or those of the forms during the
night, eagerly awaiting an opportunity to measure out their elo-
quence to the audience without stint or restriction. I think the first
resolutions of the Shopmen—(some indignation at the use of this
unluckly term was here manifested)—l beg pardon, the assistants
(Applause loud and long) was good, anti that our employers
should not alter or oppose them. The commonest mechanics are
not afraid of combining to oppose their masters, anti I ask, are the
linen-drapers assistants afraid to open their mouths ?—(With
great energy, which called down corresponding applause.) Are
you afraid of men not at all above you, and whose capacity I should
blush to own ? (Vehement applause.) I approve of the Society.
I approve of combination. 1 approve of the Register-oflice,
approve of every thing but the resolution that has just passed, and
that is the reason fur why I held up my hand. (Thunders of ap-
plause, and shouts of laughter.)
A second individual expressed himself dissatisfied at the warmth
manifested by the last speaker. (Applause and hisses.) It was
ill calculated to serve the cause. (Hear.) Theirs was a state of
drudgery and slavery ; (hear, and cries of " No, no;") but they
should accede to the proposal of their employers, which might
mititigate the severity of their eervitude. A. opposition to that
resolution would not insure success to their wishes. (Hear and
hisses.)
Another Gentleman Shopman begged leave, most solemnly, to
deprecate the imputations attempted to be cast by a portion of the
Public Press upon the virtuous anti moral race to which he had the
honour to belong. (Hear.) They had head of oystershops, ta-
verns, and coffeehouses (hear, and laughter), and it had been
basely asserted, that if the proposed indulgence were granted, their
time would be occupied in attempting to seduce servant-maids and
opera girls. (Laughter.) Now did ever any one hear of such a
calumny ? (Cries of no, no.) He was sure not ; and yet here
were imputations cast on the fair fame of an innocent and injured
class of people ! Some such characters there might be among
them he was ready to admit. but that did not form a cause for why
they should be indiscriminately stigmatised " as walking four
abreast" in one mass I (Applause and loud laughter.)
A Gentleman, whose name we understood to be RAir, now ad-
vanced to express his concurrence in the proposition of their em-
ployers. It as nine o'clock an unreasonable hour to conclude
business in the summer months? Ile thought not! They all
knew as how the weather had been very hot this year, so much so
that ladies could not come out for their necessary purposes to make
purchases till after sun-set (a laugh), and were they to require
their fair customers to spoil their complexions or submit
their delicate frames to the oppression of a vertical sun, or,
in the event of the ladies declining to undergo the grievances,
were their masters to be the sufferers, and keep their goods on hand ?
He thought not ! Neither of these disagreeable alternatives shourd
be resorted to through the means of the shopmen, that was, the
assistants ! Besides, in his opiaion, the assistants ought not to be
saucy, (hisses, hear, and • laugh,) and throw in their employers'
teeth the liberty they were disputed to afford them. He had heard
some suggestions of the confusion that would atteud the adoption
of differant hours of closing in different months; but what confit.
sion could take place so long as they had the almanack to refer to
' and see what month it was. (A laugh.) He repeated there could
he no confusion about so simple a matter, among persons of intel-
lectual attainments. (Hear.) Had not they their mental faculties
and the almanack to guide them . (A laugh, And cries of yes,
yes, to be sure.) Assistants were sometimes engaged 18, 18, or 20
hours ! (A person in the crowd, " Aye 21 hours fer the matter o'
that") Ile himself had been often engaged 20 hours, so he could
speak from unhappy experience, having risen frequently at six, and
dragged his weary bones up stairs to bed, at .two in the morning,
for the purpose of sleeping till six again ; and then going through
his days labour, and again taking his " toilsome rest." (Hear.)
A 81r. BALCH said that the individual who had first opposed
the Resolution that hael been carried, was neither a mercer, a
draper, or a haberdasher, and what right had he to oppsse it : (hear)
seeing lie was neither a mercer, a draper, nor yet a haberdasher ?
(Cheers.)
Some further desultory conversation and miscellaneous speeches
having taken place,
It was agreed the rules and regulations of the Society of Assist.
ants should be read,

I'hey were read accordingly, and began like an Act of Parlia.
W
ment, with a " hereas, and ended with " a penalty of flve
shillings."
Mr. BALCII begged leave to

propose a new regulation, to the
effect; " that every metnber convicted of immorality or dishonest
conduct, should be forthwith expelled the Society."
A MEMBER wished to know what immoral conduct -

. was ? (A
langh.)
Alr. BALCH—As the gentleman thinks " immorality" so vague
as liv— . a definition, I consent to - ' it out of the question.

The Select Committee appointed to consider the hurt which regu
late the Linea Trade of Ireland, particularly au It as relate to
Foreign Linen fart and Foreign dressed Flax, and to report
their opinion and obserration■ thereupon nom time to time to
the House;—have furthe: considered the Nlatters referred to
them, and agreed upon the following Report :
Among tilt many Parlisttchtgry inquiries which have
lately been." into the internal condition of Irelghd,

Made h.
your- Committte 11-0 that the stitdeet referred to thew for
investiggtion is amongst the most i ; inasmuch

most ittqrortat.
the linen manufacture (tracing it through all its various
stages, from the culture of the flax to the weaving of the
linen,) affcrils employment and support to a far greater
portion of the 'peoldeuf that Outlay thin any other branch
of public indtistry, and is intitilately Connected with the
peace and prosperity of Ireland.
Your Committce accordingly entered oh the subject sub•
milted to their consideration with an anxiety proportionate
to its importance, and called before them several witnesses
well informed in the business of thellinen trade, as it is
carried on in Ireland, and some persons also, who are ex-
tensively engaged in it in England and Scotland. Your
Committee have thereby been enabled to compare the
rent habits of pursuing the same manufacture in different
parts of the same empire.
The evidence of these witnesses is annexed td this nes,
port, together with an Appendix, Containing a acumen'
illustrative of the origin of the manufaCture in Ireland.
and its continued claitn to Parliamentary support ; also re-
turns showing the present extent of the trade, the expends
of the establishment under the direction of the Linen
Board, and the appropriation Of their funds. Your Corn,
mittee have likewise subjoined several resolutions, contain,
ing their opinions upon some of the principal (litigious of
their inquiry, which have been already feported to the
House; but in presenting them again as a putt of their
Find Report, they deem it necessary to accortipeuy them
with a te* observaticihs.
In considering the lAws relating to the linefi trade of
Ireland, your Committee found that many of them, which
were deemed wise and necessary at the time of their enact-
ment, have become inapplicable to the present usage of the
trade, aid if now enfbrced would prattles great inconVeni4
nee, and ought therefore tb be repealed; and ith others of
them required much revision and amendment, your Corn.'
mittee have therefore thought it expedient to pfopose the
consolidation into one act of All such provisions as ate
found to be necessary for the future regulation Of the trade.
A Bill for this purpose has been accordingly prepared,
which does not, however, notice the duty on the imports•
tion of foreign dresses' flax, a reduction of which duty,
already recommended by your Committee in their first Re-
port, has been adbpted and provided for in the Customs
Bill.
The inspectilin of fbrelgn flax-seed by a publie oeer oft
importation, for the purpose of ascertaihing its soundness
and fitness fbr sowing, had hitherto been carefully provided
las has,

for by law. The necessity of such inspection how-
ever, been lately questioned; and, pursuant to a recom-
mendation of your Committee, the Bill provides for the
repeal of such inspection from and after the Ist of July
1826; by which time the policy of continuing that inspects
tion, in respect to Which there ckiats so much diversity of
opinion, may be further ebnsidered Mid investigated.
It has appeared to your Committee, that the preparation
and management of Irish-grown flax are extremely defec-
tive, and very injuriously so to the cultivators and manta.:
facturers, and ought to be brought to public market in a
elate perfectly free from any fraudulent mode of making it
up that could impose upon a purchaser; and it has been
made clear to your Committee, from the evidence of intel4
ligent persons, that Irish-grown flax, if properly managed
and judiciously made up for sale in a clean and uniform
state, would eventually supply the British manufbcturer ofz
linen, and thus become a branch of very profitable export.
With respect to foreign and British yarns, your Com-
mittee recommend that they should be henceforth exempted
from all examination by a public officer; but that the
existing regulations, in regard to the sale of Irish yarns
and brown linens, should be continued under certain mo-,
difications and diminutions of penalties, but with this pro-
vision, affecting each of these three different brances of the
trade, that none of these regulations shall affect any Irish
flat, or Irish yarn, or Irish brown linen, except such as
shall be exposed to sale in public and open market; leav4
ing, at the same time, all persons free to sell at other times
and places, when and where they may think most conk
venient.
But while, from an Untvillingness to forte any hasty
changes upon the settled habits of a people long engaged in
an established manufacture, your Committee thus recom-,
mend to the Legislature the policy of continuing to give a
legal sanction to some parts of the system of regulation by
*lnch it has been governed, they still hold it 0 be their
'duty to this House, as well as to those who are engaged itt
the linen trade of Ireland, to state unreservedly their own
opinions upon this most important subject.
The system of conducting the linen manufaCture in
England and Scotland, as described to your Committee by
the witnesses from those countries, appears to be in many
instances preferable to that which is pursued in Ireland.
The different branches of the trade in Great Britain are
divided among different persons, each of those branches
becoming a separate business in itself ; and this division of
labour necessarily leads to a better economy of time, and
the production of more even and better fabricks, all which
advantages might be gradually introduced Into Ireland s
and it is only by gradual measures these improvements can
be obtained.
Your Committee abstain from offering any opinion on
the policy of collecting the peasantry into towns or villages,
or disturbing their present habits of mixing agricultural
with manufacturing occupation.
With a view to the introduction of this improved divi-
sion of business, your Committee would chiefly direct the
attention of the Linen Board to forward, by every Meant
in their power, all possible improvement in the eultitation
and the dressing of the flax. The efforts which the Board
have already made towards encouraging the erection of flax
mills, should therefore be followed up with increased sex,
iety, so as to have the flax brought to matket in the cleanest
condition and at the cheapest rate.
Your Committee are disposed to dwell upon this subject.
as it is of considerable importance, not merely to the into*
rests of Ireland, but to those of the empire at large; for so
long as we are obliged to import from foreign eountries this
elementary part of the linen manufacture, so long must
those countries who engage in that manufacture themselves,
possess an advantage over our own; and there is every rea-,
isompnrtoovd
believe that
treatment
oreflahnetrl,
flax,byan
might,extedeodi
tehooltukt,aattioannant
en-
croaching upon the quantity necessary for her home cone
sumption, supply the demands of the British market.
Next in importance to the dressing of the flax, is the
spinning and sale of the yarn, which, from the evidence

liefore your Committee,are carried on iu Ireland in a way very
capable of improvement. It has beta stated to you? Coin.
mii the Irish

Antee, that spinner too often endeavours to gel
the greatest possible length of thread out of a given quan-
tity of flax, without any regard to what may be the quality

of that thread when proilneCd. Thus, four to five hinks o►
yarn are often spun ont of that quantity of flax, which, to
hat,* '
