I

1

i

I

~

FORMATION OF

THE NORTH EAsT InsTRIcT SCHOOL
soCitsTY.

Yesterday a Public Meeting was held at the City
of London Tavern, for the formatioss, in the North-
mist District of the Alletropolis. of a School Society,
one the Plate of the British and Foreign School
Institution ; his Royal Highness the Duke of
thlUsssa in the Chair, supperted by the Right
Rev. site 1.11,11 Bishop of Nouwlt.ll, Geo. Byes,
Esq. 11.11. and several other distinguielied eh*.
raeters.
His Royal Highness, ou taking the Chair, said,
• that In. twosome" iss it that day 'levied the tuterest
be felt in their object, as 1w (shouted under amen-
, diapririlion. which, were not the cell so strong,
would have compelled him to remain at house.—
, ( Applause.)
Mr. Wm. A L LEI opened the business of the (lay.
On the subject of education, he sail. there was now
bat out opinion, and the only cmr•iderstiou
nearly was. how that ol,nnuss could he best prii.
rooted. The worthy Geutlemen proceeded to en-
force, is an impressive manner. the necessity of
closely festering and improvieg the habits of the
lower classes of society, no whose morals end ac.
lions ass mach of the well-being of the community
depended ; and he asked ise what seamier could this
great object be pr tad but by the general data.
woo or Out-Mims among them. When it were ne-
cessary that this diffusion should embrace so wide
' alipberv, testimony was swat to be considered-..and
whet sonsteus presented it.elf in this respect in so
:Imposing alight as that of the British and Foreign
School Society. where so much was done. and at
as 'sewage !spew. in large schools. of no snore
than ewe or we shillings for each person, and in
smolt awes not exceeding eight or eime
, Theme Schools were massaged by a proper system,
. •
Os a good General conducted the affisirs of ass army,
by a Weil-directed application of the efforts of those
who held subordinate rank under loin. Good or-
. der and peaceable habits must follow the universal
extension of education in society.— (, rlpplatese.)
—Mach had been said on the subject of religious
,tisstraction at Schools, but where these were coin-
gamed of mixed sects, he saw too way of promoting
religious iustruction, except by inculcating into
eseftr sect the paramount tweet...iv of silence; on
this Ssrlilatth to its own religious Pastor—in vain
wordet the great work of edueation go on in large
Ciglahosities. if theme distatictions were not ob-
seared ; lied they were surely the hest allies of the
Established Church who took its children from
the contagion of the highways, peer them the
bible to learn, and instilled into them the proper
1/011111StIll11 of moral instruction. and thee on the
Seltbetit sent them to their awn religious instruc-
toos.--(4pplause.)--The General School Su-
cieties,_ these. were a sort of delegated slurp-
Jarrecsrls collected the scattered flocks, awl led
then kr'. their several, lulls.—(Hear, bean)—
! • • - IQ& their explained the immure immediate biati orb* of
thiepresent Meelieg, winch was to fortis a complete
survey Of the towth-east district of Loudon. and
essiabbsie ►
therein a sehool or schools, on the British
mid Foreign Plan. Ile forcibly urged the siecersity
of endeavouring, as muds as 'Kimble, to identity
the poorer clamed themselves in the undertaking,
and-take from them whatever trivial pecuniary as.
they could afford. He cu t.red notch at
large tutu the present flourishing situation of the
parent IromtiStiois, of which he was Treasurer, and
the great itiisrmintition of education it had caused
nil over the 5r0,141. In Ireland it was proceeding
rapidly ; ur France it was spreading every where
through the &Wets of the Cover 00000 esst of that
country; sit Spain, where their relict-Amiens§ were
out saligniiw, something was yet &msg. Prince
Esterhiszy, the Duke of Saxe-Weiniar, and other
Princes, had taken * lively interest its its progress in
Germany. Its the Fast and West Indies, the same
happy prospect had been opened. Its America.
where hitherto it was only known by books, its in-
detelice was felt so strongly, that the most esicou-
levies prospects were held out for practical instruc.
taws to settle in that continent. In Africa it was
also extending ; ested in the settlement of Sierra
Leone. mere than 1,000 lead now been instructed.
'From Christophe, at Hayti, the most flattering
cot 00000 unicateon had beets received through his Mi-
vaster, Count Limoinple, who had received an in.
structor fur thew schools from this country, who. in
Iris letter. expressed the anxiety of his master,
" For the propagation of human knowledge,
leaviag every person free to serve the Almighty
its his owu manner."—(Great applarse.)—fle
hoped, that, whatever rivalry existed between
this Satiety end the National une, was a rivalry to
do good—though he thought they had to complain
of the efforts of some men. from the episcopacy
dowse to the churchwarden, who had used miworthy
efforts on the occasion ; even ploschial bounty was,
he knew, denied to some of the pour who would
cot send their children to the National Schools.—
The worthy Geetleman concluded by paying
jest tribute to the efforts of the Dukes of Kent and
Sussex, who. as well as their Royal Father, had
been ibe steady frietels of ibis Institution in its
struggling days, and by proposing a Resolution
for the formation of the new local Society.
Mr. BUXTON seconded this mutton in ass elo-
quent speech. He forcibly pointed out the merit-
usable value of education, and its great moral in-
devisee its society. and illustrated its importance by
referring within nor own kingdom to the different
state of the pollutant's' of two countries, in one
of which *ducat, 0000 was universal, and in tlw other
but comparatively diffused—he meant Scotland and
Ireland : in the former, industrious habits prevailed,
and crime was happily but rare—its the latter, how
defferent was the picture ! Ile had resided fur a
considerable time in Ireland. In making the
combo!' which he had drawn, he meant to cast no
imputation upon her people. fur lie did not believe
there was on the fate of the earth a people more
highly gifted by nature in tenet of intellect, or
with warmer or more susceptible hearts.—(dp-
plause.)—But the fault lay in the neglect of time
interests of that country—she was now nearly 700
years under the rule of this country, to which it
was a just reproach, that until lately the general
education or her people was a subject of so little
general consequence. The eloquent Gentleman
concluded by saying, that much yet remained to
lie done. but he referred to the efforts of last year
its the north-east district, as 1111eWilig that per!,tser.

once was only neceetiary to call forth that spirit of
public benevolence, .which in this country was ever
sure to attend It good cause.—(Applastse.)
The Rev. H. F. BERNARD, sit proposing the
second Resolution, enforced the necessity of active
exertions in forth-erne of the interests of the New
Institution. lie lila be was seconded by the Rev.
Mr. liARTha.
The Lord Bishop of Noewtot rose, and was re-
ceived with loud and reiterated applause. He
mod, that he rose with peculiar satisfaction to make
the motion which had been jest put into his hand,
and when he stated to the Meeting that it was in-
tended to convey an acktiowledgment to their Royal
Highnesses the Dukes of Kent and Sussex for their
constant support of public benevolence, he was sure
they would agree to it with the same eatisfaction he
kit at submitting it to their approbation.—(Great
epplause.)—Before he sat down, he would trouble
the Meeting with a few words on the business of the
day. It had been very properly said, that there was
stow no necessity of dwelling on the object of the
Meeting, with a view to inculcate into any man's
mind the necessity of a general diffusion of educa-
tion—all opposition to such au op • • had now
happily ceased. In looking at this subject, he
could not conceal the deep feeling of regret he had
felt at perusing, a day or two ago, in one of the
public prints, an account of the state of Newgate,
sheeting the alarming prevalence of juvenile de-
pravity, where four childen were in irons, and
under sentence of death, one of them not more
then nine years of age. This was a fact call-
ing for the immediate attention of all good
men—the evil called for the application of au
immediate remedy, and he knew of but the
spreading of the linititution then before them.—he
knew of no other way but by the careful and ac-
tive diffusion of education among the lower daises,
that this growing evil could be effectually met...-.
was not now he repeated a question of doubt-
ful disputation, whether education be or be slot
conducive to order or good morals to society. No
snail was now so bereft of his senses as to make the
*object a matter of argument. M'ell had the Le-
gislature of Pennsylvania tarter years ago laid down
the wholesome maxim. that it was far better to pre-
vent crimes throb to puisish thefts, and that to inform
and reform the illicit race eras better (hats to ',mush
111111 eater 11l ill ate it. They hail a line practical ex-
ample of the success of so besacv,ileist a plan in the
state presented by it bn.li of their fellow christians,
one of the most of whom had that day
addressed them (Mr. Wm. Allele of the Society of
Friends). That bode. be eiliicaliog their youth,
hail done mitre to IL hein 'lie ito.r-ils of mankind
than all the Giivernments oil had done by
gibbets mid wets. It hail been a.st 11.11, awl not
without that tot Giveiiiineiit had u legal
right to influ t capital punishment upon its sub•
jects, mitil it had taken the 'wiper 1,111113 Lll instruct
elw lower ranks in the moral oat tire of their duties.--
(Applause.)—They had hi en well si R i ed to the
cast of Scotland. Fielding, who haul so ;natty years
efficiently presided at the Bow-street (office, had
otter told a friend of his (the Illshop's), that its the
course of a very twig period, he had never brought
before lout, its his in igisterial capacity, more than
six Sontelitheo. Such was the state of education in
that country, that proper subortlinetion was infused
intothe minds of the people, and such world he al-
ways found the result of au nuiverod system of edit.
cation. An allusion hail been made to the National
System of Education, which was confined to those of
the Established Church. Its limiting at that Insti-
tution. mud at the British a.i,l Foreign one, lie
would not scruple this day, w the face of the pub-
lic, to avow his decided preference to the latter—
(Great applause)--end to asset t its better chaitu to
the appellation of National than the one which had
it, however meritorious were its objects. He
begged to be unequivocally understood as appre-
ciating the merits of the National System, and of
being ready to do all in his power to promote it;
but at the same bine he would not conceal his pre-
ference for this system, brcanse it had toothitig of
exclusion in its plan or character.—(Applause.)—
He ardently wished prosperity to both, and to the
one would say, whets it spoke of the other, s. Go,
thou and do likewise."—(App/tease./—They had
the greatest encouragement from Royal patronage,
particularly from that of their Royal Chierineis and
his Royal Brother, who were the subject of the Re-
solution he held in his hand, and whose universal
attention to every useful and charitable institution,
had been bong and deeply acknowledged by every
well-thinking being in this etilighteued metropolis.
—(Great applause. j
GEORGE BYNG, F.:,(1. M.P. seconded this mo-
tion, and concurred in the tribute it paid to three
illustrious characters. thi the general mote of
society in this country, he thought it more eir-
lightened in the tipper and middle clams, than the
same ranks abroad—lint Ise feared that the lower
classes at home were more prone to crime, than
people of the seine station in other states. Ile was
therefore strongly in favour of education, to remedy
this evil.
His Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex. iu
returoing thanks, expressed the great pleasure lie
felt at finding his name is-sot-Wed with his Royal
Brother's in the motion which had just barn so
flatteringly carried. If he endeavoured to follow
up the view of education which had been so niuch
better elucidated by the Gentleman who had pre-
ceded him. he would be only weakening the effect
of what they had already heard. Ills Ilou. Friend
near him (Mr. Byng), had just said, that he thought
the lower classes of society in this country were
more vicious than the same class elsewhere. This.
his Royal Highness would deny. Ile was indeed free
to admit that here there was a snore numerous list
of crinsivals; but the reason of it was, that here
the law takes cognizance ()fa far greater portion of
minor offences than the laws of other States resider
penal—and in tins alone the difference consisted.—
It was the policy of this country honestly to expose
a criminal, while in others they concealed
them.—(Applause.)—As to the cause or educa-
tion, lie was satisfied it moist * 'enmity triumph;
and. said his Royal Hightwss, in conclusion, " it
shall triumph, and this to the only arbitrary word 1
still ever use."—(Great applause.)
The Rev. Rowl.Aun RILL ruse to move the
Thanks of the Meeting to the Marquis of Tats-
stock. It had been well said, that where educe-
tion prevailed, tiolvrtety mid industry flourished—
where it was not found, barbarism blackened the
surface of society, if that could be called society

~.

-

where every man resigned himself to his own pas-,
sions sod depraved appetites. Solomon had, us his
Book of Proverbs, most admirably
.enforced the
necessity of education, and described the desolate
condition of man when divested of this blessing.
Thousands of poor children were yet unedu-
cated, and from their ranks the lists of crime
were daily filled. Among these poor wretches
many a tine mind and good disposition may have
been planted by nature, but left for the want
of cultivation in a state of rank weed. As to the
state of c this country, he would not say
much—though he could hardly avoid tosschiog
upon a measure which had agitated conflicting
politicians, he meant the suspension of the Habeas
Corpus Aer. If this was intended by Ministers as
a means of removing the evils of the country, all
he would say i►► answer was, that the expedient ap-
peared as rational as to burn London to exterminate
the bugs.—/Loud laughter).—Let the people, lie
would say, be educated, and then the few ignorant
demagogues that lay at the bottom of society
may rove about unnoticed and forgotten. Indeed,
in point of personal convenience, the Government
ought to look a little more to the education of the
people; for it would save them a great deal of
the trouble they are obliged to take, if they
assisted effectively in promoting the general
diffusion of knowledge, and then, with the
blessing of God, the pour people would be
able to govern themselves. The Noble Prelate
liras him, the good Bishop of Norwich, was a
better ('Mend to the Established Church than
any of these who pretended to be the loudest
bowlers in its support—(Applause/—he took a true
view of the hest interests of society, and the most
perfect view of the sound doctrines of Christianity,
which as a Pastor it was his duty to inculcate.—
(Load appluuse.)—He forgot to tell them what
perhaps they all knew—(A laugh/—that the Mar-
quis of Tavistock, to whom he was about to move
Thanks, was the heir apparent to the Duke of
Bedford—a member of that illustrious House of
Russell, which from generation to generation Eng-
lishu►en were taught to revere as the hereditary de-
pository of patriotism and virtue. There was no
fear of soy Institution while it could boast such
Patrons as this.—(Great applause.)—He begged
pardon of the Royal Chairman, who was an enemy
to long speeches, for making this long sort of a
short sprech.—( Mach !caresser tau' appluuse.)
Mr. Macxxum seconded this motion, which
was unanimously carried.
The Royal Chairman read a letter from the
Marquis of Tavistock, lamenting his unavoidable
absence from the Meeting, but enclosing his sub-
►enptson of 201.—/Applause./
Several other Resolutions for appointing the
different officers for the new Institution were then
severally proposed and adopted.
The Thanks of the Meeting were then voted to
the Duke of Sussex fur his conduct its the Chair.
His Royal Highness contributed 5/. to the funds
of the Institution ; the Bishop of Norwich 3!.
mutually, the same amount he gives to the Na-
tional Schools.
S'evasal other • sums wept subscribed by the
Ladies, who funned a large part of the numerous
company presets'.

REPRESENT4TION OF DURHAM.

M. A. Taylor, Esq. has, in compliance s. ith the
request of a large body of the freemen, offered limn-
self as a Casidida'e for the City of Durham, at the
next General Election. On Tuesday se' ght Mr.
Taylor met the freemen at the Town-hall, which
was crowded to excess, when he addressed them in
substance as follows, and was repeatedly inter' opted
with land marks of approbation :
Mr. TAYLOR, after acme introductory matter,
said, that he had been long allied to the County of
Durham by family ties and connexions, and by a
strong interest which he always felt in rendering
service when he had the power to do so ; and fur
the many assurances he had received of having de-
served the good opinions of the frcemen of that city,
lie had long had a desire to represent them in Par-
liament, and this desire arose front a consciousness
that he would serve them faithfully. The time for
a General Election was fast approaching; if Minis-
ters did not dissolve Pailiament till the end of its
term, it would even then be dissolved in the pre-
seat year. He had been called upon, and he,
therelorr, being now at liberty, thought A his duty
to attend to the call. He wished to be understood as
not coining forward soliciting their auffiages for the
purpose of serving some selfish end. He bad no
selfish interest to serve, and w9ulti serve no interest
but that of his constituents and the country. No !
he had never gained one farthing by his seat in
Pediment, but he had spew thousands. Promises
were empty things, without they were acted up to.
He appealed to the freemen, if he did not at all
times, when applied to, do every thing to the ut-
most of his power for their interest.—(" Always !
always 1" front &Jima parts of the Hall.)—The
poor soldier and arsloir, or their widows and orphans,
in distress, had ever been objects of his particular
care. He had done a great deal in procuring sums
due from the Public Offices for soldiers' widows
and others, and had succeeded after they themselves
had repeatedly applied, when they received no
other answer than a most imperative frown, with
44 You must call again, I am busy now."—(A
laugh.)—The poor, and indeed every one who up.
plied to him for his assistance, whether in Durham,
Sunderland, Stockton, or Newcastle, or in any
other place, always found IR him a ready warrior of
their rights, and in rendering service he always felt
great pleasure, particularly in such cases as were
deverving of his attention and care. He bad seen
many country gentlemen since he came into this
neighbourhood, all of whom gave bum sanguine
hopes 01 success. He did not conic to serve any
party, he belonged to none—he came to serve the
City of Durham, as requested, and let who would
conic forward to oppose him, he had determined
to stand to the last.

It would be necessary for him to say something
of his past conduct during a terrier of many years
for his country. and of his present political opinions.
Hr belonged to no party. Ile gut into Parliament
by his own gond chanscier. He never gave his vote
to MilMier*, but when he coaseiencioubly believed

he was dung his country 4 service; siul when he
opposed .Isussteras he fofluweil equally the dictates

of a heart true to Isis country's cause. Tie had
been frequently offered place, but he would never
accept it. lie challenged any man to contradict
him, and he would answer him.—(Applause.)—
How did the freemen of Durham like the Habeas
Corpus Suspension Act? This Act he had opposed
in every stage of its progress through the House, as
he conceived it an intrusion on the just rights of
the subject, without any cause sufficient to warrant
its being passed having been bhewn by Mosisters.
[Mr. COOPER 1,-re presented himself, and said, the
Suspension Act was the best Act ever passed. Upon
this observation great confusion took place, mid
hisses, groans, and cries of " Put him out !"—" Put
him oat !" resounded from all parts of the Hall.]
Mr. TAYLOR here interposed, and begged that
the person should remain. that he might have the
opportunity to answer him. He would ask him, if
he would like to be dragged sway from the bosom
of his family, shut up in a loathsome prism', where
none of his friends or relations could have ac-
cess to him. and at the same time be kept igno-
rant ol• the offence he had committed, or when
he would be brought to trial ? Mr. Taylor then
endeavoured to exemplify his argument on the
impropriety of the Suspension Act, by citing the
cases of the stale prisoners, recently liberated by
orders from the Secretary of State. He was a
friend to Trial by Jury ; before twelve honest Jury-
men of his country no ocent mail need to be
afraid of being arraigned. He was also a friend of
peace, which he would always support. Ile would
never go to war till compelled to it. But, how-
ever strongly lie might advocate peace, he would
never see an insult, or act of violence committed
on any of his Majesty's subjects, whether on a per-
son of rank, or on a poor sailor of the navy, either
by a Spanish Potentate, or by any posies oil eattlu,
without immediately offering protection to the
ut-
jured, even at the price of war. He mss MI enemy
to the tax upon property. During the war, what-
ever he thought of its justness, he did not think
•the Property Tax could be done without ; but
when the war was brought to a close, aml a proper
opportunity servril, he never was wanting at his
post, till he had succeeded in removing from the
shoulders of his countrymen that most oppressive
tax, which they hail so long borne with patience.
When the proposal was brought forward by that
excellent man, Mr. Fox, to double the original
Five per Cent. Tax, lie had opposed it, us he could
not conscientiously sanction such is measure. The
Corn Bill be had opposed, becanse he considered
its passing into a law, to be injurious to the poor
and the mechanic. Did any of them like slavery ?
He had, at all times, when the subject was brought
before the House, taken an active part to abolish
the Slave Tratle, and as there was still room for im-
provement in the present law on that subject, he
would always use every possible means to obtain
the complete abolition of that degrading trallio. Ile
was an enemy to all sinecure places, and unmerited
pensions. He detested the too frequent practice
of putting into the pockets of worthless indirduals,
thousands, and tens of thousands, wrung bum an
impoverished people. He respected the Coostitu-
lion, and he thought that a limited Musearchy was
the best Int the happiness of the people. He was
a friend to religious toleration. as fur as it can be
granted consistent with the safety of the State. Oil
every occasion he had supported those meastsres
which he thought was for the country's good, and
he opposed, whatever be thought tended to destroy
the liberty of the subject. He never gave los vote
for unnecessary taxation, nor tar supplies of mousey,
without knowing well to what purpose then• were
to be applied. Ile was now sixty 'seals of age, an
age which, he hoped, would screen hum t. o a ti e
im-
putation of seltisburss, es sio man could think that
lie wished to he their Representative for any gam.
His property was not large, but it was sufficient to
secure to him every comfort of this world which is
sit cessary for man; and it was sufficient to make
him independent. ll• they elected him, he wouud
pledge Isis life to seive them homstly and faith-
fully.
At the close of this speech die Meeting broke
up, and Mr. Taylor was cheered as he passed
through► the streets.

About five o'clock on IYralnesday afternoon a most stun k-
ing accident happened near the live-mile stone on the Har-
row.road, w litre • waggon, heavily laden, happened to slop
for some lime, in which interval a flue buy, about four years
of age, being at play, unperceived by any liersati, twi•ted the
iron chain at the tail of the waggon, whirls passed between
the spokes of one of the wheels, round his neck. The wag-
goner drove on his team, when, horrid to relate, the anfor-
tunate child's head was conaplett ly severed from its body.
Yesterday as Richard Jones, coachman to Captaiii Gras. of
79, Upper Berkeley-street, was driving th• earl iage along
the New-read, Mary-le.Bone, the horses look fright. and ran
away (he not being able to hold them), and threw him from
the box, at the curlier of John-street, Berkeley-square; he
was dashed against the wall with great violence, and was
so much injured on his head and aid., that great doubts are
entertained of his recovery. The hunter were stopped at
the end of the road.

Front the Madras Courier of the 12th of August :
" By Calcutta news of the :14th ult. we learn, that
the Must Noble the Governor-Geiwial reached
Moorshedabad on the 19th ult. The fleet had met
with no accidewt except the sinking of one or two
of the baggage-boats, liVe refire t to state, that
very uopleusant accounts have been received front
the homeward-bound ship 8015018, Capt. liEritAm.
The Captain was obliged to put tutu Port Louis,
for two very substantial reasons—mutiny, and a dis-
abled ship. Front W liar we call learn, the 1111SStql
gers may esteem themselves must fortunate in hav-
ing reached port in safety ; we have seen letters,
stating that the Benson was in a most crazy con-
dition, and so completely shattered, that it was
nut expected she could be trvaiterl so us to render
her seu-wortli. After leaving this port the !lumps
were kept continually going till time ship reached
Port boils. To add to these misfortunes, a most
serious mutiny broke out amongst her crew ou
the /3d of Jnue. One of the men, it seems,
struck the Captain during some altercation, upon
which he was ordered to be put in irons ; this was
positively negatived by the crew, who immediately
struck, threw the irons overboard, went below,
and refused to do any more duly during the voyage.
The passengers were consequently compelled to
assist in performing the ditties of the ship, and to
keep regular watch till they providentially reached
port. Capt. 13zvitAsi is prosecuting the mutineers;
the Grand Jury land !Mind true bills a;4iiii.st five of
them, suet their trim!, had just co ttttt ienced when
our accounts dote."

iftELAMD.

DUBLIN. JAN. 19.

The Dublin Petition against the Window Tax
will he delivered to Mr. Sltaw on Wednesday next.
The sigiettureo, if placed in single columns. would
extend to the length of one thousand feet. ,

It is understood that a Deputation will wait upon
the Marquis of Dowsishire. at Hillsborough, with
the Petition to the Lords.
On Thursday evening his Excellency Earl felt
hot honoured the party given by Mr. Peel, by his
presence. It is scarcely ntersvery to add, that al.
though numerous, it was moot select, and included
whatever is distinguished fur rank. worth, and
beauty, within the circle -of society. The 'uteri.
htinnteut was worthy ef the 'guests, and was con-
ducted in that style of taste and splendour, that
might be expected from the known character of
their hospitable entertainer. It was, altogether, the
most brilliant exhibition of the kind that was aver
witnessed in this country. and the feelings with
which the company withdrew, ate lute hour next
morning, will he long recollected by them with
pleasure, and are highly hondlarable to their distin-
guished host.
Lord and Lady Castlecoate will give a grand
dinner on Saturday, the 24th instant, to a large
concourse of the fashionable world, at the Custom-
house. His Excellency the Lord Lieutenant will
honour the entertainment with his presence.
The Marquis of Sligo arrived in town. from Env-
land, on Friday. His Lordship is at the Pi ince of
Wales's Hotel, Ftackville-street.

ail
b.
