Las T • zee
likrisellgareetio 7:01$

Teisl .... ..... .. glu,vii3Ot.

!S•!0.
Casimais x.... 1:A0.01
Earise
liaapa
rust °l6t*
Araeased Tales ............ 114.719
Land Taxes
311.cellaueu6s
t n.'nti 24t
The increase an divers hemli en flee Quote-
-143 jti4l ended,i.
The decrease on athrri . 3 liki,Sch
,
Increase
CMLIRCB OP CO NSOLIDATII) TUID TO .1114131. Ss

1830.
liitaseqner Asinrities € 43.710
Snails bee Company

Dank ea their espi-lal
Divideimilr
Phithrisal Debt . ..
(Ire.' List 63,11.:11
'
Petitions &..1,656
Imperial A Mill a tree...." ...
Other Charg.• ....
.-..--•
• Tuial Charge
• surp1u5....
:. ••• . ---

f 10,147,611

SPANISII A*77l AMERIC.4.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRITISH MEE,.

Don Luis Lopes Memlex, Plenipotentiary F.:firoy foam
the Goverument of Yearzsrele mad New Granada (eur0.•114.1
keptsblie ColunebiC, luso lie humour tu add. taethe &Is-
le,. of Tut 111•Igisn Pants, sod iii the 114111 e of sit jo.t, .0
glorious, and ansporialit a CALM as that of the t..d p 4..... e
Or Snail, Amerirs, as well as Co. the iota rest the Bnlia, pii -
lic may feel is the knowledge of the teal sentiments of the
Geteritarill sad people he represents, he rectorate hien to
have the 'redeem to give inseriaws in Lis very valuabile lewd
impartial paper, to the lulluwing statemeot :
Ao arlicie has appeared i• 'merit Loodou Piperi of r,; -
day last, the 31st ult. extracted from the Frem It domande e. r
?9th, referring to another frOm Madrid of the Its of the
mune isitink, the tenor of which is as follows :—.rt we ere
assured that the Provincial Jests is about to send C.oseriti•-
si ;; ers to different pats of South Anierica with proper to-
structions fur restoring peace to thole countries. Hopes as a
entertained that the Isere republics are set to
unite under the Commotions, 3lonarchy. 7he A merican
Delegates fa Landon hare glee declared iva, Jerie
could oppose 1t —List the bead of di. Ltucuus Apes It prolic
will probably costliest."
A falsehood though ever so improbable, may, t overtire.
less, from a combination of circus-t wo., end ir,dat with
tome few individuals stssemiamted with the welt: of the
subject is questios. This consideration, mid the enemas-
titmice of being myself owe of the Dekgeles, indorser to
trespass on the public with this explauation, lit orrice shit
pro persott may be misled by the balrive triages, 44.0:eee-
lel cranes of my-country.
Every person in the least sennainted with hiellerf,Mith
polities, tee with Manse Nature, mast it fully onestbeed
sof the improbability, say, utter inspossiladity, of Illoghistii
Americau Inergentitwt lit/veronicas, CST( gala sabgisatiog
the yoke of Epson. ,
The separation from Spain of the South American pro-
vinces, was lung riser regarded by mrii of foresight as so
root that is Ike cowrie of time slime 1111 l st litre inevitably
Jr/apposed, is spites( every precaution to prtveht it. These
has Nothing JIM* natural than to suppose that whew these
root and fertile segiuus &tumid have iutreased their popish-
-11•14, their knowledge, end their, resourcet, they *meld this
theme, of the yotte of Spanish douniuton anal amuse Men
task amoug taidopesilest Stales. Were all the real of Lem. pe
removed to the ihalniscetif 6,000 sides from Spain, would it
be natural for it to be kept in colouial aohjection to tie
power
Front the first discovery of America until the pessert
time, Spain has bail but one object in view; to derive the
.grealest possible advantege front those cyanoses without
iu the least caring fur their prosperity. 1 Ise iinissenin is-
term.' tithes of South Ameaica have tern transported abroad
to gratify the idle debauchery of • Cart, to be squandered
sway in wars aril extravagancies. Their advanemonet
they this this object was answered, sae repreased with
.jewkorty. They were, is fact, regardill as mere appendiagne,
very useful and couveuieut indeed, but 'dieted without the
pale of humanity and justice.. Illaisufietiiiirs were eve /
where forbiddeo, as well as the groat th of the vine, the mut
berry, and the olive. Of hemp and ass, nu cementer, waa
permitted bat with Spain and for her bell. Ca. No leitewestrie
Now allowed between the different worn tat South barrios.
Tir estabbiahmesit of academie. was strictly probibated, as
11111 i likewise dm Wetly of inatbetnatits sod itivigati au. nil
introduction of foreign bunks was rigorously interdicted,
and all offices of Consideration were Stied by Spasaards,
eves the operial persierm from the King was semearry to
say motive of 8030d11 burliest bashing to rose ever to eyikla
There ere Ilia reamer why Noeintrieraphasia helm bre sword
fur an many hundred years are still so thinly populated in
Kopp! ticai to their extent. The population of South Aillie•
rice, however, even sortie boob,' that of the airiest rate ;
sail at the use time the Native* of those tonalities are at
least mu ways Where to the Spirants it spine sets lament-
geom. It world befall 11011tCriii/i waste to tweet, otter to
prust so clear asset simple a teoposetwo, es that the ¢t•011.-
uncut of South America ran never be so imbecile as to rater
into any negotiation, with Spalo,OlLett -Pa 111 not establish as
a fir.t mad rudispensolele pairdimary, the shear sob posers e
acksowlerigimmit of their amdeptadruce. It wevaidhe mad-
toss to sapper that any one,: terms will 'see he biataid
to. Thai lies Spain to Ofer theta aa att 'itimitrahetil toe
pliciug their seeks again under its pill. A reformations of
abuses! They ire reformed. Representative Giontralment.
They hare them, the twat adapted to thetas's:meter, emsliwww.
and 1116•110111% ttf the mono". Freedom if brute !..—of 11..•
they are in fall passometou. They have whirred *rig tor -
pendeuee at„tbe prise of their bluoil--sftee.mplestems'
siroggli they liseefrvitlA atabhahrd ll-
' 'lke pride; the obstinacy of Spain, say Ref 0111frii ritfi
- lied; but the world mast be. couVieie- J that • people. wilt.,
the haat tostai.ce,. twee bees able so 14..i14.1111 ilbeemelre.
-Cur DIA year.,, Itirtup4t, alit alibthimbirdly Weep\ mid
strieud thcorehros (or Sete. It 10 not easy 10 ye rower titre
who h:),lc become free cud image adrot, to re.pirern li. Rs-
selves in' skeet tor there slavery's sake. If Spent tieetioises
nher tiloc:rti, abs 10 isaleraoy 'Kirke preepentitiosi Lapp..
lieu.; bat abetawaus impart estate the One ail ahr Win t.
„Fraolh flprrir'+t 'Wheat ailal4 over words Ilse wool' ea a
!tiara of Power, an origsual &salmis of antlionly sof our
oarp. countries of such extend thus seminal" d, wishanst ait-
tiblrwaittiste ow'. iiiirtlta Orilla without Dor. The
as distance resin the itiorupolis evaders it iistp•itaitlle
fostisipritr
\ halt strikes *"

tu have looseeV hirverai 6.,.y
r Chops% eat 'Noise dottii• Made, ahlkartetti hala-
l: shams is ah ahaiii at mho. atilt Whelk eheeph. Warr 14
011.040. IDS ralliqv• Jul qi4W Ommit . !to., I,
• thrtiitutatisfpr ithv gma Fmejt:4l 001407
11.1 iNbilicate vasty% at tea.
diriht*Of • bit iwild oil At to
sUlls s . • .e

11

general tomlildtios the M;r1s1; but *hes we cols.
-• effects with what will speedily take place, they seem
firm days if a glorious day. If she iirolepeidleoltki of
ed B'a'se Elm as eves' of each magnitude, we Mii-
interestiog, bow importaist mat the iodetimidesire
Cositioial, the whale of the New Worbloppahr!
,f souls, occupyirsg 540.000 square leasers of by
richest parties of this globe, have Mich their own
, destinies into their owie hoods—they hove establish-
.veraments on the Wilmot wisest roastchi—w.ad they are
• give a full developeasem to their resisaraes. Is is
r of no political importance is the sas*h American
imeut, whether Spain be governed by au :abaulnee
rh et by the Cartes; because the same msamels,
Borth America, have governed dm artists. tif both,
• aullficieatiy critical from the followiog obare.

The Cortes @teetered war 'pima booth Arreefiee, sail
it or during lbe whole time they were is power,
',hick period they and 'mails* 11. about 13,000
aceordisit so t►e detailed Revert laid before the
the Minister O'llmojn.
Cortes nbstioately Waned eves la lister to the
of the Deputies from loath America.
e Cortes sonstaelly refused lie freedom of trade
America..
They twice refined the mediation proposed by the
Goverstsest, who appoistrd three English Centeno-
/Or that p/orpoee, true of them Commodore, now
I Cuekbors.
They did cat roasest to prohibit the Slave Trade.
Tne Cortes 'approved and supported the oppressed
In memoirist of Abases', Peru, and Bowies, in
in ester violation of the Criartilistioar.
The Cutlet mactiomed the snout scandalous violation
eapitulation entered isle by Omseral Miranda and
- Moat , in Peueznela, and all the cruelties
At by this Spanish Chief in these proviates. The
General sod many other Patriots were mid
losteverva to !Spain, and the Cortes, without granting
• trial, put the one is the drawees of the Cararca,
Where • ►e died is MA; four of the others were
►y order of the Cortes, into the donerons of Ceuta,
they escaped, and passed over to Gibraltar, the Go_
which piece delivered them op to the Spanish Go.
; ■rd lastly, by the isterfereuce of the English
ant, they were released, and gent by the Spanish
>nt to Gibraltar, and from there they happily es-
thete own country.
, in the Constitution formed by the Cortes, is order
ash the number of South American Representatives,
dared that uu native of South America, whose
lJ its the most remote degree be traced to Africa,
raj"), the right of eitizeetbil•, and should not be
omerated among the number of 70,000 persons fur whom
--liative might be relator.' to the Cortes.
April 5, 11120. LC IS LOPEZ 51EN DEZ.

•
the dent!
pare 'hour
bat al the b
the Usuteil
I a15,...1,7 int
of the whole
:41lion.* el
far the rich
mighty Ilrsl
ett yovernen
• t to Ri
c.a:ter of
t.,.. t rt. owe
te to flotal
all wilt but
11.11;ona:—..
A tit. The
1.:11,1ed it
.Irving .14
troupe, SKI
Creaks by
The
• pa i/pOliallC •
. :1,1. The
'
to South AI
4th. The
../Ludliah Go
'loners foe
Admiral Co
, bth. The
oth. The
snit cruel
• Meek*, in
7th The
of the eapl
Cover...or
p. et
• . e o 1111.
Lr % nevi
:aoYi 1
I a 'nag•e*ea::
the
v.
iunr of e
teat;
.:Pin run.
ca
t tern ea
./ ne
F.IIa Ile i
diminul
1u
was dent
4. !In coat,
•i.lollll'i raj
, crate.
• ::•1111serarai
imndou,
• (it
'116• uo
▪ 411:Ifirt
tpelled W
Grand .1 it
maul I 01
for thr en,
vreventini
nod the al
The CI
Jury from
1.14
it nue ltia
mei...emu!
ne u decl,
lion that
ah
tulul In It
won and
I/104411g 1
It Wllll a ..s1
111 the Jos
gomoiicly
vil.taa and
.11Certo•illry
Llc4l !sort
o•vroy user
tutu' the
people Ito
R 1 ulCr te,
f•fritli Illei

14.
