THE BRITISH PRESS.

LONDON,
THURSDAY, SePrESIBER 8.

We have received Ilanriburgli and Altona Papers,
to the 34th last, and also Dutch Journals, °tie-
cent dates. The former contain a letter from
Viemia, a hick corroborates the report of a re-
volution at Constantinople, the depositinu of the
Sultan and the elevation of his nephew
to the throne. No official account of these events,,,
however. haul Leen received at Vienna. Among
the military preparations making by France in
Germany, obviously against Austria, are three
camps, which are ordered to be formed in Bavaria,
consisting each of 10,000 men.—A numerous
levy is makiiig in every part of that kingdom,
and the troops of. Wirtemberg and Saxony are
all mustered for immediate service. Austria, on
her side, is not deficient its making the necessary
preparations for the threatened contest. Coil-
' aideralyle magazines of provisions are forming
in several of the provinces. That favourite
and able General, the Archduke CHARLItS, is to
hate the command in chief, with unlimited power.
The ArclidukeioniG, 04 the other Priuces, are
have separate maledads. The Frei ch troops
--have beet; withdralableg Silesia, wader pretence
'Of Ve)ieving that appraised and exhausted country.
They aie also marchius >Tiout Brsudenburgh for the
same alleged cause.-4lnt the real cause is well
known to be the meditated attack on Austria.
The private letters from Holland contain further
aetrounts of the activity of BONAPARTE to send a
„184terosis army to Spain. The protection of the
egad of France hits been hitherto confided to a
description of troops who were unfit for more
active service. Even these, we understand, have
lately received order's to march for Spain.—lf
hsl.entias not before this time assembled a nu:
1.,1 •

iliarous army in the North or Arragon and
Navarre, his character will not allow us to pre-
sisie that he has abandoned his design of establish-
ing Jest's on the Spanish Throne. The unveil-
lion of his plan is otily appareut, not real.
h is the opinion or well-informed men, tic-
ditipieted with the country and climate of Simla,
that it would not be prudent to have sent en
Oily across the Pyrenees in the heat of the
amasser, at which time it is most subject to
epfdlmical disease. It may be therefore appre-
hendedt that he delays his grand effort until after
the fall of the rains in the present mouth, which
cool the earth, awl at which season it is considered
most healthful.

The Iluinburgh, Alton, and Dutch Papers, de
nut contain any account of the recent events in
Spain, 110 f of the escape of the Spanish troops from
Funen. hi every part of his system NAPOLEON ap-
pears to have pushed his principles of tyranny and
imposition too far.—His political power he shook to
its foundation by his perfidious and wicked attempt
on Spain, and the utter darkness and ignorance in
which he woukl hold the Continent of Europe, by
the total estion:tion of the liberty of the press, will de.
feat its purpose. Men are always best deceived by
mixing a little truth with the falsehood. Had he is.
sued fabricated bulletins from Madrid, from Sara.
gossa, and Vinteira, al though they should havealinost
totally misrepresented the important events of which
these places have been the scenes, the, people of the
Contitient would be more completely deluded, and
the delusion would be more lasting than the im-
position effected by total silence. Those who have
read the daily Bulletins that accompanied the pro.
via' of the war in Poland, will not believe
that iSlspoixus would conceal victories in Spain,
if he had any to boast of.

The whole of the Spanish troops that were in
Langeland have arrived safe at Gottenburgh, on
their way to England. This intelligence was
brought by the Mosquito sloop of war, which ar.
rivtd,pn Tuesday morning. at Yarmouth. She also
bi*sacs en account tint the Russian fleet, consisting
of sierra sail of the line, was off Stockholm ; but we
are not inclined to give ►ouch credit to this state-
ment.

Ilistnry, whatever those who are unacquainted
with it may imagine, is only a repetition of the
same isr similar eveots, performed under different
circumstances. The sublime and elevating spec-
Mae which Spain uow exhibits to maukind, has

been t et] succeroively by envious European
nations, the lapse of ages. lint in no precedin;
instance Lave we ever yet witnessed a nation in-
volved in such complete subjugation to a foreign
p•wer, einuneipate itself with so much celerity,
unanimity, and majestic serenity. Even in the
midst of anarchy* suspension of legal Government,
and all the horrurs of invasion on the part of a fe-
rocious enemy, the people hare been contain
within the hulas of rnodenition,and have sespected
the laws of niindity, justice, and humanity.—
France herself, in the course of the last four hun-
dred years, has twice expelled from her interior a
foreign Conqueror, who had nearly effected her
complete reduction. In the fifteenth century, this
delivenirce from the English yoke was effected by
a female, the celebrated Maw OF OELEA AS. Hut
she was aided by many circumstances, which were
wanting to the Spaniards of the present time.-
CIIARI.ES VII. was not, like FERDIN AND VII.
perfidiously imprisoned by his enemy. He fought
by the side of the MAID or ORLIANI, and emi-
nently contributed, by his personal exertions and
courage, to the expulsion of the English. Yet,
even with those aids, the French did not re-con-
quer their country under eight-and-twenty years.
HENRY IV. a seemed flute triumphed over his
revolted subjects, assisted by Spain, and retrieved,
from the lowest state of depressioa, the French
Monarchy. But HENRY was present in the scene,
and possessed all the qualities that constitute a
hero. If he had been retained in a worded castle,
in the centre of Castile, we may reasonably doubt
whether the French people would have performed
the prodigies that have been acted at Saragossa, at
Anenjar, at Valentia, and in so many other parte. of
Spain. When Portugal, encouraged by the weak-
ness and mal-administration of PHILIP IV., rose
against the Spaniards, in 1640, they possessed a
head in the Duke of BRAGA ZA, whom they elevat-
ed to the throne. It required, nevertheless, a great
number of years to effect the deliverance of Portu-
gal ; while Spins, in the space of four months, has
recovered her capital, and -tenths of the Iklo-
nervily, out of the hands of au enemy regarded as
iiiv

If there be in modern annals a case nearly re.
sernbling that now passing before our eyes ;—if
Providence has permitted any monster to arise in
Europe, whose crimes and enormities bear a strong
affinity to those of the usurper who now occupies
the French throne ; it is in Sweden, and iu the per.
son of CHRISTIAN 11. King of Denmark, surnamed
the Nxao •fthe North," that this similarity is to
be fouud. Inferior in ambition, in courage, and in
talents, to the NERo of the present hour, CIIRIST
lAN equalled him in atrocity.—Like BONAPARTE,
he got possession of the capital, the principal No-
bility, the fleets, and the fortresses of the country,
which he wished to enslave, before he let loose the
♦indictive terrors of his power. The massacre •f
Stockholm, in the sixteenth century, bore an inti-
mate resemblance to the massacre of Madrid, on
the sfd •f May. It was conducted with similar
systeramic cruelty, and it produced the same effects
in Sweden, as it has done in Spain. GUSTAVUS
VASA, imprisoned by CHRISTIAN, as FERDINAND
is by NAPOLEON, found means to escape from cap-
tivity, and to appear among IRS countrymen. The
Tyrant, defeated and expelled, was deposed by his
own subjects, who could no longer tolerate his fla-
gitious excesses and crimes. lie expiated them by a
punishment too mild for his enormities, in a long and
solitary imprisonment, on the shore of the Baltic.
We trust, that the resemblance between the two
Tyrants, as between the two countries, will be com-
plete in all its parts; and that the retribution of
the Corsican scourge will not fall below that which
attended CHRISTIAN 11.

That Sweden offered a noble and an animating
picture, when freed from foreign slavery by Gus-
'MCl VASA, we must always admit. But there
is in the actual conduct of the Spanish people ati
exhibition of national character, which, we believe,
no country has ever displayed. • Without leaders,
without a King, without an army, without finances,
or military resources; their capital and their for-
tresses in the enemy's hands; Europe presenting
only a vast prison, or a conquered and prostrate
race, already inured to Ito:Hinge ; in this hopeless
condition, the Spaniards rose like one man. Re-
ligion, loyalty, and attachment to their country,
enabled them to meet and to disperse the armies
that had humbled Russia, Austria, and Prussia.
PALAIoIL and CASTANOS have been the agents of
the popular will ; not its creators. Those sublime
energies, which have slept for centuries ; that spirit
of ardent and enthusiastic piety which looks to
Providence for protection, while it exerts every
human effort for its own relief ; those simple and
touching expressions, perpetually recurring in the
manifestos and addresses of the Juntas, or of the
commanders; even the nib Ovations of religious gra-
titude, and the veneration manifested for our Lady
of the Pillar, fur St. FEKDINAN o.und for St. N Ancts-
sus ; all these features of the Spanish character
and people, how wonderfully do they contrast with
the immorality, prolligacy, infidelity, and irreli-
gion of the French ? How can we sufficiently ai-
mire the exertions made by the I,IOIIIPII of Sara-
gossa, and in every other part .1 Spain, to rescue
their altars, their hearths, and their .mat yr land,
front brutal invasion and pollen:on: We may rest

inured that such a nation will not odd
her of NAPOLEON'S slaved, nor submit to
,protir ous rule of an obscure adventurer,
titer. When we reflect on the virtue
I,464,,gxbilated under such vircittngtaiters, Ke
tempted to imagine, that it was ny prophetic
cipation one of our finest poet depietured
country, when he stlys--
.t Contented lull, and hospitable care,
And kind connubial tenderness, are there ;
And 'linty, with wising placed alone,
And steady loyalty, and faithful lore.*

There were no farther accounts,
Spain or Portugal.

Extract of a letter from Delhi,
hi, 1807
sr I left Bengal in May last, and Calcutta ,
aftar a painful journey of Dearly font griumbn,
laud, partly by water,) arrived here on the 1.8"
owiag greatly to this tedious navigation
stream of %hick runs very rapidly down,
blows always strongly in a contrary direction.
ceived a good deal of trouble with • Pe
Dhoodia Khim, who had the command of ,
heart dour new conquest, and against whom
thought necessary to take any precaution.
last, be thought proper to nisei, sad shat
very strung feel called CWIIOOIII6 A force, i
thousand infantry and one thousand cavalry.
mind of General Mamas, (a King's ft
against hum, and opened the trenches on
hr. During the siegt he was so. daring .
m. three times, in oae of which onsets ,
areweeded in driving us from the treuelies.
middle of Non tiier, we had our
tu the aliteh, the warp of which
the tsth, and, on the loth, the place
Our gallant little army Insight three hours,
and repeated, though unsuccessful, attempts,
breach, when the General Tumid it necessary
distressing to rotate, aith the dreadful Ims
Lon men killed and wuunded. The R.tuel
ever, sustained au great lum, and was as very
smother attack, that he abamloticd the plat:
and we entered it uteri NlUCtling. We learn'
saauntains, and that must of his followers
cuurripsenee of whirb, we are in daily exnectatios
Ithu brought in by his own people, is under •
pardon."

Yesterday, nt twelve o'clock, His
rived at the I,2OLEN's Palace, from
he was received by their Royal .
Dukes of Yoaa, KENT. anti Comma,

At two o'cloek, Ilia MAJESTY
which wits 'mewled by—
The Archbishop of Canterbury, the Bishop
the Duke of Portland, Earl Camden, VISCOV
Lord Hsu Lesbury, Lord Hemlineld, Lord
Arden; and Mr. Villiers (is waiting); Alsjor.
Brows, Mr. rawkeuer, Mr. Ryder, Mt. Perccrid,
Canning.
The following had the honour of
to His MAJESTY :

The Bishop of Rochester, to kiss Lando
to the Bishopric of Ely.
hfsior Camellial. Aid-Ale-Camp to Rir
on his promotion sod return from Portugal
Calomel Brows, ou his return from
turd.
His MAJESTY' afterward!' held
which was attended by the Duk.
and the rest of the Cabinet Nliiiiaters

RYD►R, the Judge-Adrocide, laid
:'I *J FAIT Y the proceedings of several'

Yesterday, the Cabinet Ministers
Grace the bake of PuRTLA ND.

The accounts from Heligoland,
which we auttouneed yesterday-, state,
lasutiou of Bus AAAAA Anti-Cowin

eatenils to other ports besides those
'kite freueli Agent at Ilainburgh,
notified the removal of many of the
the trade of Neutrals in the Elbe.

on the coast, by which these restrictions were ete
forced, are now, in consequence of the ear iu Sots
and the threatening aspect of .tustria, removing
other points, he perhaps thinks it prudent to po-
tend to grunt, u a Won, that which he perhaps is
unable, or afraid, any longer to. withhold.
A letter front a British Officer, dated Lazarath,
a town on the coast of Portugal, says.--" The Froth
evacuated this place the day before the squadron
appeared off it, after driviug out the iiihubttitat's
man, wunittii, and child, and setting fire to shoot
every house. When some of one Officers went os
shore, there were only three inhabitants to be met
iii this considerable large town. The Portuguese
acquainted them, that wilco the French sent Mine
ing parties to the country, their invariable prectio
was to plunder even the but of the peasaitt,Tiolla
Lis wife and daughters, and slay the males:.
Extract of • letter from Suutliainptois " Wamo
eeived a printed account of the late glorious next
at this place on Thursday evening, the day the Xas•
!tarots arrived at 'pithead, from M►. MurvtET, oI
i'ortstuoutli, Proprietor of The Hampshire Tar-
graph, who collected the heads of the action Ir°
an officer who came home in that ship, and lOf
which the inhabitants were extremely obliged to
him."

Unr Correspontient at Brighton alto rnentior,s
receiving the new* by expreatt, on Thursday oighlr
itod from the same Gentleman.

A letter received from on board the Conirterri
oft' Lisbon, dated the 23d tilt. says, that our deet
were clearing for action, expecting every moment
to bee our troops oft the hills shove Lisbon.
The Cownersots, HAZARD, for Newcastle;
Her-
iwoay, M.KLsists, for Berwick; and Sykes',
Snout., for Newcastle, soiled ECODI QUANIZ 17°3
July, under convoy of His MAJESTY'S ship i'Vsaw'
sir. Captain Sowearti.La suites, that the tw•
tanner parted 6th of August, in lat. .16. deg.
win. long. 37. deg. 45 min. but might have kept
company if the masters had chosen, as they were
seen in the morning, far to windward, going olf
without 'hewing sun Munition of joining tin. con-
voy. The latter paited nit the 11th of AuArsts
iu let. 46. deg. 31 min, long. 46. deg. 17 mint. went
off on the opposite tack, in the ;alma 'l37cfcd
miniaer, in defiance of the I)utcg
hoisted, and other signals to call her bacai %,•31
repeated tiring of gang.

lot add to the
submit to the •
adventurer, hist
virtue whicliS
we
, tty prophetic at
et. depictured
de eare,
4, are that ;.
above,
21 lore.*
its, yesterday, f
i, dated Deceinbe
skulls is hate • ett
it !south',
a the i3th of On* •
it'll of the gears, th
loan, Ishile the sill
reetion. {Cc k.lrep, •
• Petty Cta,cf, semi
ad of a district is *I
It whom it was kinli
Wiwi.lu Seittetabst
shot Isinwelf up is I
,pece, composed of fiss
ratrY, under thi to&
Offirer,) was wit
a on the 13th of Otis
lag as to att.iek sa tts
onsets he had oast
: tivaches. By 0.
,or appr,srlses clam
Was blows r sa
place rat stanordss
hour', and sada
etempte, to est. th
cowry to call tem A .
I lint of 40 oifiecn r
14bel Chief had, Las.
o very apprehesasad
plate the mil silk •
learn bt lass tit to Ile
wets are dispetsel, •
expectatlost
trader to procure Oar
}Le PsfairsTY IT.
'ln Windsor, where
al Highne..ses Cie
YMBEItI. AND.
STT held a levee,
Bishop of Rocliestn,
Viscount castkresaii,
Lord Mulgrate
Major Campbell,Majorl, Cut
It. Pretend, and Si:.
of being presentel
tads Oil his translate
Sir Arthur WeSsoht,
.tugal, and
um the• army is Br•
Id a Privy Council,
uke of I'OttTLASI
iiiisteni; when Mt.
laid before Hs
c.eral Courts MAI•
ten dined with hi
isid, the arrival el
state, that the re
userciat Decrees
those of liollatcd
gli, it is issiu, Its
the restriction. on
Ilse. A. the troops
estrictioiss were
of the Maria
