• .i ,
46..fia_ : 1:71.111... .....
_ .
7)
"-]
• .
.: .
. .
•
, ..... •ot.:. • i'' . • !• .40 'T
0". 4P.,•'i N ' ' . . :)ei :. ' i
it
•
_. ' "s' k ._-t,..-. •, , • .".. : 0. IV " 61.
4elt? • : .p. 4 • At ' Ac
. •
. .
.• - .
(Ili. !!rno.4lßl
. .
.... _.2- A •
• , ... , M 1... of 5c.:74.1,r ils.:e 1.. •..n. . • .
Pt 0. 6, . ,
...., ~ .
•.. ~ , .• ,
,
14t*; *di m.tottll -i,--1 •.I ..:. • • • . '
.ma.,:. lout Idt iii la ve-4)-.1 r -1,, • a ....11
.....e. • i
: .
fi ....:\ll
if 0 Irt . . I
f
k. 4) 411 rto (-Al
Or •
. 1
...,.. i ..0.... • •
19 arson st WI !, . a .. • .
t.......1„,..e.n........1 ... .....A.,......'• .„. . . i i .-•_
... ,---,..,—,:..t....—...iii
Il
, ). ,
..,
-...--....1- , • . . .
r-4 iisi,
-.„_--....----,—.----- , .
,__ . .
_, - - - • . . .4„,'
R.—Mr. URTI
A abaft his fatal defeat sartilcails. The Goverstworat also mils-
' CS,
'we &gest,oyal him —,--.11110..-- : lieheilia tliMmipisil 4 !Ikexicit, lilt Ow KIIII/e0 ifliuki hail ii
*brie R
, tailless tire wally remaining important Poet otrupied by the
-
`dargeoss to
tOthellettle in this kinualum, sad shit ice wear consequently
•
, .
will . ili %Wear or lrattgailfilt- '•llrntwilllnlssidhuti Ow meth joi i ' " For list present or asilioi4 iiperatiods art saniss-nded,
that we are al pravess(shot up in this capital, as well as in Ihr plains iii the upper ova tilry are natter. water Mid bidli.
all the Mawr*, without being able lo Ku out of She sites tal hrrnirs have 'offered pinch ith the Malay 4..i.r.4liiiiiiiii
-iuisnt adios of Cnitetle, suit it,, KNOW mambo
rouse the Insivereeds occupy all the seiediossrlstiod its enimi- fonght miter ilw rapture of du yirana. Tlit• Span
ossuis of General ears had ex'IMA
dersitle force Nisi maul of ih-ir hart tro 410, liibil •41.tie‘ of sheioak 44.
-perienced pee/dons
-.lied him to move towards the Apure, for EXTRACT OF • LETTER FROO TRIIItDAID. perieace•l Generale: 'They has 'reeked la die diminltiliiif
1 . •
- or opals, Jolv.ll, .•• Whets for • While the ire..
y seiered.; hg( 0111t.Si 1..1114 eons,
441114 sod remmiotiag his cavalry, as " Pt MIA•
Gmeral Lin,rarava divisive was " lliznits^Sto—l rieckme !son authentic doriumenis, Its sitylllsie Crishirreistelits .aftivrill'en'llll.lo.'lli Estolit's list,
A mall cures owe. RI,. 4.e71 'll
R ityszeimill. of, Ow. minspaigis in Vremssela, viz. the wood in the trey 'lnterco( ilvirip desnuil•ii.itevl. • '
.4 to Niceties, was fur. Pn"I" I
„ or raairaiiit Fir of sin pra 1„m
„i„., a, lir v,114
theother baud, tire' ilateitits hal,e bIIftVIVII sear rely
povelisblr eeempalisme id the rich perivinee of lisehise, mud ill also,' I/lII' iienlarly in' their infloirry, sod until the area.., of
1 . '
-4.4 Limo.. Ike Wanes of Cerseoll. I Prot yaw before the 'merit-idles She Admiral, slier, Ira. on olvvolute wincsir ansu....t um•
ammo of , Ike silky. ii Gnaw, wherethe whole ~,r ske *mists iluoillout ; they hive. however, Ilse pirases.x.4 of 411 the 1
. ..., rim, imiailiat if 41p.i80,,,,,id cirabararai of slit Kiser, plains, sod the softeigalqina our Olio. 1-0 nual Ater*. I ass
Wile pkigAd.wilkkeii, except the esspliostisisee sow.r.,us sum efliablent '111:41 11111 &tire ithicti'epo br se.pl.frolo Europe can
-,here has bps. a. o, whitey". weak ii she drive them from the •Ining military tun ' nil•limysina, l' 1
'...1.4.1 erairai.,,,,r ii the midi. Grairaii ',mine is covered ea it is by those Odin...sir rivent. Niiw that arum sad
.1
dos
Ale ettioymext of hie situation anti h. e. nssionlioni sire iiiiiissindm mpier, the caaign, as owls as
•-t of she fteessldle, awl icspisiii.Genessjea rants will prineit; will re.ctiiitnmice.witis minor.; and not Is . .
„la and New Granada, lac. ; said ii, shadow sir apprylsoo4lllll4lo.l,lllolr, 01611.111 A tii VU4Ollllli reSUli . '
i
-;.5., aid all or aiii.,.Geacrils. Religiult4 Welly, is; insert' ablr (rum rive!, LI it easel loler.
-•minseut tslahlislivil. 'WA Mimi rends ..brrtVer Ike tribe:swims liaisitrenaiva, and n.
.4. occupy iss ',reaps,. Mirsi ~,, ary (rum !swore might mirsti4 Ica fti..etiuses with.. .
..„elicit of mules 4.41 ilusizer or molmbithlu 'lire intliteure of l•rwaieraft Is
44 "giber gone for cirri-, awl the trammels of siiperstition is following .1
drams with rapid •tritlia. ' •
I
" Nirowishsianding the highly istlerorattsrmotiset of arced.
-'lit our countrymme, who WI leaving their burnt% evens Is, .
'-it behind every illitic Shit ought iti make -a
matt re. .;
' emmectatili, the Hellish thararter it admired is
`l'of • Vrgy.l.ihri 1111114,11, and it 01l ail tweed
'not.tirilliatur prmsl of, whin 4 peOpill
aritufir is c.w.0.!, nit by •Illa 4 1
' ski I Imppe 1.. 4;40 what Ilfu
*AI of our beluv, d unties .
•li men on use
~.ere and • .
Ascii.
6 i
. ..
,
. i
.
. ~ .
1 ''.
•
i
I 1 1
'
!. v
111

7EIEA Tr F-NOTA L. COE EN 747.41? D. EN.
s„.i This Throve. daring the recess, has been wooly deco-
rated and embellished theamaimus. mid as pais* or mxpeass
have bees spared in Mimed that rlessist arrioinsiodation
hefore the curtain. and by the engagewieut of a Company,
fess& withiM.bigheal penfemiunal talent, W r dist
saperior Dramatic Entertainment on the Stage, which the
iabiliihnis of this veal City hate a eight to irslyeet in
their Naimoli Theatre.
TO-MORROW. WEDIVE'itIAY. Sept. 0.,
will he erred, tie Moment Malan of
(Mir !WAN NERIN(3 ;
OR, TRE Glffikr PROPMECT.!
▪ Orertere by Mr. Ilishop—the rest of the Music by
Misses. Ilishog, Davy. Whitaker, &c.
cotorot Manaeriaz, Par. Ablooft; Nese; Ilbstrissi,
Pype (being his first appearance. on Otis stage); Duminie
Narapson, Mr. Lidos • Deady DisuaUsit. Mr Emig; Dirk
Harterairk, Mr TokAy; Gilbert Gissalo, Mr.
Raillie Illnekletbrift, Mr. Simone. ; Seijeast 111`Cime. Mr.
King; Gabriel, Mr. Tiaaey; Mr. Merits;
Franco. Mager Parolee. Lsq ffewlisiss.. Miss. Mallthews;
JIIII4 Manneriog, Miss route; Morn, Miss Gems; Mrs,
tkPeandlish, Mrs. Dsysapsrtq Meg Nominee, Mrs. llama
(being .bee mesad appearance us this stage); Gipsy Girls,
Mwarkseses Qom' and Sterling.
Tu which will be added the Melo-Dramatic Roseate of
AtADDIN ;
OR, TITS WONDERFUL LAMP.
Ali.l.lia, Miss Foote; Tahi Tosghark (Chant sf Tarim"),
Mr Chapman; Samar Hasjou this Vizier), Mr. Crimpiosi
Kalifs Arnett Vizier's spa), Mr. Norman; Abuttals/m(l6e
Affirm MaliciatO, Mr. Farley; Kuno, (his Chinese Nieve),
Grinisltli. Princess Eadrusilhowilowr, Mws. Earned;
Aroma and lohyall (her chief alleadants), Miiis Shaw and
Miss P Dreamt ; Widow Ching Illustsphs, Mo. Dave..
port ; Genie of the Ring, Miss Premise.
•„1 A, Private floe arty be hail for the Season, or nightly,
of Mr. Branilon, as the Ilex office.
• 71. Second Weer, 3s. Id —Pit, 3s. $l. Second •
P.iie, 2. —Lower Gail try, 2a. Second Price, la —Upper
GO:irs. Is. Sefi.llll Price. bil..
The Dims will be upewed at Six o'Clock, and the Play
be 'n at Seven.
Mares fur she Rases to he ,skew of Mr. emadua, at the
Thix-effice, Hairaireol, frame Ten till Fear.
(hi Threats'', the Conway of The Sthosil few Seaside,, in
which Mr. IV. !ammo, of the Theatre Ropil, Dnblin (who is
ragseili at ibis 1 bemire), will make his first appearance in
tie eh/warier of sir Peter Teazle.

--•■•••••••••
rititT ES 1111 OW EAR.-Mr.
I Anrist to hie Royal Hieharee the Primer Weird, hie
Hurdilw Mee of Keel, awl le their 'loyal
fliglowsoro the Dote 100 l • Doehooo o(Glooredro. Setteou Ira
sM Ro)•1 Disprosory for the Diereses of she Itor, kr. will
r"ii:l""ire his swat COMM 4 LECITREN on she ANA-
TOMY, PNYINVItiIit, moil PATHOLOGY at She EAR,
i!lusintted. by Torino* Apattnnieal Preperatimatiall Thum
tiny, October 11, at the 147a1 Diapentary, Carissia.aireet.—
A Clinical Lettlira mill be Orr/ dittias the Gant us the
inma important Calwaihat weer al the Marl Dior*.
airy. whirbio awn Papi.loro-Par partieptleeth Add "usa
4, atinulastee, Mr. Cowl, at Itit haw, N.. t,
Nutimileare.

SWJTII AMERICA.

duet his hail defeat mot drails, The GOVITSISpeIIt also Plib-
lishilidie Oita capital of genie., this the Kiog's triroppi hart
NAM Ike wily remaining important Poet otrupied try the
11Pengitento in this lanoline', and shit ire were consequently
IR ROOMY of tranquillity- **Nittwilluilsoililigi the troth is,
that we are at premed'shot up he thee capital, as well as in
all the others, without being able to go oat of the Imes he.
cause the lasorrats occupy all the reigliboarltood it consi-
derable force.* • •
EXTRACT OF • LETTER FROX TaliftDAD. 4
" n Port Rpaisi, IXIR. ••
" 1117,nithekStal-1 enclose root authentic dorsourrois, to
*hey yom tlykreisalt. of, the campaign ia Vrnexpela, the
poisessints of the important post of Saa Fernpa.kr, wish the
poteliable eicrupatiois of the rieb plinviare of Radnor, awl all
the biases of Caracas. 1 sent yaw before the prirricubirs
of the amiva al Guided, where the whole of tke Spanish
NM, copirjstiag of 4400.nsounitd thirabiseees of the King,
wereVreleiror, taken, except the Ciimusaisder aitil.four men.
• lies Ipso ma Maimation whatever made be the
Reprlalisisss Goverioneat ow the Main. Gesseral Rohrer is
jollier peaceable irajoymeat of his situation and hi rs,
▪ Filpiniett Chief of the Republic, autl Captaiii.General
of the, Anew sif Veliexuela and New Grenada, bc. ; awl in
perfect mission with Par:, Marian, sail all thetitlscrGentrals.
In • word, there is • regular psverrinseut established. Awl
man re tared es far as the Indepentteuts twerps al preWill
"All, th• Colonies are receiving how supplies of mules
fruat.Csissystpl, sad we hive received a eaosialeyskle somber
have% There, TAU be ttona •Itue crop of soberer/ in Guerin*
sad the produce of ilariaas ; so slat it may he fairly mid.
the Inlepeaskiets hare retrieved their resources at the pond
if the bayoret sad loam, marl will open the swat campaign
under,. veep fpvuerable eirewmalaams we far as relate to
moms, militatp skill, sad public opiiiiert.
" Gement Para, is General Cossioandatit a. she Llama
(plains), gad has displayed the greatest military laical.—
Illaristo sod Illeeino&E remain rear the city of Commas ; the
Former ocewpits Cariaco, sod the lesser Puerto she Madero.
three quorum ore league from the city. The Spanish serails
are, it is said, at Prieto Cabello. The Patriots Konsto,
Ps eta, sus Padre, Colonel Nnrisu, kelp their 'tumid, and
are increasing. ibeirtneane is New Ciresoula.
* Tire heir Sarah is safe arrived at Angostura.
" The Patriot Intemlant reit (who is an excellent lintsnist)
has dieroverod in Guayana the vegetable scarlet dye, or plant
called Okapi, which is likely to prove a very valuable article
of trade. ir yolk refer t• The Vkagerefthrirecsoi, yon will
see the salami riches of that emosirvi "bids arc now thrown
open to the reunionism of the ealightemil and industrious
world: But the must valuable plaid is the tore of raiimial
liberty, which extends sad thrives wonderfully throughout
Yearapiels, and order whose shade the people enjoy • sew
mural existence!'

. ,
14 the other six rath.- "tVjtlsiti the lilt vrtekK the.. he*
hero iiirrensP of ithrfitti.7 reit; MO then et ii lit.tekt
ilrisneL will, like iiiselheir Site, overflow suit felting* all ibui
leis ' •

The following are further extract!' from aid
fitMOOS Ayres Gazettes, to the 4th of June

" Fur Ilse present ill' tniiits6 operation's are saiartteleil,
the pietism 1.. the ostler ruttlisry see writer. water Mad hulk
!ironies bare 'offered pinch okthe Many 4,iiiis4rcsi„il4
Singh' 'Mee ilw capture o( Gniyauw. The Span 'bail
Ilud mint of their hest MNlpl, lilU ishflie‘ of iheieari..f.
perleaceil Generale.' `They link' 'reeked fill die dessinliiliii;
where for a wide silty are.. aeittreill lott unlesa basil* cam
Milifercemeula.•arcjiry,lajaedily fermi Europe, 'bey"
tu▪
ns' in the cirri miture of thing!.
a. 114 dm usher baud. the ilatrit"ts liaye atifkfell seer rely
also,' particularly iss' their infilturey. and until the arrival of
the Admiral, there was nu ishoolute wine rit' anus am•
'nutrition; they bore. Itaiweeer. the Piral..S.RIA of all the
plaina, arid the ssavisgatioryar the thitioro meal Atom. I ate
cOishileist 'llia' DO force a Mete 'cps be se ninon Europe can
drive them from Ili atnhog militiry pray • • •ist'.l:rsayaria,,
cos•erral iii it is by thane iddollrueu riverk that arms and
naissitinlioni are iiiitharisdaniti, the rampaiiis, at sumo as the
calms will permit; "roll rvixionlosieuce.wttli eiwirtir.; end not ti
shadow of apondiensaissr•tio.l,mitesdhairsofeit;ivuoislife reSU II .
Reliziorin liberty, iv, inseparable from meg. Von es sal toter.
atitni rands wherever the trite:eeinn lianiseenai-ra, and a.
Mibsi ~,, ary front !nom. might excif•i4 bat faiietirists
mit thisi2ef or mulestatidu inthiesier iii l'eseateraft la
tone fur ever, and Ilse trammels ut assperatition is following
with rapid stride.. •
" Notwilledmiding the highly ioilecorarrecisodiset of acres
rare( our countrymes, who in leavint their Minna awns lu
hive left behind retry thine' li iI irugh4 its make is man re.
speeded roil reopectalili., the Itritish idusoseter i. ailosired
preference to iharrif. erevither Ratios, and se on all ocean
sinus held •up sus. the, niiiiiEbrillivist• pram' of. What 4 peepla
JuriuK their cosisslry.eah •• arilar" is e"11•14' rrit. by all as
the ustmal protector (it liberty'. and I hope to (Sod has dui
Cali.l...iforediim and the best iiiteresta of our belied unties
hoot will fur ever he inarlparalite.
• " Muth obloquy, I h 444 ms ti4o4bll, will be:. th mete on lb*
•Vertesuelasi Government, by the (temps.. hated iillicrra and
• returaeil to Europe; turret isf Owns pev. r toads ilwie
ityparmice in the mileperstleul territory, liairere givers im.
"'licit cr.-deuce to Slim maliensue *begirt. related 1.. them in
the Islands, linetiewlarly sit 11tr fersi• porta, 'awls as Si. Thu.
mats, St. tlarthuhinsew'a, Trisiiihad, See. Amur placer.,
. .

BULLETIN.

The brilliant action of Celeste, gad the mthersil mambo
which the (bylaw', of General ears had rsperiesierd previous
! in that day, compelled him to move towards the Apure, for
dos purpose of nemmtanfutial sad ressagatinit his cavalry, as
i las remains of the Spanish Gestral Lsiorres division was
tombio tu snake soy movenieric A small corps ideate Ruy-
pair
Iliad' bad.peretruted by the west to Nitrous, was our-
nniiisnlidn pima, by Colonel Ilawirel.
1 Morales, oho had Wits the eassatawd of Lieut.-
Crimedigitillea derisive. sod adrosstout with the &sees
! soldelbassibiftle de Cue% Lodistild the platens! Caleb..
1.
.ttlttrills sallispiuti On the Mb May the
• nosiest orders to attack
him, Ali& suliMplele sooluss as shit wmaritaft
of the MA bweiwilineyielind Ws is his nap. More than
HO killsikasanyt potions. 1411 their arsisasd hems, were
the frills of this Notary, and Misrules, with she low who could
steam was obliged to reheat as far as bersbervw, out her.
lag bees able sum" at Calaboose.
I -In the mesa line. the &risks of amens. wader the
sissossdefOeseral Bermuda.* which had t`erassol.the (hi.
oleo on the Ilk of April to cuatioue his operations mama
OW lawn, which be invested us the Ilkh, while Gement
lialliwo was actin( with his dirisioo so the coast in order
. Istpustant the fumy from reeentiog wooers thrOogh that
amid.

i:~
~!

• General Bermudez made matey obeausoliooa ao the tower
Bud on then!, at might, mode so attempt ow the tete-dis.
past of the city, which caused a coupidonible kiss to those
nbudalforiad it, and threw the garrison isle great muster.
when. On the 11116 Geweral Maritsa had already take. the
town of Carbine; IN snow who formed the 'artisan were
eat to pieces by the •saguard alum, cumniatideil by CoI.
/domes ; IN maisketa aud 40 prisuiters„ together with ant-
munetios sail other warlike Worm acre llama IN Ike ti wa.
Oa Ilat 4111 h the mune divisions had a reticulate. at Colleens
with the eaemy's forces which armed Gonna ad Campeau,
who, to the amber of 444, had marched with the istamins
of thiolting the derision which broiled the town--this body
of the mammy was eampkrtstly muted and kid their arms mid
stoutuaititia.

. 111 s the starring of the !Sofa the gamins of the tows made
a vigorous sortie on she hoes occupied by Genital Beresoks,
aid both parties were copied in the wont obstinate manner.
. Par more the Ave boars the adios was carried as with the
greatest corsage; hat General Berassdra haling assessed
ail his allowswiliew, detersabsedita retire to Comasseas, Is
eider to omens* the. unties, operatives to be takes, mid
ethers be receives daily reinforcessests. The tows of Co.
MM, in the sortie of the Seth, has lost at least insobalf if
its defoodem is killed sail immodest.
CA R LOS SOU SUITT&
Chief of the Genesi stat.
Ilsedisarters, St. Thomas of Augostura,
Jose 16, MU&
lINTRACT Moll THE coostra ON ORINOCO, TVO!./1111RD AT
Altoosireita ON SATIORDAY, JOUR 27, Isle.
" Our communication with the Rio Repent interne,
i shin the Onsiooluant fiypolito Cuevas was ordered by
Oins.Porg to !Mena, the v 640114,8 the Upper Orinoco and
smite shee to the Republic. Hie Asst object on esterhig
the county was to write is the Commandant of the Por-
tuguese Gustier. menhir hint that his intestine were
, frimully sod pacile. The shower from this Chief was most
astiensory, sine he gives us the most positive amosraiice,
'Thal his satin, far from taking pert in our dissentious,
observes dill MIMI& immutable oeutrality."The Commaadant
Cuevas roomed with his oven to Amore. Invitee the Go.
vernisrat of the earuntry is the hoods doss of its own in.
habitues, Joseph Inisserdu, who I. goserally esteemed for
' his probity arid bosun, esti the seldom. of his character.
• Mosey these Iwo* dor greatest tranquiNity prevails, sad
' rises trine of wild lodises fins she Whew have Wend
trio wigwam waiestious wish them, sad carry we • small ha*,
which, wishuet damn, will lonaosiderably belonged, whew
they receive the Raropoin nievelmodise carried from Auger.
• tors by most iadividuals bon Rio Negro, is return for vs.
roves valuable production, which Ism eissulated the suer-
; chasms of this capital. It is truly deplorable, that the want
! of proper yawls calculated for this aniptiois, elk sot for
the prairie allow us to give she noon, impulse to the re.
lotions amen/arm with a csustry whiebufftes so ahoy sa-
-1 torsi production, snit from which great advaimage might be
derived to European arts aid industry, to the mutual brae-
'At of both Cuatiorsts. Theo we anon woo see the great
brarlts of which the world has bees deprived through
the egotist irdolewee of the immerse, their criminal use.
• nopnly, and the batlamoos prohibitive system, which was.,
carried to such as extreme, that she Indians of one onion
woo not allowed to nosunsunicate with those of anther,
!although they were both governed by the name. Nooks;
I and America is to be Entailed to that slothful mains, be.
cause, Siremeh, they in sot choose to work, imbretail the
i !Amore of other people! But so, this fault does ant hat
wish she nation, which deserves a better tate; hut with
their Government, who, from peneribiag, strangling, or
burning alive all those who dared to think, has succeeded
is depriving them of their iNkllectosi faculties ands: AM
•vslal act sun, compelling them to follow the impolite utile
'caprices and imbecility.
“ Semitic& of the Penitent*Gverment is you/
'real enemy. We, on the coarse'', ire your natural treads,
' U. frere est en owl dose& par la Nature.'
It is not with you we cam on she war, but with the acne.
miry assoosina which your Cameramen* throws on oar coasts
with the foolish project of cossolidating at the same time
. your slavery and oar's. Threatesed with the same evils, vie-
aims of the same oppressive sod of the same wimpy, why
not suite at one—why not embrecr, and he all free, and
spin call moven" heathers? ' Perm will Spoilt, asd war
1. with her Goverment ' is our motto, mid is this cry whlcls
grow rooms& throughout America."

interest 'hears • mighty ',way, •ud well 4..6 Ik. 1'4,411011m0
• shat then eines! American Ind. rceilleure 14 rots.
Wished, a direct anntanstientiind with lifirope will 11r the
niediste eutiseqiience, and then adieu in the fleputs mask
with thesis. their romenissinini,sinsuliiir, de. &c.

0$ FoiJay, ►b Opera of Rob Roy Moevegor.

o The General its Clint' has always .le;lared, his deckled
resolve to full! every-eugagemelii, stool 1.10 suprt 14441Cete.1,
believe he will. If I can rely, un my loon jitolgnio.oot, a insist
of aloft honourable iutealluiss doer out extol, and in all my
trananctioos with him and the Goverunieut I loar• meted on
Thal primeiple. I have nut as Tel had the slightest reason to
change sly sysilion, and feel conhJent that evelitna!ly every
shaking will be faithfully soil folly chartist girl. The chines
smiler my tart is of a very important swore. mod the tact it-
self is s decided wont of my reliance uu the honour nun in-
tegrity of Balmer and his associates.
" Nome of our couutryrora, as shove-mentioned, have
cooducted themselves must imspeoperly. pruookenoess and .
insatiordisatims have Istren proseresed is, mot isißis, 44•
grateful excesses committed, which they. dent ;NW have at-
tempted al home. latasy pretesiol to he officers, who newer sass
other service than that of a laveru.statidliog b. hind 14 counter,
we smilladriviug at a desk, and withal totally igiourant tif the
lamposge. Many others, lam proud to say, ate anitolisror to
their profession., sod to She country that gave 641 Wilk—.
Nome of them, awl indeed all whit) have had au loppurtnintv,
have given brilliant trationuoiro tof •Hritish valuer. Ai, the
battle of Orbs, isis the 1141 th. Murk • Cifholil Foolish having
Emitted the approbation of the supreme t:lflef4ud the brave C;e4
arras Pan, Ilse latter rode up to hint during the actions, and
embracing him, resealed him with his lamer, saying, Ac-
cept this from Pa. x, as the reward ethsur aisle it Lhasa*
destroyed atone than S4NI enemies id my mousey ; keep its
soil remember me'—The following day General B otivior
seat an Aitle.fle.Camp to Colonel English, appuintiu2 hint
full Calomel of Cavalry." .

LAST WELK OF THE COMPANY'S
THIS SEASON.

mate! &nem mewl Teditens, 1415 rviLT4 1814-
" I arrived in this 'shed. few dap ego frees Angostura,
where I had brew fur upwards of two mouths ; unl shortie
after !amid% shot city, I received froui she &Terme Chief.
by mimeo, a few copies of the first number of the Cbrrel
del Wawa, of which I beg to ~lose ewe. You sill ula-
serve ohm it ambles some imporiset durnestraits i and, in
additive, I have sincere smisfrefiew in informing you, diet
at the mouth of the river I fell in with Admiral Belau. in
the Views", formerly the Emerald, or his way up the
Grieves, with a pert of the squadron node, his euesessoil,
bevies. ow beard tee thoessed rauskels, and a large '1*•••
tidy of geopawder sod other military stores, No occur.
retie, of such vital isionsesd to American esemicipstion has
taken Ohre for • length of lime, as the arrival of these sap.
plies, WO eon conlideally assure yes, hoer theassed stand
of wpm were out reiniiniag in the whole country, What
Geuerpl Bolivar ruisiseeneed his eventide' in December
last. be lira not more than 1,100 in his pnesession, and until
now all aliments to procure others laid failed ; frequessily
was he obliged to send away teem its, treat the want of means
wherewithal to arm these. The difiirolties be has hail lit
combat would, have proved iesionsunoteble to a roosmois
mind ; jeshiesies.l44 overcome. prejudices so overcome, soil
With relearns of the must trivial claret at his rinesseed,
sad these eves scidered over immense regions. Exegetes-
doe is not et all electestary to excite a feeling in favour of
the yistrieliecfferhi of that oppressed end insulted people.
From the. beet arlhorities, I cam vouch fee am:Mimeo( pri.
vete interest. sod dentine to she public weal. bowleg bees
evinced is • nieneer which wield have dope homier to the
most resumer.' patriots °Cagy revelry.. It his hems gear.
rally believed in Europe, and the ides has bete industriously
eirerlatedd that Aineeiese iseepeneetiry is sueghl sad fought
for by those only who have nothing to kiss sad soimedsing
to
.goie by the etchasee; but he moored the reverse is the
case, rue there is seemly a ender proprietor ill these cows-
Tries who has not taken • derided pert against his uppers.
• Bolivar was bin self one of die richest proprietors in
the Camps, Lewd albs Tallies of Arageas. He has, like
many of he associates, sacrificed every thing, mid nit all oc.
Poises shared is the privations of his meauestifulluwers,
" Never will lie Speuiards be able, to rereoirer Trat-
toria ; the spirit against tient is felt soffiliadly. Thermo).
try may he rendered m desert, said the pupils,* snnihilsied,
but sewer will the former inanity be re.reraddislied. The
readied of the gads, as they ore styled, hart hemi horrible.
and the essesertime• islllset the war has become bellows
intersteefolois. At the eenitireerstent of the campaign,
General lielliesp hissed an *Ate, prohibiting, under se-
vere realties; the execotioe of Apseish prisoner., slid, as a
prof of hie siocerity. sent M4.14* insil noised it *ember is
hod tskep at the battle CollehefieN. "iiheeilftlit
affair, niptpeed several lit doe Patriut. army, all of whom.
moduli disee'wbu helve since fades into his bands, he calmed
to he betitiered in told blood ; Neither str Nor WS afuisi
protective from their reuellier, lied is it to be woeflered at
that reislistrapw,demdil follow! Messy wimple. nearest sad
deverst relatives heve her. aboard. tortpred, sod sessiocred
by lie inveterefe for, erne wreak their emigres/a no every
lipraisimil they meet with. The. isfrinpts of *psi', to re-
gain her forrere doicitims, serve mil, to *hew her weak-
ness. sod, to. palling the miseries, the dreadful miseries,
atisiag freeknieh wafts/v. NO few. on orrice(' will.
ever bring lbe inbekilleets of them regieris,usider the Go.
verameof of Ferifinend—ess above.messiiimed, they ispy
be destroyed; tat simnel he SobAssed, How eilignanietfliN
how generous, were Bntsisi so lend hit tree a small rev.
tints of hits wieldy silt Ilepestediy have I head the
Supreme, Chef *clue eatiliaily,
.1 l,re,bnt Great tlrissin
slued us piutretion. sad make us hp!. Weniket. sad we will
08,1 any fares of Cdoteroreeni ageeqiiiile in her' It ielyi.
deed that the iederendeere of Amish Americo will be produc-
tive oldie geramerd adesidegestei.or entire laud; so video,
site ""lrkell .10 be Miran' for lleyiesinufnei ere.. for which
Nu sclirriii 44 returns Heed eirer.lie.rapprerileil. and where
ass rivalify ems ever rind ; the 0 dam
.argimis rare
of the Arse isecessilj in Erinyes;.. raced, ifidir..; rode*,
inharen. rake; dregs, the preemie rariale; sad a variety
of trainable. dye sod salsa eruesis. British. industry sod c*.
pital womb, sicire.ree#pr Veweseehiseeeribily,Plweilive The
soil is hiseriartlY,rorit, red hot irifirag srpirtilis of labour
is required , to produce so ,tllll4 14111a4; rrtNrn. O ileTiO the
oppressive. hood of despotism has shimiel rendered 44 no avail
the hosentire of feature. The climate is healthy Iltruitglieessl,
with perhaps two ue share esevpinessei mid New Grenada,
nod in At oyper propiners 44 the Caoisaa, tines! spring
reigns. au all the fruits of the T. ultimo: es well as of
,the
Turd., ZOOS'. are 10 he fueled isi overedi
" The river ()erasure is sit Wolf • vo..eitiv iq no sore ;
slitiough Nosey r.Fris. erelonader, auknµtrusßesetscarries
LON seek on iselivisor Imily of wirer., qt Ant,mos4,,aberit
fdur bruselreel stillvnflueu iu the dry sense%
shove mewl, Nkomo in depth; and twelve hisiiiii‘A Shea
rorsewr Hp it is mill navigable'. mid commands an il, and
dlrrcl C...00m0ir.16.0 'riot the tritely, !Timm.. vr.yeAr.s
fieraras. noir. Ken ll:renenla., she emlt. y pf 'ilsc
zoto. acne riril so ih.r viciasty of Qll/10: It I.,voinierfed
with uasui Whey she Arise, ilia
• S•t- 'tom SIR slisoullOi Ida 1141111 s rise rreularly, sod

TUEATRILROYA4 HAYMARKET.
dIS EVENING, TUESDAY,. Sept, st
ill be perfarneed (ftwendeentb lime) New evened',
is *tee sets, edil.4
THE GREEN MAN.

The prie wird Characters by Mr. Pante. MV. flaessavd,
Mr. Cowen. y. %fr Tubely, Mr. Causer, Mb. Terry. Mr. Lys:
van, Mr it' alkinsau, Mr. Swims, Mr. Militias. her. IlheMaga.
worth. Mr. Appleby, Mrs. Glower, Miss F.. !*..chard, sari
Mis. Wiry .

After which (by particular desire) the rovse4y
IVIrl(1 WANTS A GUINEA
Tlvresi, Mr. Terry; Heartiry. lir. Foote; Horiaare,
Mr. Boris',; Solomon Gaudy. Mr. ; Raiford. Mr.
Waste ; ./, inath:to Ottl.birt. Mr. Watkinaoa ; Sr. Larry
Alsehlurr4 le, Mr. Cosner; Hraryr Mr. nartraird ; Andrew
Rant{, Mr.l 'likely; Carryflot, Kr. Mislay. Faany, Min Cope.
htut; Mrt . Glastonbury, Mrs. Davesport ; Amy, Misr
&sat.

Roars, 5 4.—Pot, 3s —Pint Gallery, 26.—Seetal Gal.
kvv,
be °resell at Sia, altd,lbe Parkeennor to belia
II %t

Nicer for the Hazes to he taken of Mr. Mansiairhaar, at
she 'Mesh".

N B—A I 'rival. Box Nig be had Nightly, Ii oppheatiaa
at Ilse Bus Mire.
T....m.rn.'•, The Geese Wan, The Passel, mud Barataria,
or %iittelpi se 111. J GUVenial.

R4DIC4L ICEFORIIIERS.

(1, Thurt 'lay, The Dow Nag ef the Ferret, ..d other
Lo.icr MI%

Last rooming e Meeting was held in New Palace..
vard, of which public notice had been given,
.by
merino of placards, industriously exhibiod through..
out the Metropolis. The idea of the Meeting ori-
ginated with a Corninitter„ composed of todia
viiluhlr, styling themselves " The Friends of
dical lieforin," and who are iti the. habit of
%enabling at the White Lieu public-house, in
11'yelt-street. Io consequence also Poitation, sign-
ed by the l'Autormari, a Mr. •ffirotifilwd, stet ilia
Secretary, Doctor %liaison, Mr.. Hunt cooseutad
to take the chair, on. tins occasion, A sort of
scaffold, composed of a law planks, listened toy
oilier by ropes, was hestily erected near the ruse
trance of Westminster Hall and, :to insure
full an atteinlance as possible, a cart paraded the
prim:Mel streets of Westminster during.tliesuorn.!
tog, ou three sides of which the.followisig Piscerd,
pistoled ins linenn was exhibited

NINTH NIGHT OF eIMATEURS AND &CUM&
Tit I.: .1 Ili E. SW fr .4 I. KVG LIM HI OP RUA, XTRAND.
EVENING. TuF.sohy. 5.,,. A,
Kill be oreareeleJ (for the Ids tune) • new Comic
,Optea, ih ta.• iris. called
.1 LOUS ON ALL SIDES:
(PR, TOR LANDLORD IN IFOPAROF.
The Overture cruel sew Music compared by Mr..106v.
1b I heirarerr. by Me. IlarieN Mr Wrench, Mr. Pear.
seas, ill Willeitese.n, Mr, Lancaster, Ur, Sadler, Mr.
Ms.. C.i w, reed Miss Lure.
Afire *llia (tth time) • galleal Farce, in.teru Acts (uut

t Aro trusts the Fresteh), entlett
AM A TEU RS ANDh ACTORS:

- .
Herta !tieing. EM. a Magical Drawiatir Amateur, who
Ms. vl, I'. Hawk. anti so ittLited to TitralrieNl4 and Mitt
ilatv II urolocrr, Mr. Korman; Mr. 0. P. Hattie, a pro_
real i.ol Vlanatrr, loot resgoogrot• to ooperisofrort mow pruritic
Tltratririls. Mr. Harky; Wing, a prow Country Actor.
Mr. iVidtlrh; Berry, an Atior for the' hrary bistirowt, Mr.
Pettier; Eldrrlterry, a rettred ilanufaclater, simple is *A
loot 114 Inl.trY. awl orttrrly tioacrinstaled wroth Tilol4fullills
Mr. 1..11141.; (;rofrry Alullineap, an elderly Charily fly,.
..ot a. o IN•rrallt al Hittite's Lodging, Me. Wilkins**.
)lo Miry liortlarre, a fintiaive ward of Eleirrbrrryga,
1... v..; Ilri. Mort, Gooorril, a amnesic Trir.ily Acteebs, issed
rv.l to kin hoohaud, airs. !Intend.
tos.clutle ailk (13th liar is 'Meagre) lire amid
!bromic:ll Ballet,eatl.J
Tl7l'. IF CAPI'AIN COOK.
1.'1026 ilr. T. P. ICrtake; lis Lienteetael, Mr.
M-Ln olio-mot of Mototres, Mr. Hart ; Itttat.wain. Mr.
sv.ot. ..... ; eultou (limy; of ilk 1,1•0411 °lll/41.-elle
Flosat orloii of Ore Mn. 1•060.111,
r. ~....00lo.00lo.lowyonoult (Heart's Itorroo, Moo L 14.1"*N.
•lia; 2111-e.ger.•oh (111111 r MI" IIAIWIP• • 1.1•1.1..1 lip' Posoloonsioof till staloolurrol, the
A 111.4 INDIAN IV Aftßlt )ICrt. lowly arrived 111
ts.:Lod, le -o.g Ii la.l uitl.t 6 I Four of 'brie ay./011111,111Cr.
.Itllu lw rd. ..... 'Ems, •• chow Chit Q 11.4.1,,,” 11,111
I •618,4 L, ": 114 I. ioro L.rrr, and Air. Wit-
"lt tumor.

64 angfi.ALL!t.t. . • .
MERTIND AT Dli.W ri4,,ACE-TARD,
TAM D,AT, AT TWEI,Tk Ii.CLUCK,"

The Meetrug was, however,. yeti thirsty attend..
ed—se circumstance probably owing 4 the superior
attractiuus held out to the " Saint Monday men,"
at Bartholesuew fair.
Soon alter twelve ll'elock, Mr. hunt, accompa.
laird by his deaf and dumb hrother. Dr. IVatsuss.
sod three Of four indsviilturfs, 'how persons were
tistkittowat iv us, arrived in a •hstchssey.coach, and
inumedsately MO:coaled the! scaffold. • •
After a short cutunellation with Isis friends, Mr,
HUNT stood forward, fir tire isorpase of explain,
ing the reasons which led to lets appearance us,
Cisairmats ef the Meeting. lie stated that ha
had received a letter Irma Mr. lilmtdrurd,
sag bow bleat he hod acted as Chairtuass of a.
Committee. which had come to the resolutism of.
calling • public wee/hug, to be held that day,—assel •
regiments* hint is undertake the omer of Chair.
!mut at such Meeting. Al!. Plersdfurd, and the lieu..
Orwell who acted with Ilaw.. oriodtstly stalest, 'lost
they were wen moving in the lustuble win k. of
alert they were ocui.reisresfittesl so Parlosioesii—atiti
had 'l° shoe..t' jo lusk)iiivtloose Jews by which theie
h
at. lOW hurtle-a were mlitteted. Therriore ,tt was
that 1.4 Y wishful to cull se Meetiniii sot IP petition
kirliaateut; but to
.retuoustrate with the Prniess
Urgent.. its. re WWI lauissage, uts their preaesic
sllustiota, wad to .eali tot him to siesta& thefts in.
Oicatistog their eight to rote. fur. ftlettibeis of:
esrliutsteist. fie tool !outsell loathing. to (lit will'
the rafting of dint Meetrei. further thutt thst •
when he was first appitetio.to„,he wrasr iit
steer, that lie was these particularly eng.sw-sf, Jim!,
requesting to liseiv, whether the drhoitil it fur 4

Letters from Mexico, slated 4id May IMO, and writlen by
• European Spaniard, gives Site following intelligence:-
11w Revolution runtiness-8 the mar, or even worse. I.
Ilagio the liasnrgente have cossisleeribly itemised their nom-
bees by emigratioti front other parts. Gesnaximin is in
danger of falling into their hand& Poverty, shirk daily is.
creases in that city (foimerly so opulent) gives great faeslitj,
to such as eves*. till/ Goverionert heal avaistml sys that sie
; shrubl receive every mouth • convoy frons,neastainsaks nis
wall as the quill (Cowen); moil tsar owloilis itwe Now -ihalmell
: eithuit our having received either : few more then six Weeks
we hive unt had' any intelligerce of what le doiag there.
The flails-silty of procuring quick-silver hale beessing ex.
tense; fat the carriage of three gesintfla from Vera Cries
to this.place, mete elegy +Alan. the distance heing eigboy
leagues • as G 19 the price is doable, the shimmer
heing 170 leagsatti. Alany estates io the euvirunspf Ibis
capital have been bliret, which hag canoed as molt ilisireee.
IN • word, this Misigdoes dims not present us with She term
hope of pacification in goings part. What • pity that Spain
should be eland to lose the gust preemies region us. cavils.
log want of pendent, josliciort, and anprejudisted Chiefs!
those we haver sinfortmsately, have been precipitate. or mu
raellskrut it themselves, and our Mioisters is Madrid have
been led nosy by the errossesioss issfissination they have re.
craved fonts tlle.. lila sassy part germinns this nufswitsnate
Ihreoluisissi might have brew happily ternsionted. if .she
tinverusneut bail acted with ergotism, mid iortead s.f anis-a.
file "'verso,, ertilice, deceit. and a conslant Iromrimenairom
uul lo respect the Law, of Noisome wills ibis lesureessis,
they hail, raipluyed insisluess and instil faith. Now 'f•••••
OM 175%04 in imp...o4e. We know plinsiively sisal Father
Torres Mar Ilarw•11•••••• k•••11(1resiv 11111101 us se ha. IMO*
j Potosi, althorns Ike fa•Tefillitt4l glut tvss

4.• (;rrai %sill Is ti•elock, al •
Prow..., id, at,d %% as 1111 l ~..w Alf the Si maul Pirser, lorloat
HI. Illessellicafr4 ene•ervatury, walk
111.'1141 We' 1111.1* 411. T. 1.. Si1(111/1116. ANSI I°hlllllo. TIRO
Loge 4.41 .1.4.1111 .1.1. t.nr, have hire esimirowleil, lie
111:.,,t %hat. a 1-.4.ll.hisig rosoloscab Ihrologle
dee
S. —l..swer (.411r.r, 2,..—lvierer
1.. ar.llal KW. ai idt law".
and Pi *air 11.. t. is, seamy lar liewe .4 4r.
n' 1/". II." 1411.11 1.• (noso
aa4 al remiwild. y, 170 Newt 110...1-41111
, .

To nowr.l.. Tlw w.lll.4assel•Nrs an.l &litter.
r. 191 7h I k. 4814,..
118. 4.14 tr6l4. 41 I itolletWesl*.• ii.l6-1 oir 13ois Jos:III. 4.r
The 1.48.r10w 1/110.41 !. VIII 1.. iwlftetword iur
lotee. 11.1. -• .6.04 31 I.il 64,161.
A to w Illw I.lla, ill 11 1,111.1 Th. 11. 11411 ts ou•: It
1411.
a...: 041 bpsli.ltl) tot.t;i4l(4.

! '
:: 4
..1
1
!o 1
1 .
1
, 1
i
i
I,'
, ft 1
1
. ~
- M ,
- .... ...-
