~~

r

!RANG.

CONSICIVATIVE SENATE TO THL MST COPSrI.

OF THE REPUBLIC.
Paris, Mal. 7.
" Citizen First Consul—The Cmservative Senate
repairs in u body to you, to thank you fin the com-
munication you have made to it, the 2d of this
month, by the Grand Judge. Minister of Justice,
of the original documents and authentic papers re-
lative to the atrocious plots laid against the State,
and against you, under cover of a diplomatic cha-
meter, by the Envoy of the King of England to
the Court of Munich.

" In ex.tmining these papers, and the report which
the Grand Judge has made to you of them, the
Senate has seen tht necessity of supplyirs7 for the
moment the funetions of that grand national tribunal,
the establishment of which is wanting to our insti-
,. tutions. A commission of five members has made '
to it a report which the senate has adopted, and
which it comes to present to you. Its publicity is
committed to the wisdom of the Government. Our
deliberations are essentially secret, and, in political
matters, we have for a maxim to let transpire only
what the Government may judge convenient to
corrmannicate to Europe. We say to Europe, be-
Cause it is not France alone that is concerned ; her
Cause is that of the whole world.
a However, relatively to France, the circum-
I stances make it a duty for the Senate to explain it-
r, tell' upon two important objeds, which the discovery
•f those horrible plots appears to it to render worthy
of your quickest and most serious attention.
.. At the si-,ht of all these attempts, fmm which
Providence has saved a hero necessary to its designs,
itfstst reflection his struck the Senate.
. " When they meditate your ruin, it is France they
mean to injure. The F.nglish and the Emigrants
know that your destiny i< that of the French people.
If due execrable projqls of the former had succeeded,
they little think cf the horrible vengeance which that
people would have taken of them. Heaven will pre-
serve the earth from the necessity the French would
be in of ;-;!aishing a crime, the consequences of
which would overturn die whole order of the world.
But that crime has been attempted, and it can be so
again ; we speak of vengeance, and eur laws have
not foreseen it.
4' Yes, Citizen First Consul, the Senate must tell
it you.
.. In organising our social order, your superior ge-
, ties has mad- an omission, which honours the ge-
neresiry of your charatter, but which, perhaps, aug-
ments your dangers and our fears. All our consti-
tutions, except that of the year R, had organised
either a high court, or a national
.1.117. You have
had the corSclence that such a tribunal would not
, be necessary. a-d posterity, which must give you
credit for ail that you have done, will also put to
your account all that you would not foresee.
" But, Citizen First Consul, you owe yourself to
the country. Teu have not the authority to negleft
your existence; and the Senate, which, in its es-
sence, is the preserver of the social raR of 30 mil-
lire's of men, demands, on their part, that the law
should urplaie itself upon the first object of this pre-

*.nation.

" Citizen First Consul, a grand national tribunal
wit asgire on the ere side the responsibility of the
public fun :.itinaries. and on the other it will offer to
conspirat as a tribunal quite ready, entirely invested
with the consistence and with the powers necessary
to maintain the safety and exigence of a great
i penile. attached to the safety and to the existence
of i.sellief.
I " But this national jury does not yet suffice to as.
rice, at the same time, both your life and your work,
if you ifo not add to it institutions so combined as
that their system may survive you. You found a
new ma; but you must eternise it. Brilliancy is
nothing without duration.
" We ca•inot doubt but this great idea has occu-
pied you ; for yoat plastic gei.iiis embraces every
thing and forgets nothing. But do n n defer.
" You ate pressed by time, by events, by conTira-
tors, by ambitious men. You are pressed, in ..nether
sense, by an inquietude which agitates all the French.
You can chain down time, master events, curb con-
I ipirators, disarm the ambitious, and tranquillise all
E imam by giving it institutions which may cement
1 =edifice, and prolong for the children what you
done for the fathers. Citizen First Consul, be
well assured that the Senate speaks to you here in
the name of aU the Citizens. All admire and love
' you ; but there are none who do not often think
i with anxiety, on what would become of the ship of
the Republic, if she had the misfortune to lose her
pilot benne being safe moored upon immoveable
asselinrs. In the cities, in the country, if you could
1111111aliMa all the French, one after another, there is
Not i
of them but would say to you, as well as
i 4
le, I man, complete your work, by render-
lig li. ' nal like your glory. Yon have drawn
us from t e chaos of the past ; you make us ble•.s
the benefits of the present ; guarantee to us the
fano,:
" In foreign courts, sound policy will hold the
lame language to you. The repose of France is the
secure pledge of the repose of Europe. Such, Citi-
zen First Consul, are the observations which the Se-
jpe has charged tutelar before you, and has given
.:F' us also the express mission to repeat to you, in its
sante, and it the name of the French people, that in
all circumstances, and now mere than ever, the Se.
pate and the people make only one with you.
(Signed) CA NE ACES ES, SECONCICOOSOI,President.
Mosamo or GALLES and JoseeitCoastioer,Sees.
Seen and sealed,
The Chancellor of the Senate, signed, Lan Ace."
S lint Cluocl, 3th Fiore.* Year 12.
MESSAGF.
SIONAFARTC, FIRST CO,l4Vt. OF THE .REPUSLIC, 10
INC CONStItt ATM SENATE.
a Senntor—Your Address of the 6th of last Germinal
has never ceased to be pigment to my thoughts It
has been the object of my most constant meditation.
" You have judged the hereditary power of the
supreme magistracy necessary, in order to shelter the
Fr:nch People completely from the plots of our ene•
%alai-% and From the agitations which arise from riv a
lientitions. It even appears to you, that many of our
freaitutions ought to be unproved, in order to secure
for ever site triumph of equality and pit'lic liberty,
, or 1 .).e.wy.t to the Nation and to the Guverament
-:.; d ',Lk guarantee they are in want of.
, • We have been constantly giiided by this grand
that Use sovereignty tesides in Use krencla

This Day—Warr Tvesont —Princes Ei.izAaays born—.
Holiday at the Poblir Offices.

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LON DON,
TUESDAY, MAY 22.

Organi.ed despotism, though less savage, is more
to be dreaded than anarchy, which contains within
itself the seeds of its own destruCtion ; while the
pillars of despotism, tieing artfully arranged for the
support of each other, as well as of that of the
general fabric, may stand for ages. Deplorable,
therefore, as the stuatien of Europe was under the
reign of Ro semi:ILSE, in 1794, the return of order,
and the end of polhical troubles, were then more
probable than now, since vile and wicked men have,
by the sacrifices of the honour of their country, and
the liberty and prosperity of their countrymen,
assisted BONAPA,TE to organise a revolutionary
anarchy,whicb extends it: destruetive and oppressive
influence over the most populous nations, over the
most fertile countries, and over the most delicious
climate.
The affenation of BON es sr, to be, like Au-
OMITS, the Emperor of a Rerublic, and his
pedantic imitations of the Roman Commonwealth
by his Senator', Prefeets, Tribunes, Questors, !cc.
are ridiculous, but not determined upon without
future views of aggrandisement. The half learned
set of Senators, '1 ribunes, Legislators, Sophists,
and lawyers, who constitute at present tic gitoi of
France in proclaiming Bota►at*t atl Emperor,
know vet y well, that of the twenty intivtnees, which
were added by the Roman% to their Empire during
the two last centuries of. the Republic, two only
have been conquered by the French Repubßeens ;
and eighteen, therefore, remain yet to be attacked,
plundered, and ruined. Many balmy them have
imitated and surpassed the Romans in ravaging
the eerth, aad enslaving nations; There is no
reason to be proud of having revived These bar-
barous times. The Roman Republic was grown
cid, and sinking in those seas of bLid made
by faftrons and Generals; whereas, it is in its
very cradle, that the French Republic is steep-
ed in infamy: it begins whete all great repub7
lies efiV it wish clariiir crimes, with wars of con-
quests, alt.b audacious and unprovoked a:tasks on
1 •

its neighbours, with slavery at home and oppression
abroad, with encouraging corruption an! spreading
desolation. There is, however, still less public
liberty existing in the French. Republic, than was
left at Rome under the SYLLAii and the tyrants who

succeeded them. but power itttiJLkes alive 111.111 a
organised anarchy ; and the citizen of Paris, like the
citizen of antient Rome, marches nut of his country
to be slain, in order to administer to the passion's of
an usurper. And what an usurper ! ' Never did
Rome sink to such disgrace. At lcast'the inbark-
sion of the peopld derived some little honour from
the eminence of their tyrant. C.'ES Alt was of a noble
family, and Aucust us was his nephew, and both
were Roman citizens; while the Vrinth Repub-
licans bow to the iron sceptre of art obictire,
cable foreign adventurer, whose hands are stained
with the blood of French citizens, fighting for his
authority, and combatiiy for his laurels ; who was
an assassin of Frenchmen before he was a com-
mander of French armies.

By the proposed change of government, /los A.
CARTE will gain an hereditary throne, but Europe
will gain no security against an universal iepublic.
On the contrary, every person acquainted with Bo-
NACARTe9 outrageously ambitious charaaer, and
the enterprising and propagating spirit of his coun-
sellors, may easily foresee, that after making all
the South of Europe an Italian or Spanish republic,
he will endeavour to revolutionise the North, and
that nothing but its strength and spirit can gave
it from disorganisation. Having no privileged
orders to sopport his throne, he must Make
some privileged republics its foundation, otherwise
the first years of his imperial and hereditary rank
will shew him the necessity of a revolutionary no•
bility, as well as of a revolutionary clergy. All
loyal and independent men must despise those na-
tions, who, that one may be free. are content to
be slaves, who first lift a tyrant into terror, and
then shriqk under his power, which their indolence
and imprudence have assisted to treate.

The Vineenjo brig, being becalmed in Quiberon
Bay, was lately taken by a flotilla of seventeen gun-
boats. Sir SYS/MEV SUITIII has been more fortu-
nate. A flotilla of fifty vessels lately came not of
Flushing to attack his little force ; but was defeated
with the loss of seven sunk, one taken, and between
twenty and thirty driven on shore. Sir JA Nees SA U-
K A REZ also attacked a flotilla of French gun-boats
on Friday last, on their passage from Cherbourg's to
Granville, and drove several of the►s on shore.
We have received Paris Papers to the 19th. Their
contents chiefly relate to the new change of Govern-
ment. The Messiotvr of the 10th contains Address«
in favour of the Estet soft and the ILit4telitafy
cession, from the City of Strad:tire'', lte Camp at
Brnyes, the Camp at Ostend, the Cd Division of/
the Camp at ()stem', and the Squadron in T.adon
Road. They are in the usual style, and destitute of
interest or variety.
Th- French Funds are stated to have risen tott'thit,
cccasion.—They are 57r. 5 sc.

Yesterday, about ten o'clock, the Lone CR A W.•
CES. LON and Mr. PITT had audience' of His
MAJESTY, which continued till near 12. Ina short
time after, His M IJESTY, accompanied try- the
Duke of CAM OR MGR, in his post-chariot, followed
by the Qoat.4 and Pattrcesses, attended by the
Countesses AvLeseuev,l and Cnantuan, in twe
coaches and four, took an airing on the Harrow-
road, and returned about half-past three, through
the principal streets at the West enclof the town.
Yesterday, at 12 o'clock, the RUSSIA?! ANII A S-
s AD() e had an audience of Lord Hnanowar, at
hirOffiee, which continued till past five.
Yesterday was appointed fur Ills MAJESTY to re-
ceive the REconDER'S Itepart'of the Conviets under
sentence of death-'-hut, at a late hottron Sunday
night, the LORD ANCAILI. 0 R RCM to the Recent-
DEM, informing him it Iva put off.
The Purser of the Sir 'Stephen loishiagion arrived
yesterday .the jpdia-House, with Ithe MOH..
seine of the safe arrival of that ship at Plymouth,
cominny with', the ships illntiral Gardner, Earl
and Clnrlien, and five whalers.
The Bari Hove, Admiral Gardner, Chigriton, and
Sir &epic's tushisgioockft•Rengul in Deternberlast,
and sailed fritorft.tielena; Ist'April ; left there the
&donate Nrt2fp.15.721 ontward-bourtel), and
nileyyearz, there since the
last acnunta teFre received
PASAiIgCrA pia Sir Stephen 1,4,A8 nsinn from Ilsn—
gal •

C.Ronef and Mrs. Glass and Family, Mrs Ron and Fr
Indy, Mrs. if Mtn Roberts. WI. Sheriff, Co Gir_
diner and Son, M.,* taadvin, • roved Rol., Fort Two Mir
Ron's... Wynn ht. Wallas Mr. Mown, Mr. Ge .rge S•iiith.

A letter from Yarmouth states,. that orders are
tired there on:Saturday from Commodore Sir SID.
NEY SWIM, foe.a.l the 7un brigs and cutters in the
Roads to proceed i:nmediately to sea and join the
srmsdron, as be was in hourly etrietgletiOn of-the
whole of the Dutch flotilla corning cult
Wi inderstortd Sif Va sem us flows* reappointed
Commander opens the ?Ivs-for.rdlind sratiud, in-rhe
mom of Adojral Giattati„a, atippintsti a Lori of
the Admiralty.
The 3d Regiment of Garda hose received orders
to hold themselves in reidiness h to Weir.
mr.uth, where the Roy intynd to be
against the SO of nut month. 7 •
• The Prima. sj: raise •packet, which wired on
Saturday night from Husum at Harwich, brought
over twenty passengers, among whom were the Earl
of A stito Capt. and Nis% L •Ito, and" several
Hanoverian recnrits. • *

/... BRITISH NAVY.
List of die- Ministerial fl:et ypon the Westmin-
ster station, unsler the command of Admiral PITT.
Guns •
Premier. ,„„irtten. wWilliamPitt, y,01„,.
Adnvir4, Con. in Chief
Cirtn. pg,441,_
n ofwalli;; csiA. Itc,-4.43,-
•1 a shuts.. ....74 Qiipt.lriik...in,on.
• Ebb,.
*Cm sti rroilet 74 Cspt. R. Stews+ L.
Cow& II • • '64 Ca pt Pratt. •
P.4yetAster • 41 cwt. G Rost.
l'Aimeer 44 Capt. CAnuirig.
•
with ,a large Rotilla of bombs, cutters, pinnace,
:brigs, arni gun vessels. The vessels marked thus
rwere taken trom the enemy in the late engagerr.ent,
whiCh Adintrol rlonis,.•rott was defeated, will
the loss of his whole fleet.

As it is expelled that this fleet will soon come
into anion, and a considerable degree of interest
attaches to it, the follotving account of the priccipal
ships mar prove acceptable :
The Premier is a very fast sailor, and carries very
weight' metal. She is built upon a very pee'shar
ctmit:uetion, being uncommonly long, consider.
ing her .breadth. The Premier's head is much
admired for the beauty of the inside. Her Pilot 1.;
the celebrated t. Pilot that weathei'd the Storm."
She has seen a great deal of service, but was, toe
• the last two years, laid up in ordinary at Dover.
• The Meltrilk. This vessel is built of Scusc fir,
and was originally in the East India Cmispany's
1 service.—Her timbers being old, and supposed tole
rotten, it was the general opinion that she would
have been condemned and broken up accordingly.
She has been stationed as a guardship for some time
in the Frith of Forth, and was lately used as a re-
ceiving ship to carry recruits from Scotland to the
fleet at Westminster. Upon this last trip, however,
she perlormed her voyage with such expedition, the
Admiralty have been induced to take her again into
the line. Her guns are all brass, and her head and
bottom are well copped. The A 1 dale was ter-
ribly mauled in the engagement off Ferrol, since
which she has stuck close to p,et. She distinguished
herself principally in her voyages in the Red Sea.
The Ifenalisbisry has. been employed for some
years past upon foreign stations.
The llarrasuby is not a vessel of great force, but
• she is very manageable; and being as light and
active as a frigate, is expe&ed to make great havoc
among the enemy's flotilla of gun-boats.
The Cavntreagh was originally upon the Irish
station, and lately in the service of the East India
, Company.
The Paymaster was formerly a slave ship in fie
Guinea Trade, and was used occasionally as t
Ministerial dung-barge. In the late war she took
several prizes in Treassmy Bay.
The Treq.uter carries a great deal too much sail
for her upper works, which are fir from being so'i-
stantial. Her only guns consist of a few ;utterer les
in her bow ; and, being a light shewy vessel, she
has been principallg.auached to the Admiral as a
sort of pleasure-boat..

hit.maiDiG
• •
Yesterday, about half pa;t two in the afternoon,
the .I,,fore and IVeshaoretand, two four-oared boats,
started from-Westminster-bridge to row through
Kew-bridge. a distance of eleven miles and a half.
against tide, for a Wager of twenty guineas. The
choice of•pietibis won by the Aurora, but before
thee. reached the shore the Wootareland came op
with her, and nearly turned her round ; the :brow,
, however, prevented her opponent from passing her.
'and contiaued a-head all the way up Millbank. C n
crossing from the Distillery to the Red I louse, the
OrearatervArroi again came. up with the Atmore, and
• after ASII:II)COIIICNI,pasSCA herani kept greatly a-head
LIMA they came near Putney, when the .!terse got
!very close to her adversary. After they passed the
bridge, the Mstmoriatod again got so .much whead
of the Aurerii.aut on the arrival of the latter at
Barnes, she gave up and went on shore. The IVea-
morqtari continued her course, and passed through
Icew-bridge at four o'clock, having performed the
distance in about an hour and a half, the shortca
time it ever was rowed in. The bridge was lino d
with speairtorel above and under the arches, who
saluted the victors with huzzas and a discharge
of small guns on their arrival. Considerable hots
were depending. The odds, previous to starting;
were in favour of the Aurora.

Yesterday being Whit-Monday, Greenwich dis-
played all Its attrattive charms of poppet-shows,
round-abouts, Scc. Kin in the Ring WAS the favourite
beftig preferred to even rolling dov.
