PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.

Thomas limier and Ambro.e Cuveney, chureb.atreet, wine-mer-
chann--Willlam Kay end Robert Dickenson, Onrenscres Moor, Oldham,
Lancaster. plumber. and glarten—William Williams and Francis Crowdy,
‘Vrotham, Ken, attorneys and solicitors.

The average price of Brown or hitercovido Sugar, computed from the
returns wade in the week ending the 19th tisy of April, ISA Is
11. I Is. lid. per hundred weight, exclusive of the duties of etertorns paid
or payable thereon on the Importation thereof Into Great Britain.

Average price of Corn from the returns received In the week ending
April 16, 1826.
Wheat. Barley. Oats. I Rye. I Beans. I Peas.
a. 11. s. d. a. d. s. d. s. d. s. d.
69 4 Z:: 6 23 6 33 111 36 II 37 9

MEETINGS OF CREDITORS.
AT TPli COVET Or CUMAIdAtONIIRi Or BAN akt:PTS. •ASIX•111•1.1.

•TII4RT.

TO-MORROW.

TIIIID NIIITINOS. ■,
Dar, W. T. Ranunernalth, giddier and borne-maker........ 1
Henessey, R. Hrury-lane, limber-merchant .. ...... ....„ lO
Hurst, O. IC In,-street, Chespside, furrier ......
Johnson, (;. King's St-nley, filoucmter.hire, wuolstspler
Mereweatber, W. Luna-acre, cosehmaker P
Peony, W. Fareham, Hants, common-brewer ll

••COND MICCSINOII.

Archer, W. Hartford, oilman — ll
Call, G. J. Bognor, Ease; banker
Culllmore, J. Tower Royal, and Cutle.court, Badge-row, lAA pro-
Tl.l...n.agent l2
Curwen, J. Great Eastcheap, tea-dealer lO
Hendricks, H. Thromnorton-street, merchant 2
I.ewla, W. Finch-lane, Cornbill, printer
111'Farlane, J. Georpe-4nret, Hanover-square, dram-maker 2
Marllller, F. J. jun. Adam's-court, Broad-street, merchant......
Samuda, R. Lave-lane, Stockwell coal-merchant .
Trollop, W. Whitechapel. sugar-refiner.. ........ .... ...... ....

VIII? lIIIITINGII.
Beaumont, R. Noble-street, ribbon-manufacturer ....
Bodenham, T. Commercial-road, grocer
Campbell. 1). Copthall.eoart. merehent ..... ...........
Kinnear, J. London, merchant •-• 11
Rogers, H. King-street, West Minithneld, twine-manufacturer
rnderdowa, J. Ramsgate, blacksmith .......... ....
Walton, W. Charles-street, Bliddlnes Hospital, 11nen-draper ll
Yates, I Finsbury and %Vestmorhuid-wharfs, City-rued, timber, clad,
and lime-merchant

DIVIDENDS.
Houghton, J. Manchester, linen-draper.—
Jackson, J. Dover, tailor
Philip,, N. and H. Devonshire-square, Sishopagate.street, and lilid-
dleses-street, Whitechapel, hatters . . . .
Singer. N. P. Liverpool, haberda.her
Smith, J. and F. Clement's-lane and St. Sw wine-mer-
chants
Thompson, J. Wolverhampton, draper

II
V

C EIITIFICATES.
James Warren, Cliptone-street, Atarylebune, chandler-shopkeeper—
Wm. Eras, Oxford-street, laceman—John Earle, Liverpool, corts-riealer
—Joseph Harmer, Great Surrey-street, stove-manufacturer—John Wells,
Bishopsgste-street-without, woollen-drapers—Thomas Yeldham, Totten-
harn-rourt.road,llnen.draper—William Rahttood, St. John's-street. Clerk-
towel!. grucer—Robett Calver, Norwich, miller—George Cross, Chaudos.
street, Covent-garden, victualler—James Wood, ilontague-close, South-
wark, and Upper Ranclagh-street, Pimlico, carman—James Butler, RI.
timid Butler, and Robert Butler, Au,tlu-friars, merchants and ►nsurance-
brokers.

WZDVERDAY.
PIR%T VICKTI4OI.
Deacon, T. Sklnner.‘treet, Snow -hill, tea-dealer.....
Kelly, P. Nurth-oaregt, Puplar, pruvlAton-merchant .

12

DIVIDEND.
Crldkiti, S. and R. A. and Rotten, S. H. Cbelmsford, bankers

TRU
SECOND YEITINOS.

ou.
Browne, H. H. Wlncheater-benoe Old Broad-street, wine-merchant 12
Dacia, N. Nicholas.pio..age, Nicholas-lane, Lombard-at:vet, merchant 1
Leigh, .1. Pinner's-hail court, merchant... ..
31orice, Great 'frinity•lane, baker and hour-factor ........... . 12
Williams, W. 11. BIN uard-oreet, Rumell-square, .... 1

FIRST MISTING!.
Taylor, C. Fleet-sireet, bookseller
Thompson, T. Waltham holy Cross, Essex, coal-mercbaat..

Suit Stock PRI2IIOCY'S OF BRITISH LT
3 per Cent. Red. 73* *
11 per Cent. Cons. 791 3
Ditto Acct. 791 1 79
83 par Cent. Red. t*s3 3
New 1 per Cont. 95 NI

POCKS ON SATL'RDAT.
Lang Ann. I 1 2-I6
India Bonds II V pa
I:x.11111. IWO!. 10 II pa
Ditto 6001.10 II pus
Ditto Small 10 II pas
Lottery Tickets 211. Ile.

.. 12
.. 12

The 111111111 Picas' coronsenced publishing on Saturday
morning at See o'clock.

LONDON, MONDAY, Aram 24, 1926.

The French Papers of Fridity and Saturday do not con-
tain anything of great interest. They are principally
filled with the debates in the French Chamber of Depu-
ties, on a motion for the production of documents relative
to the expenses of the war in Spain. M. DE CA MRON pro-
posed that a Special Commission should be appointed, for
examining the accounts of the war in Spain and the defini-
tive liquidation of the expenses of that war. He grounded
this proposition on the 4th Article of the Law of the '2lst
May 1625, by which the Ministers were ordered to pre-
sent those accounts, notwithstanding that the budget had
been previously fixed by the Chamber. He, therefore,
proposed, that the Commission for finally examining the
accounts of 1824, should at least he charged with the
examination of these expenses. M. BENJAMIN CON-
STANT observed, that the manner in which M. DE
CarsaoN had explained his proposition rendered it un-
necessary for him to enter into details. The Commission
on the accounts of 1824 had mistaken the extent of their
duties, and had pursued a course which would deprive the
Chamber of one of its most important rights. The debates
which took place on the article of the law mentioned by
M. DE CAMUON slimed on what grounds the amendment
had been adopted, and proved that Ministers then under-
' stood themselves to be bound by it to give an account of
these disbursements. M. FADETTE DE Sr. GEORGES ob-
jected to the consideration of the accounts of 1621 before
the final passing of those of 1823. M. DE LA BOURDON.
NATE, on a former occasion, had said that it was impossi-
ble to pass the accounts of 1824, because they did not in-
clude a bonus of three millions, resulting from the diffe-
rence between the expenditure and the estimate ; but
instead of a bonus of three millions, there was not one
of three centimes. The mistake had arisen from the tran-
sactions of the contractors, which were now before the
Tribunals; and the three millions was the sum which had
been paid to OUVRARD, &c. beyond their actual expenditure,
which would not appear on the account till it should be re-
covered from them. The Commission hail been accused
of not doing its duty ; but the majority of the Commission
did oot think themselves competent to examine the accounts;
and such an examination as that proposed, without any
draught of a law submitted to them, would he an infringe-
ment of the royal prerogative, and in fact a species
of resistance against the royal authority. The present
proposition seemed calculated to answer no purpose
but that of delaying the passing of the Finance Bills.
M. MARTIN DE VILLERS observed, that the question
touched very nearly one of•rhe most important prerogatives
of the Chamber—that of voting a tax, and afterwards
examining the manner of employing the money raised by
it. He concluded by demanding that the accounts should
he referred to the existing Commission. M. DANDIGNE
nr MAYNLUF, President of the Commission charged with
the examination of the accounts of 1824, observed that
Ministers had furnished the Chamber with the documents
relative to the war in Spain ; but they had been obliged
to decline the examination of them, on account of the diffi-
culties which had arisen. M. ne Vst.tessr referred to his
colleagues in the commission, to prove that the preceding
speaker was inaccurate, and that several of the Members
had requested the President to write to the Minister
at War on the subject. M. DE LA BOURDONNAYE
enkred into varietal' details, to sliew the impropriety
of examining the accounts of 1821 before passing
those of 1823. The bonus which had been alluded
to was 2,260,000 francs. M. DE VILLELE observed, that
instead of a bonus there was a deficiency. It was said
that 167 only out of 170 millions, voted by the Chambers,
had been actually paid by the Treasury; but the fact
was, that not more than 163 millions had been really
paid for the expenses of the war in Spain. The
President of the Council then read a note from the
Minister at War, respecting the liquidation .of the ex-
penses of the Spanish war, by which it appeared that all
had been paid, and that a surplus of 800,000 francs still
remained disposable in the hands of the Treasury. As to
the proposition in question, it was completely superfluous,
and it would be snore proper to make such remarks as
might be necessary in the discussion on the accounts of
1821. M. DE CAMBON then submitted a new proposition,
for enabling the Commission on the accounts of 1821 to
take the expenses of the Spanish war into consideration ;
but the Chamber rejected it by a considerable majority.
The discussion on the accounts of 1824 was then fixed
for Monday.

[From the Etnik, dated Saturday, April 22.]
Letters from Constantinople, of 29th March, say that Ibrahim
Paeha had sent 13 Tartars to announce his late successes. The
fall of Missolonghi is imminent since the taking of Vassiladi and
Anatolico. The heads of some hundred Christians are exposed at
the gate of the Seraglio, and it Is affirmed that Ibrahim has given
orders that not a t bristian shall be left alive in Missolonghi, nor
any capitulation be agreed to. On the other hand, it is said that
the garrison are resolved to sell their lives dear. If the news of
the success of the Egyptian should be confirmed, it may be natu-

rally supposed that the negotiations of Mr. S. Canning with the Di.
van, in favour of the Weeks, will meet with more difficaliim.

DRESDEN, A PIIIL 12.

The funeral of the Princess Canegonda took place yesterday
evening, at seven o'clock. The body was deposited in the family
vault in the Catholic church, according to the wish of the deceased.
The body did not lie in stare, and the funeral was performed with-
out poop. •

PROCEEDINGS AGAINST TIIE ABBE DE LA
HENNA'S.
BITTING OF 2IEVF APRIL.

M. Berryer, in a bri,lisnt discourse, maintained particularly
that the Civil Tribunals are incompetent to decide upon religious
doctrines.
The Abbe de la Mennais added some words to the defenre of M.
Berryer, and the Court fixed to-morrow for ittrising sentence.

From the Cobrrirr k:rawais.l

The ship Les Ong Freres, bound for Alexandria, in Egypt,
sailed fur Marseilles the 14th, in the morning. It has on board a
certain number of officers, with the rank of Chief of Battalion, or
Captains. could mention their names, if the Ministry should
be tempted to deny the fact which we allege. From the statements
which we find in the letters of our enrespondenta, we are all.autho.
riscd to ask the Ministry the following questions :
Are thereat Toulon chevaresembling cheats of arms, destined for
Egypt, which were to bare been shipped at Marseilles, but which
will be sent another way, that the public may not be informed of
it, and that the consignment may remain secret ?
Have the ships or the Royal Navy which have been to Alex.
andria, or ate going thither, no more artillery, ammunition, and
musket,' put on board, than the quantity prescribed by the regula.
tions according to the rate?
The Ministry will, doubtless, no more, answer these questions
than all the others, which hive been addressed to It en the same
subject. But this very silendr will be a new proof of its barbarous
partiality t the I'acha of Egypt. and of its secret alliance with the
scourge of the Christians of the Earn.
I,Fron, the Pilole.]
_ PARIS, APRIL 20.

........,
The Diario di llama of the oth April announces that, on the
20th of March, the Greek fleet of sixty sail arrived before 31is-

Ftexcx Fustris.—PAnis, APRIL 21 —Five per Cents., 06f.
65e.; Three per Cents., 64f. 05c.; flank Stock, 2,022 f. 50c.;
Rentes de Naples, 7 if. Ilk.; Rentes d'Espagnc, 8; Royal Spa-
nish Loan, .if. ; Ilaytian Loan, 765f.—Exchange nn London,
one month, 25f. 60c. ; Three ditto, 25r. 30c.—Coors Anthentique.

we have received Ilamburgh and German Myers, ex-
tracts front which will be found in another column, but we
must admit that they possess little interest. In the German
l'apers there is not a syllable respecting Greece; nor is there
in the Russian intelligence, supplied by the Ilamburgh
Papers, the least hint or allusion to the probable policy of
the new Emperor of Russia as regards that unhappy coun-
try. If the Duke of WELLINGTON has failed to infuse
into the mind of Nictiol as the fair and liberal sentiments
entertained by the British Cabinet with respect to Greece,
his Grace has at least got some honour by his journey.
The Smolensko Regiment, originally organised by Per ER
the Great, is henceforth to be called "The Duke of IVE
LINGTON'S Regiment."

We have also received Flanders and Dutch Papers, in
the former of which we have the sketch of a speech de-
livered by a Mr. VAN ALPIIAN, in the Second Chamber of
the States General (their Ilouse of Commons), in which
he declares Java to be the centre and solid basis of a regu-
lar empire, which (of all things in the world) possesses
within itself " the elements of strength and prosperity."
Now, is not all this very strange, when we know, not only
by these very Papers, but by the Dutch Journals for some
time past (indeed ever since the evacuation of Java by the
British), that that island, and also several of those adjoin-
ing, have been in a state of general insurrection against the
Dutch domination in the Moluccan Archipelago? It is
evident, from the accounts of the Dutch themselves, that
their dominion in Java is held on a frail and slippery tenure,
and we may expect that, when driven from that great and
valuable island, as it might be made, they will not long re-
tain possession of Sumatra, the sovereignty of which we
gave up to them in exchange for the two valuable settle-
ments on the Malay coast—those of Singapore and Malacca.

At a late hour last night we received American Papers to
the 2d inst., from which the following are extracts :

NEW YORE, MARCH Mt
EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM A MEMBER OF CONGRESS

TO THE 1.1)110E5,,, DATED

•4 Washington, March 25.
" Gentlemen—lt is probably expected by those engaged in the
West India trade, that the I'reaident will be authorised during this
Session of Congress, to remove the existing discriminating duties
of Impost and tonnage. Such a me,soure was contemplated early in
the Session, and one of that character will probably be proposed
but as flovernment seems to prefer negotiation, it may be opposed,
and the measure may be defeated. Believing that negotiation can
obtain for ds no better terms than those conceded by the Acts of
Parliament of last year, I regret that a course has been decided
upon which will occasion sonic delay in removing these discrimi.
nations."

PHILADELPHIA, MARCH 30.
CONGRESS.
The House of Representatives was occupied on Monday last, in
the discussion of the Resolution offered on Saturday, by Mr.
on the subject of a pledge to the South American Re-
publics. The Resolution underwent a variety of modifications, anti
was finally agreed to, without a dissenting voice. The House after.
wards went into Committee on the Bill to provide for an additional
naval force. The object of this force is to protect our commerce on
the eastern coast of South America, during the war between the
Emperor of Brazil and Buenos Ayres. The Bill experienced no
opposition, but went through a Committee.land was ordered to be
engrossed, anti read a third time on Tuesday.
I'he Select Committee appointed on the subject of adjournment,
made a report ye.terday, stating the impracticability of reporting a
day for the termination of the present Session, until the pressure of
business should be lessened.

NEW Yoni, MARCH 29.
The acknowledgment of the blockade of die Rio de La Plata,
by the American and British agents at Buenos Ayres, as mentioned
yesterday is fully confirmed by letters. via Havana, received in
'Philadelphia. Orly four days were allowed for vessels to leave
Buenos Ayres. Our letter says, " This event has caused an enor-
mous advance on cargoes just arrived, and the like effect will be
felt here on cargoes of jerked beef, now on board. Holders will
not sell at present, and should we have no arrivals for two weeks,
the article will no doubt advance materially."
A meeting was cunvered at Baltimore on Saturday, to take melt-
cures for the relief of Thomas Jefferson. After an appropriate
address, a resolution was passed, that they will contribute to raise
a fund, to be subject to his d!sposition,and a committee of five per-
sons was appointed to superintend the collection of the said fund.
CHARLEi'I'I►N MARKET, !Battu,' 19.
COT Tows.-One or two sales of the finer qualities of Sea
Islands have been effected in the course of the week, but the price
is not named. In Santees, a reduction in price has been submitted
tu, sales having been made as low as 2d and 29 cents. The de-
mand for Uplands has been hut moderate, and although the ex-
treme quotations may be considered nearly the same as given in our
last, yet purchases of the middling qualities have been made of a
reduction of a quarter to a half of a cent. in the pound on last
week's operations.
Rice..—The sales of the week have not been heavy, and • re-
duction of from fit to l 2 cents, in the hundred, on the prices of the
preceding week, has generally been submitted to.
Fit El 0 II T 3.—The number of vessels in port having considerably
diminished, freights appear likely to improve • 10. per lb. for cot.
ton to England, and I l cents to France, is the highest, however,
that has as yet bean paid.

MOBILE, MARCH 7.
COTTOB.—SaIes have been extensive during the week past, and
on Saturday the market was very active at 10 to 13 cents. The
sales were chiefly at 12 to 121 • but a .few parcels, and those very
choice. reached 13. The market was yesterday not quite Po brisk,
and ordinary to prime lots receded shout ball' a cent. The late
Liverpool advises have had very little effect as yet.
Freights to Liverpool, Id. ; France, 2 cents : New York,
dull.
Exchange on New York-60 days, 2 per cent. die.

We had occasion lately to make an allusion to the alarm
sometimes entertained with regard to the stability of our
rule in India, from the continually increasing power of
Russia ; and it is our purpose at present to take a brief
view of the general policy of our Government in that im-
portant division of the empire.

In the remarks which we formerly made on the circum-
stances which oppose any attack on India by Russia, we

observed that the independent character of the tribes •nn.
minally subject to Russia, and adjoining to our Indio
possessions, rendered it as easy for England to march an
army through their country as it would be for Russia her.
self. The observations of Mr. Mooacaorr, in the Calcutta
Government Gazette, made during his journey to linkhara
give no prospects which could encourage any attempts a;
invasion on the side of Independent Tartary. Re states
that the last caravan from Russia to Rokhara (formerly
the central mart for the internal trade of Asia) was Am.
dered five years ago by the Oorgunjees ; that four or five
thousand Russians are in a state of actual slavery among
thes;orwtyaryleikaersf,reaenbtr
thtearts,msaomn
y o
e off had n
havingebeecan
forpture eleven
by the Yemoota, on the shores of the Caspian,
Mooacaorr himself purchaved three of them at Ilok.
hare, but was obliged to return them, as such sales wire
not permitted in that capital. In short, so little is the
power of Russia respected in that quarter, that her wry
lucrative anti important inland trade in that direction has
for five years been entirely abandoned, on account of the
hostility of the Tartar tribes, who respect the Russian
name as much as the Algerines do the Spanish.

By a principle, perhaps inseparable from human nature,
those nations which are most distant are generally the most
friendly. The power of Russia is unpopular in the
countries adjoining it, and our own power is in like man.
nor an object of jealousy among our more immediate ns igh.
hours. The petty States, scattered about on the north and
west of our Indian empire, are principally kept from hos.
tilities by the respect entertained for our military prowese
It becomes therefore of the utmost importance to maintain
their good opinion at all hazards; and that with so much
the more caution, as it is not founded in physical force, but
in moral causes, which the reverse of a moment may anni.
hilate. This circumstance, it is true, has in all ages been
pleaded as an excuse for perseverance in the career of
conquest; and that career having been entered upon, we
must follow it up. If we are not prepared to abandon
India altogether, there is no alternative but to submit
tamely to the insolence of the native States, or to chastise
them, by making them feel our power, and by taking the
means out of their hands of repeating their insults.
The India Gazette has declared that foolhardiness alone
can maintain that the natives are attached to Europeans.
What, in fact, can be expected among a people whose senti-
ments are so little known, that even the regulations for
securing the most important objects of justice—the ceremo-
nies attending the administration of an oath—are considered
by the Hindus as not only not obligatory, but as a dis-
graceful insult to their religious feelings? Even where we
have laboured in the manner for which we have most rea-
son to be satisfied with our conduct, where we have merely
restrained evil and promoted the good of the Hindus them-
selves, we have frequently been opposed and thwarted in
our objects. The Bunibay Gazette published lately an
" account of the inhabitants of Colapore and its vicinity;
of their disposition to encroach on the neighbouring states;
and the plundering and piratical habits in which they
freely indulged, till the British Government taught them
that, however long the practice had existed, our policy ad.
milted of no prescriptive right to the prejudice of mankind.
These wholesome admonitions, aided by occasional argu-
ments calculated to produce conviction, for a time had their
desired effect ; but the turbulent spirit of the Rajah has ever
borne restraint with an ill grace, and after many demon-
strations of a wish to resume his former lawless system
and repeated acts of annoyance, lie has been weak enough
to evince hostile intentions by assembling his troops and
repairing his fortifications, in open defiance of every
friendly remonstrance on the part of those authorities, to
which the surrounding country has hitherto been indebted
for the enjoyment of security against rapine and murder.
This breach of compact, we have been informed, has com-
pelled the immediate preparation of' a very considerable
force in the neighbourhood of Colapore; and we are happy
to find it will be of such a nature as to leave little chance
of a second lesson ever being required."
It is now many years sines Gen. LAKE made his attack
on Bhurtpore, the result of which was, the most consider-
able check which) the British arms ever experienced in
India—a check occasioned merely by the overweening cona
fidence of our countrymen, who attempted to storm without
examining the defences, and sacrificed 3,200 men, less from
the strength of the fortress, or the skill and bravery of the
enemy, than from their own negligence and imprudence.
This unsuccessful attack has not been forgotten in the
Rajpoot territory, and it is expected that the siege of
Bhurtpore will only be the commencement of the war,
there being no less than 13 or 14 forts in the possession of
minor Rajahs who are supposed to be favourable to Boos-
JU N Sat.. That Prince would never have ventured to brave
the British power by usurping the Guddy,and by dethroning
his cousin Be eutusrat SINGH, who had received his killaat
or robe of investiture from Sir I). Oc TEIII.ONY, if he had
not been sure of the support of his neighbours; and that
support could never have been obtained, if the memory of the
former successful opposition to the British arms had not re•
mained in that district to encourage future resistance. The
strong similitude between the causes of this war, on our part,
and that of the Romans against Ju c Sr ;lA, cannot fail to
sorike every reader. If Be LDEO SING 'Mike Miura*, hail ob-
tained the British guarantee for the succession of two of
his sons instead of cne, the resemblance would have been
perfect. It is not at all unlikely that the young Rajah
will meet the same fate as the sons of Mresesa, sines his
cousin has threatened to cut off' his head as soon as a shot
is fired. It is evident, in regard to this war at least, that
it is forced upon us, and that our honour and character are
alike at stake on its prosecution.
With respect to the Burmese war, much has been said of
its isnpolicy and its needlessness. We shall not waste time
in recapitulating the particular insults and direct encroach-
ments on our territories which gave rise to this war.
The tame endurance of such conduct would be as preju-
dicial to our actual interests as it would be to our future
character and prospects. We shall merely allude to the
insolent tone of these Asiatic despots. Ile who maintains
that such a tone of insolence has little influence on the
affairs of nations so situated, must be ignorant of history,
of policy, and of all the moving springs of civilised er bar-
barian society. Its effects not only extend to the subjects
of the States themselves, and excite them to a continued
course of vexatious conduct in commercial intercourse, but
they communicate themselves, by a sort of infection, to the
subjects of our own dominions, and sap that respect which
is the best security of their allegiance. Europeans may
laugh at the pretensions of the successors of ALOM PRA—
may smile at the empty edicts of the Chinese Monarch—
and may treat the haughty assumptions and threats of the
Monarch of Cochin China, as equally ridiculous with the
high idea of his own power, which prompted him to say
that he could have put an end to the French war at once, if
his assistance had been asked for that purpose. Though
we are aware of the futility of all these pretensions, the
natives are not ; awl the consequence is, that, in all the
transactions of commerce, they invariably treat us precisely
