and , botOoge to their
The gallant Green%
eircatortmores

mortal tory,
by pp! jotisas / far
to retrieve the fate of their counirte
Flea any 'Nog tarnished the lustre of ptcse rverits ?
No, ever feeling of personal wroug, 4ioy even
the rigid ciainsa of jasper, were merifroml at she
altar of their country's good, because every iodi-
virtual felt that it was his duty to rally around the
cause of hits country. Never had painorista been
more fully displayed, never hail public good ob-
tained a more complete victory over huotso pits-
violin. But the Emperor of Russia saw the over-
throw of superstition and tyranny with displeasure.
(A laugh.)—lle celled on the regenerated Govern-
ment of Spain to stigmatise as rebels and ludo%
and disown the acts of her brave soldiery, in esta-
blish her ancient Government—lo reconstruct the
loquisition—to raise again the engines of torture.
and to fill the prisons with the most illustrious
victims. and then his Majesty would be gra-
ciously pleased to forgive, if not forget their
excesses. He (Sir Robert Wilson) would say to
him (and no man living had a better right to soy
so), iu the Isuguage of the Scythian Anihastailors
to Alexander the Great, ,‘ Great as is your
power, valorous as are your armies, still remember
that Fortune is a power which has no feet, she
moves on wings, and if you attempt to seise her,
she will fly from your grasp." He said that Spain
had a right in see the cloven foot in all the acts of
the Holy Alliance. After noticing, in terms of pa-
rtegyric, the exertions of Lord Cochrane in the Call**
of South American intlepentleoce, lie observed, that
it was an ill wind which blew nobody good ; for if
there was nothing else, our poverty would prevent
the Government of this country from attempting to
interfere in the interim' affairs of others. The

Nut General then alluded to the chatigrs in Naples
and Portugal, and added, that with respect to
SMiiy he had sera letters that day which afforded
the strongrot reason to hope that these would he a
most cordial union between that island and Naples,
lie should forbear adverting, to many domestic
topics, bring of opinion that they ought not to be
mixed up with the business of that day, and hoping
that a fit opportunity would shortly ha afforded for
their &sum. . A dechirat had been put into
his hand., which he thought it his duty to submit
to them. fie hoped they would adopt it, and that
it would go forth to Europe stamped with the ap-
probation of this meeting. He then read the De-
claration, prefaced by a Resolution, as follow. :
ItswitArvioa.—That when a new Confederacy seams to be
limning against the independence and rights of nations, it
is hereby agreed, that wish a view of manifesting to Europe
the sentiments of lie Britiali people in favour of just, rat must,
and pacific State reforms, whenever such have been or may
be necessary, that we make public she following

slavery, hum the greatest part of the civilised world,
" The act of writiug is pitiful, Ito 1 most be short; hat
I Isii;v been lung enough, if I have sufficiently expressed my
feelitiga upon the great event yorvare met to celtlirate. I
must wit, however, drop my pen, without saying a sword or
Iwo respecting oar gallant countryman, Lord Cochrane, who
is displaying so much ►nergy, talent, and virtue in the same
glorious cause, iii anothe► hemisphere, 'overcoming by his
genius obstacles which to all minds host his own appear in.
surinunittahle, and, by performing, snaking muscles to cease.
From the highest to the lowest, all who have the happiness to
serve under adore him. Maybe return loaded with wealth and
honour to his native land! nod having mainly contribulyd to
the establishment °filbert), in the New World, may hr Sod it
and enjoy it long on his return to the Old ! F this
digression, but when liberty is the theme, the name of
Cochrane, our great, our glanions, our ill-trearerl country.
man—our countryman of wbum we are proud, call never Ise
foreign to the subject. Allow me, though mit present, to
propose a toa►t—' Lord Cochrane, and the Cause of Liberty
in South Ann lira.'
" 1 have the honour to be, Ceutlemen,
" Your obedient humble Servant,
" FRANCIS BURDETT."

The PRESIDENT then gate—
" The health of Sir Francis Bordett"—which was drank
with the warmest demonairstiows of respect mad attach.
sweat —Air, " The free and accepted Mason."
A gentleman' of thw name of MustPtiY then
Rave the ow,
." Peruvians, woke to slaty ."' in ad-
mirable style.
Mr. BENNETT. M.P. proposed the twat toast,
which hr prefaced with a 'Pry animated stiereh—s
" Generals Quiroga and Ries°, and their gallant com-
rades, the driiterers of their cauutry."—Air, .4 The Spanish
Pstriuts." _ _

;VII.. O'MEARA (whom we understood to he a
Spaniard) then sung an appropriate Spinii4l *wig
with micommon musical power and and in
the mo-t enthusiastic manner, which, agreeably to
the general wi-lies of the company, as d the request
of the Chairman, wait irlieated. .

Sir G. N OEI. proposed the next tout, Which he
accompanied by • few brief c ttttt memo—
" Spanish Revenge!!'—For Dungeons, Chains, Exile,
and. Ext.cootions—Forgivertess! • beat Thrmie ! and
Caoatitutiou securing to individual Mass, I.therty and Pro,.
pert'—to the Community, Prosperity and (dory!"
J. Hume, Esq. 11.1'. proposed the toast the next
to •
order—:,
" sneers@ to Naples and Sicily, in amicably adjusting
their future relationship, and in coasolidating their fieedoro:,
The CHAIRMAN then stated (in observance of
the clam requisiti of the assembly), that
the next toast would be offered to them by one of
the Repr.sentntives of Wertininster.
Mr. 1101111008 E then rotor, sod made his me-
knowledgmeists for the Fluttering attention whirls
he had generally received from leis constituent..
After some very spirited remarks upon the vices
of Governments, and the eaus a •Incli generally
impelled rritioratiou and improvement ro 'item, the
lion. Member adverted particularly to the French
Rcvolution, which, though it had hero ch,tigured
everotwally by the atterities of Murat soil Robes-
pierre, had beeu first of all characterised by the
mild slid philosophic spirit of Roland 1111.1 Rous-
seau. lie concluded q proposing the health of •
genuine patriot of dr* F reueb, R. VON/11011
Tisant —" LA Fayette"—threr limes three, and loud cheers.
Toire—" Ca Ire."

Alderman IVonn Paid, that a toast had been in-
trusted to him to propose, he supmosed on account
of i s briefings, and because he was no orator. He
intimated that a great question, in which lie was
particularly busied, might give additional rViII•01111
why he should not be dusted with a snore circum-
stantial toast. as lie was an occupied by that parti-
cular ques ion as to be prevented burn interfering
with tiny other, or even from reading a newvaper.
That question, however. was not altogether out of
the inernitsg of the toast which lie had to propose
to tbent, winch was in very lew words,
" Old England."—Ormik with Moil acclamations.
Mr. PEARAON rose, rod amidst much in-
terruption, attempted to propose a toast.
The CHAIRMAN MM., mid imlti that he had re-
ceived no notice of the Gentleman's iutention, nor
of the toast which he VII eint to props.:. lie ap-
pealed to the comparov if such a mode of transact-
.
i4gr bus nem were ottlone•silde.
The Bee. Mr. HATES then rose, and after a very
eloquent speed. ou the importance of sentimental
liberality and %mini 11l il y, concluded by giving—
" May those who seek Freedom in Rfligillll, Freedom
of Person, or Freedom of the Press, not fail to discover,
that, would they enjoy any of these, they must first secure
that whole, of winch these ate parts; namely, Full, Fair, and
Flee Representative Govetnistreht."
The festivittes continued until a lee-hour of the
reght. 100 the cotetse of it the following toasts were
given, and (batik with touch unity-valor) :
u Success to Porlogal, and may her efforts replace her
with dignity on the roll of free soitions."
" Tiial by Jury, unpacked by corrupt functionaries, nu-
istfueoirwl-bv timeoseming interpreters uf law."
" May istitusted Steers recollect in time that irrOtirg,
persecutions. irrnelts, sod tweak, lend to revolutionary ven-
geance and the subversion of thrones!"
" The Atocrican President said Citizens of Twenty-one
United free sod hapoy Consmuuwealdis."
" A Bleasioz on South American Patriotism, that Freedom
may hold it lice mitt connate embrace, her loving Children of
the Two Worlds:'

NEXT THUILSDAY 4,500 TICKETS TO RC DRAWN
WILL BE PRIZES-TU.() £20.000, tivO
£IO,OOO IN Till FIRST FIVE Al I-
MEMO-7A LL IN STERLING SION EY.
i;B 117 i i 13.11,E55.

I.ON DQN,
TUESDAY. OCTOIIFR 3, imeo.

The day has at length arrived to which the peo-
ple, of this country have looked with greate► anxiety
flow Wsll4 perhaps ever before excited by the ex-
pectation of any public event. This day the Hour'.
of Lords will re-assemble ferAhe.porpese of herr-
ing the Qttertes Cornsrl (yen the case for her
MAJESTY'S. deteoce. That the defence will eat.'
breee a variety of matter, sissy be presottsed•ftom
the great noilther or witotsftea who have elte.Ody
arrived in this cohntry to testify in her MAJEs-rv's

liNfswloti
JlO9

him
so often had occasion to condemn, but ou.pritil the
exprealion of our opinions until the evidence for the
dell•ncte has been il-sloped. We are happy to
le.int that Mr. BROUGHAM'S health has been COle
siderably improved by his late trip to the country ;
Ins exertiiins this day will, no doubt, put Ins
stresigth to a severe trial, for he will have nut oily
to lay ()Iwo thr stature of his lllast►ious Client's
defence, but also to continent upon the voluminous
evidence that has been already adduced against lore
JI AJ RIMY.

Processions very rtimerows, and formed of per-
ions whose c'isrseters and stations isi life OM far
above the miserable nibbliog of the Treasury
prints, conveyed Addresses yesterday to her
MAJESTY. which must be allowed to speak the
sentiments of large hod es of tlw people—of the
inselligence and wealth of the country. This day
will be still further distinguished by the ardent
expres►iou of popular favour iu her
Wulff, under circummunices too that give to she
occurrence an extraordinary interest. We must
confess that we do out %sew the procession of
18.000 wsterinen mid liglitermen with feelings of
issisfaction ; but nothing, we think, con display
more forcibly the sluing and decided impression
made by the proceedings now pending agai..st the
Qu ESN ahon sloe public mind, thou the circum-
stance that the wateriness 'keg the river, and
provribluily reckless of political occurrences,
should arouse themselves end give public expres-ion
to their frellisgs upon this vise.

The substance of at communication from the
Finp:fror of AUSTRIA to the Getman Stotts upon
the subji-ct of tie Revolution in Maple!, is given
in another part of our Paper.

The Paris Papers of Friday la►t confirm the in-
telligence we communicated yesterday, re►pecting
the accorchement of the lluche►s of naallY, and
the birth of a Prince. The happy event occurred
on Friday morning, at a quarter pest two o'clock,
and was itis:antly announced to the capital by the
discharge of cannon and the riming, of bells.
The several journals of Paris stopped their
presses to communicate the joyous intelligence. as
we find by these paragraphs :

hunt the Maniteitr, Fire o'Clock in the Morning
—•• We stop the press. The tumid of cannon is
heard. Mad. the Duchess of BERRY is happily
delivered of a Prince."

The Gazette de France.--" Her Rnyal Highness
the Duchrps of BERRY has been delivered of a
Prince. The mother and infant are well. The
discharge of cannon and the ringing of bells an-
nounced this happy event."—(Seplember 29, Foote
o'Clack in the Morning.)
The•Joarnol des Details, P. S. Sept. 29. Foc►
o'llock in the Alornins,•.—" The *Wits of France
ere fulfilled ! Her Royal nighties.; the Duchess of
I;ERRY was delivered of a Prince this manila; at
a quarter past two o'clock."

We find by intelligence from Vienna, that
Prince Merrynxicti, on the Wilt of Septem-
ber, communicated to the Neapolitan P'inre DE
I.U, a declaration that 1. site Great Powers
of Europe were fully agreed wet to acknowledge
the existing ►tote of affairs in the kingdom of the
Two Sicilia', because that state has been effected by
force of arms, and that its consequence the Powers
had resolved nut to receive a Plenipotentiary or Mi-
nister on the part of the supreme authority at
Naples, which had been established by force of
arms." This resolution on the part of the Allied
Powers (Great Britain, we hope, not being included)
is as unwarrantable interference in the affairs of
Naples, and it marks the cowardice as strongly
as the cruelty of the conspirators against the
liberties of Naples ; for although the regeneration
of Spain was effected by force of arms as much as
that of Naples, we do not find Austria and the other
Powers presuming to dictate negatively to the
Cortes by excluafing Spain from the pale of
the trivial system.

The French Fire per Cents. are 74 1.; Bonk
Stock 1,355 1.

The following i. an extract of a private letter

from PJ ris :

" PARIS, SEPTEMBER 28.

U M. BEMOAN! arrived yesterday morning in this
.qipiipl, in the Rue de Is Paix, tool• post
horses, and set out immediately afterwards for
Calais."

Boston Papers to the Bth a September, and
New York to the 11th of September, have arrived.

•.- •
. • ..
ddo heossge to their 'noble crofts food oiciikos Purulent, Naples " . ,
•Itt ittsoirostlee fit: and if we woo toweigh the
eitycoonfressihrooper:inrivitisi
The gallsot Gram% then rapidly advorted go the induence, leilkiiist est Wi' especially', um
1
the intruding the tate revol ati ass isSpaitt,
the hopelsof the notion when their Sovereign woe re- adelnitr(47.Brlnimihr7eyWaelillhec°l:74l:::llll4lperirs of filial: liabeitlailenlani. 'dubs Iregires• :08CII:ptipy eat thecourPelisi thitv.:airdr:—Pecontadbwil
stored teixissitrouww:t their substque.td ft.setzegietk. dosagssony. wirs7reir:e j;igify:,,, IL d Po, tit:: ria: freer ignorant of any hailer mode of forming • •
ell 01•1111011
At lenells two men. whole names would' he int- and Naples notoetetty free, sae tietsaif five lti-17tee'reprrj: open its for soy eintintriottbt of her Mostrea's
mortal in history, 4uiroga and Rirgo, auimated ' kni,H9o, them (Olt oottoss, silfett,lty firs fold isthatided m„,,...., 1% lii 1 1
by
ilitii..ot.___,
___l
__.....A h. 41„, R.,. ~..0....4 roanwerer, will soon oriole ail Am' swears oi wealth sort ------8* ---e s."l- '''', "°"e'vert ti"w folio* 16
ima S"Y '777'7 --: 7-""""= omagnetzlit,aad banishastsar, vajbt. Mae caw (is ow word), ',maple of the Trrosurg wilt-re. which we have
. , . , .
