SURREY ELECTION.

(SECOND DAY.)
GUILDFORD, WEDNESDAY, Jurez 14.
The bustle caused in this town by the county election was re-
newel at an early hour this nue log. Indeed. to 'pude with more
correctness, it continued during the entire night, and the weary
lay in vain expecting the honey heavy dew of slumber" to fall
upon them, and were mused at every temporary lapse into forget-
fulness by the rattling of post-chaises, the imprecations of jaded
post-boys, and the noisy vociferation% of the partitions of the several
Candidates, who met and accosted each other in the streets, when
returning from those orgies, where apathy was warmed into zeal, and
zeal inflamed into fervour, by plentiful libations of that black poi.
son which is profusely supplied by the tavern-keepers, and charged
to the Candidata as port wine. The result of this day was looked
to by all parties with great interest. Every one, in the slightest de.
'tree conversant with election business, is aware that in a county,
or even a borough, where there are a great number of freeholders,
the state of the poll on the first day of an election depends rather
on accident than upon the relative strength of the parties, if, m
in the present cue, they are any thing like fairly matched. In
fact, on the first day it becomes a mere scramble to get towards the
palling booths, and requires some exertion of personal strength to
arrive at them. On the second day, however, business is usually
entered upon with more regularity, and as a greater number of
freeholders roll than could possibly do so on the first day. the State
1 of the second day's poll is usually looked upon as giving what I
may call the first blush to a contested election ; and the advantage
of a good report at the outset has been generally considered
so advantageous, that every nerve is strained by the friends
of the Candidates to secure this triumph for their favourite.
Yet when parties are all known to roam considerable interest, and
where only a very small proportion of the freeholder's have voted,
such a triumph is often temporary, and can never be naeonably
re-
lied upon as a just criterion by which to calculate upon the old-
mate sweets of the Canal/des. Whatever may be tht value of
this argnment, the agents of all parties evince a considerable degree
of activity during the entire day. The polling commenced at nine
o'clock, and es " the third man," Mr. Pelham was at the foot of
the poll at the end of the first day, his friends worked body and
soul to place him Welter on this day's poll; and so succissful
were their efforts, that although he bad 114 votes less than Mr.
Sumner at the close of the poll yesterday, so early as twelve o'clock
this day he had mountrd to the first place on it, o'ertopplog both
Mr. Sumner and Mr. Denison. The friends of the latter gentleman
were also extremely zealous, and, if not at the head of the poll, at
no part of the day was be very distant from it. W er
it is that Mr. Sumner's system of Opetationk is not yet cowl& e
organized. or that he d, pewit' so mttelV on the powerful interest he
is known to pon'ess in the county, that be deans extraordivary erts
ertions unnecessary, I can't tithe upon me to any ; bat his ft tend;
seen, by no unenr4 so zealous and Watling as the agents of the other
candidate.. Whatever this eppearanee of apathy may arise from,
I would recommend Mr. Dohne Sumner to shake it off, " like

d ow-d7cormedlfirorloern
.soi
indinaiseeilnentontihmeseim:attoionein;,u
naTenfthdheedbirsdlemacatski nisenDifitehimey masens7drmeu
rionlahyogissianittnahr:l4ll;
1 jule‘cpdr:vkeigar beans of acquiring strength, Si r T. Lethbridge, if 1,-t,
'St. Stephens next Parliament, withoutlany rival amongst the coon.
try e gyleaantieltleedrz,ey..:l,l4cruayn
ieltor,obr
des
King,ulerrfteytowadilfhith,i:eui nt
wide teewnrriyilwinistancodepay
,rastecti
..e.
me,
wynemezto
making
that
Ile
ro.loii
tiering the (ley, although it presented a most animated appearane .
Mr. Pallmer walked through the streets in the course of the day, 101 l
it seems was received with acclamations us cordial as his friouis
ould wish, and more general than they expected. Upon lii, ..
rn to his committee-room, the windows of which were fined sith':
fasitiopeble-looking women, he addressed the people, and tho ti;
I
returned thanks tor the enthueisatic reception which he hail metr'
iiii
with. Mr. Sumner was also in the streets severs/ tim
flay; the appl um he received was of rather a mixed chariot
' ear, were coustently assailed with cries of "No Corn totte', as ii,',ll
Triad Illill—No Red Herrinatt," which were the
P'wef-worehi-ony he: p. elm of the populace who are opposed to this gentieenn i
cid not happen to meet Mr. Denison during the day ; indeed fee'
deretted th At lie had lett town for • short time. be gire spirit I. ..".
preaence to thecac, active can which his, friends are 7 for
him in all paro of the ounty. I have no doubt, h
when he a-rived lie was warmly received—as at meow
seems to entertains ery hostile disposition towards him. pan
sing hit state of things may continue to exist, however, it o im-
possible to predict, as the feelings of the Candidates towards
es other inu•t be governed in a great measure by the state ofti he
poll, and the nature of their separate resources. Jest at peeve, e.'
very friendly feeling seems to exist between the paini.ins of the too
Iste members; and so far Mr. Pallmer may be said to mend ;on his own merits, and therefore on more independent ground, Ir.-
, either of the other Condidates. Mr. Denison, hswever, h'',,„
quail sly contradicted the report that any coalition was " „-;
into hoween him and Mr. Sumner; and nothing ha. oeeenetreeT;
which would lead me to think thatohis declaration is not es 0e.;,-,,-;
of c-edit now as it was of course when made by Mr. Deleon, Til'
der these circumstances, it is extremely diffizult to calculate upon'
!ylltpiduerrseabwlelsiulprnoofve :nu: hususai:leiceetauteiazge:ea._t,
the probable duration of the contest. If it continues mime tet,however, and any dens like the whole nuniler of freholtien'OT:
brought to the poll, the expense to ill the Candidate. wilt b - -
pro
iarrel:Yeicen;d:ifdsi mayt;havedand; sa
itkn seemseiott theai opportunity
contemplation plin r sufficiently
tduencii:dyeotefhleer eacteroto:ra' has
treetsiitin. ogan Ittprti:uahlt:ll:2l::. ;P this
ea 1 I almost
edrier4;O:lieAr ocireeticasyiuna,vaerhyeat
Kinston.
The poll continued open from nine until four o'clock, and during
the hot three or four hours the voters came very slowly to it. Sons after five o'clock the High Sheriff, accompanied by the Candidate.,
proceeded to announce the state of the pull. At this poled the
Hall was nearly as much crowded as on the preceding tlsy, a A the
audience were quite as nois yand turbulent. The Candelates e their entrance, were received with cheers, yells, hone, and al
manner of discordant sounds. Partial silence hating been ob.
tamed by the exertions of the High Sheriff; he declared the state
of the poll to be as follows:
For Mr. Denison . . 072 i For Mr. H. Sumner . go
For Mr. Pallmer - - US
This announcement was received with loud cheers by the friends
of Mr. Denison and Mr. hairnet..
The Rev. Mr. BELOE then presented himself, lie said he was
going to put a question to a Candidate who said he wished to be
catechised by every Elector. The question he was about to put
affected all who heard him, as Englishmen. It affected our reli-
gion and our dearest rights. Mr. Pannier declared himself the
friend of the Protestant religion. If this was the case, the three
Candidates were friends to the Protestant religion. Mr. Pallmer
had put forward a bill, stating that, if he was called upon to vote
for the Catholic question, he would take the sense of his (rinse.
tuents, and if he could not vote in the way they wished, he Tea
resign his trust. (Applause.) lie also put forward a placard,
saying, " Painter, the Friend of the Protestant Church. Now
every man must have a bias on such a IsubM it as t e Cathore
Question, and he now called upon Mr. Pallmer candidly to
state whether he. thought sufficient concessions had been already
granted to the Roman Catholics, or that all exempeons should
he removed, and every man allowed to worship God in the
manner his conscience dictated, without being amenable to the
State for his religious opinions. He here! 31r. Pallmer smile
answer this question explicitly, and in such a way as to leave no
doubt on the matter, for he could tell hint that doubts did nrw exist
on the subject, and he said let those doubts be cleared up. (Hisses.)
The next question he wished to put to Mr. Pallmer was contue el
with that Hun. Gentlemen's observations yesterday upon slave-y.
He had mentioned the number of wedding-rings used by his own
slaves. Now could Mr. Pallmer say that the persons who entered
into the solenin state of matrimony were previously instructed so as
to enlighten their minds, and acquaint Meru with the nature of the
solemn promise and vow they had made ? There was snot ter
question, whether the slaves so married lived together, or were
subsequently separated? fur in the last case marriage would become
no more than a trap fur adultery. (The Rev. Gentleman was now
interrupted by manifest symptoms of impatience, expressed by
hisses, calls fur the Candidates, and cries of ' No more questions.'
He withdrew, observing, that if the questions be put were not
for their benefit lie would not have put them.
Mr. PALLMER then presented himself. He rejoiced in tilt
opportunity of answering the questions put by the Rev Dent en
man. He would answer them in a clear, manly, and satisfactory
manner. This Englishmen required and deserved, and when they
did not get it, the man who refused it lost their good opinion. Ile
would not believe the Rev. Gentleman put his questions for elec.
tion purposes, and he would therefore answer, he hoped, in a saes.
factory manner. Now with respect to what was rolled the Culo-
tte question, h: believed the Rev. Gentleman did nit know wbat
the Catholic question was. [Mr. Beloe here stepped forward, and
said he did know what the Catholic question was.l Mr. Palmer
resumed. The Rev. Gentleman had interrupted him a little, but
he was going to say tbat the Rev. Gentleman mull net tell what
the Catholic questton meant, because he did not know what shape
it mignt take. lie did nut know whether the concessions asked
might be few or rear, or whether it was only asked to put the
English Catholics in the same situation as their Irish brethren.
Now the Catholic question came forward every Session in different
shapes, and it was therefore impossible to say what its present
shape was. He begged the freeholders not to vote for hi it if ha
made use of evasion ; but he contended that reservation of op 1. 0
was not evasion. He was asked to give a pledge—he refused to LAO
so: this was not evasior. (Cheers.) The Rev. Gentleman talked
of placards, and when he spoke of candour and fairness, he should
have recollected there was, or ought to have been, an ghee in-
gredient—impartiality. llid not the Rev. Gentleman know that
the placard containing the words_" Pail ner, the friend of the
Protestant Church," was put forward to answer two other placards,
containing the words—" No Pallmer ; no Popery ;"jand " Pall ner,
a fre id to the Pope ?" No doubt those two placards escapee the
attention of the Bev. Gentleman. (Applause, and cries of
" Bravo.") Probably the Rev. Gentleman had some hies on his
mind, as that was now the favourite word. (Bravo.) Now, as to
the other questions of the Reverend Gentleman. those relating to
the negroes,—for he hoped to see the name of slave give way, as
well as the condition of slavery, in proper time,—the Reverend
Gentleman asked whether the negroes who matred were pre-
pared fur that solemn ceremony ? His reply was, that they were
[refried by a Clergyman of the Established Church, acting under a
Bishop, and there was no reason to suppose that clergyman was
let's careful of his clerical duties don the Rev. Gentleman
was of his duty at this election. (Applause.) T.. t lergy-
man did not meddle with matters of elate, tl ()ugh he a Ito tied
be would have an undoubted right to do so, and eseecidly in
everything connected with spiritual matters. But speaki g si:h
as much confidence as he could of what occurred at a d s' n e of
4.000 miles, lie believed the negroes were prepared, i t least
to the satisfaction of the clergyman who officiated, and he knew they
were never separated, but continued to live on the same (state. Ile
hoped this would be considered a plain, candid, and manly answer
to the Rev. Gentleman. (Cheers, and some hisser, web cries for
Mr. Denisoe.)
Ihe Rev. Home it/'Nett then cone forward, but was for
several minutes unintelligible, in con.equence of the tumult
'tech prey I ed. We then understood hint to ray that he Cil not
advocate the cense of any indtvidual. The Rev. Gen lemon
was again Interrupted by continued tumult ; of er which Mr.
Pallmer came forward, and solicited a hearing for Mr. APNeil,
which was obtained after considerable difficulty. The Rev.
Gentleman at length proceeded :—He hoped the meeting would
condemn no one unheard. The Church was a part of the
Constitution, and its interests should be attended to. He thought
they had a right to desire a pledge to be given on a subject which
involved the perpetual existence of • Protestant King, a Protestant
Church, and a Preis:leant Constitution. (home applause, and tre-
mendous noise and confusion.) lie saw they were impatient, and
he should retire, only observing that he regretted they yomessel
any opinion that they feared to hear candidly explained.
In the roar a of the Ree Gentleman's address the High Sheriff
wild he would adjourn the Court it order was not preserved.
Mr. DENISON said, when he 'deemed the Court last nethe
he declared his confi knee that he would soon be at the brad se t e
poll; this prediction had been verified. He knew that the fre -
holders of Surrey would not desert an out servant, who had served
them faithfully and honestly. (Applause.) lie now predicted,
that at the end of the teal! to-morrow he would have attained a
still higher situation on it. lie was proud of this, but riot from
any petty feeling of personal vanity; he was proud that the
freth.d.d..re of Surrey, still held in such high estimation the prince.
pies lie professed. lie hid uniformly advocated retrenchment,
soonon y, and rifomn and when he deserted his principles he
hoped the freeholder. would turn their back on lute. In hi
crowded state of the Hall. and at that late hour of the evening, he
would conclude by tha king them heartily tied a sting theta a
good night. (Cheer...)
' Mr. PALLIKR said he should feel as much digioirty in voting
!o returning the nks. A Reece rod Goatkinan ha., talked of the
on the Catholic mi 'the ice the House of Commons a lie tow did
NA, tie best of el .Ite ferule rental principles a the t;onstoution.
fa. d erne ttl i r nclples of the Constitution ; but the public well
lot km y the royal pediment and the Corinthian pillars of ti at
Constitute) i ea st, cut the public voice should ever he ititfou aa -
•
tion ; and let de spirit of reltgion pervade every part of it, but let it
net anpeer too mush in the building itself. lie cuntessed lie re-
genteel to see, that day, a clergyman place iiineolf in such at cit-
ation, that it made it almost necessary to sleaton the Court. He
.14/11111tI, a anxious that the Reverend (i.mthmian should be heard :
i but if the ileverend Gentler an of en visited such astieniblies be
!:ee thanked the meeting for the indulgence which he received, and
11111. t expect (hone manifeetations of popular spirit. In conclusion.
lie hoped their o:d slid respectable 31enther, who was about to fol.
