week or two would make any difference to those by
whom it was eir,jecietl. The Courier Newspaper
pot hold of this f.ct, and published it to their
readers, observing that probably Mr. Iltint
wmilti lint wt. ad. as he had, on a former tw-
glen 00000 sneaked off to Cork, out of the way, It
mope:tied, thrtt this was a false teethe-
t.u It wa. intended to call this Meetiog on Mope
ally last, but he was then engaged in the
euun-
t•v. Tit, fact was, however he might be ern-
s.ired he passing his time is that way, he had
it ...ell to go partridge—hooting with a few.
feirlidv. That pri,llllNe, as it haul leen previously
mole, he Will !round to perform—but he expressed
his esailiness to attend ou the present day, if the
Nlreting were postponed, and he hail kept his
word. A letter was then sent to him, slating what
was meant to he done at the Meeting—and lie wil-
Imply agreed to take the Chair. lie should now
briefly stale the purpose for which they were
bled —and in doing en, it wee only necessary that
he should elliade to what would be submitted to
Ilerni by other-. At the same tune, lee begged to ob-
serve, th.it he slid not mean to shift any responsibility
filtm himself on the ground that lw was out aware
what was intended, because in fact he knew every
thing about it. During the last Parliament. no
less than 1400,000 individuals vainly petitioned a
corrupt House of Commons fur a restitution of
their rights. No notice was taken of their cone
plaints--and, he believed, from the comtitto-
I' of the new liosioasable House, it
be goodly fruitless to petitimo thein. It was
therefore determined to petition the Prince Re-
gent, in a firm. manly and dignified tour, call-
ing 'on I to protect the rights of the people—
slid to see, that, before they were called uti to
tight the battles of Ilse country., and to risk
their lives in .support of the Government, they
should have some share in snaking the laws try
which they were to be bound. Such was the pro-
position on which they were to decide—anol, lie
trusted, if there was any Gentleman in the Nleet-
nig, who, after hearing the remonstrance, (low p.
proved of it, that he would stand forward mate
fully awl express his object . They were
called together. as a dehiserative hotly, to take
into their consideration. Whollier the present be
proper time to agree to such a resoluttnis. That
question would be decuird by a 'hew of hands. Ile
lisped every Grattesnasi would receive a ftir and im-
partial hearing. Wien they had attended to what
was ,silvatiertl, they would. from conviction, support
or oppose the iltictriow paid down, as they thought
WNW. If ihry v 00000 -eared It wes necessary to cell on
his Royal Highness to swiss. them in the recovery of
their right.. they woul.l hold up tin it bends lisr
the thin, It ant they would negative it. He
concluded 'oy regretting that many of those, who
declared themselves frieislts to the 'people, did not
mower on the Isee.elst UCC*IIIOII to deliver their sett.
liments. Rot it very often happeswil„ when the
time t,uur, aiid the Innonetos was preuing, that those
getitlemen .5 sneaked off to Cur k."

Dr. Wattoo enniplaissed that some person who
bad pledge" himself to come and deliver his 'won-
mew. ui this veva-ion. had not been ansuly
gla to ..hew hoe face. Ile had mt himself heel,
to the lialnt, moil lately, of addressing us public
asseeislelage ; but for more than thirty yeses he had
paid sin little attention to Ilse promews of public
tur►s, to the measures of stone of our greatest ora-
tors and ststeseiten, and he had heard pneinise offer
;promise, that the day was not far off when those
!abettin', for which our forefathers fought ■mil bled,
triode had been torn from us, should be restored to
us. But, alas! faction had joined with the demists
s.l Europe, met fur the purpose, as they pretended,
..r giving happiness and liberty to Europe., bait to
ft/Wiser enslave theirs. Ile wished the great body
itt borouglimongers were present, that tier• may
bear some important truths ; mad he (Dr. War-
son) would fearlessly m••umt any place to deliver
those truths to them. It was not alone the how
of money that had beta susaasined by the opern-
lions of the boroughmongering faction, nor was
it money that would make recompense or retri-
bution, but there were [host who had lost wives
-•-fathers—mothers—children, and almost every
kindred tar, by the uptratious of a spendthrift Ali-
taistry.—(" True,"tudd "Bruru !"1— Every domes-
tic comfort had lawn lov.aded ; wives lard famished
from want ; children bail died from disease ; and
lathers hail been visited by famine : a►rd a sots or
brother had beets taken from a death-bed by the
tit:visa the law ; and an almost general deprive-
time of all human happmeso had been effected. by
the operaisons of tier law ; indeed there seemed to
Ise a conspiracy against the happioess of isnglisl►.
inesu,_(//pphinse.)..—W hat reoempence couldithose
have whom lie bull described ?—(('ries of ".Vows!")
—Tli..t corrupt boroughinougering faction ought
to c•vssidre the situalion in which the people of
EaiglanaiGood—menu the most effectual to alle-
viate the distresses of their fellow-countrymen ought
• echately to be adopted, else at was probable
the people may be dr►►en to that stale which may
lathier t to seek that relerf which the Govern-
mead 1:1111 Its corrupt fart haul refused them.
Ile hail heard u Klral snit teamed mall say, that
their hearts ought to he at►simg. He wondered oil
the I►earts of the faesions dad oat tremble at their
conduct, when they reflected upon the state to
which Ivey had reduced ll►e people of England.-
-—( dppluesse.)—He had seen the miseries of his
trllut%-tousstryniets in tlwir dankest colours; he had
t•ccn the mimciteo ill the esidustrsoses part of the
co tttttt unity. Ile land also visaed the manufactur-
ing part of the c.r 11111 l amity, mail their miseries
were isailescribable : sill occasioned by the borough-
onoleeis. In some sit those places they wet keel
from how iu the morning till right at night. Ile
load seen sights, the t unserable and toothsome
—aaglits Ono. wool., aloud humus mature—childrtai
of the temlerest ages lied been driven from their
Itm,ris to their work whimpering sand trembling
tender the wont of lour[.—(" Shame ! shame !")
Tory people of this country were 110 W, st ever, is,
apeek the language of melt. Toes (nog bait they
Ise-11 wiled with by klissisters and their profligate
area[-, what tlelighiral est uusrepr►aeislimg the sem-
ti.stews mitt will of those fur whose service they
uu, le loalaileally created. It was 11,,w for the people
54 soy, whether they omega Ile .usis to a set of
elm, &meal men, suseport•el by a payed of Irurough.
sir nut. The voice sit indorse:Walt would

as‘,l .i.); the 'impurely ut the counts.) depended uputt
tli V 011:t. of the ustilion—(Lend applarsej—why

were now to determine whether they were to ex-
! rrcise their liberties, or to abandon them for ever.
l le was convinued that there were millions of people
in England and Inland who were detertnisied to die
rather than to submit to slavery of any
( Loud applause./—The page of history said, that
never was there a meeting of despots, whom ob-
ject was not a conspiracy isgaiiist the liberties of
mankind. Those who were now a.settibliug could
not he supposed to have any other motive in view ;
und could the valiant people of this nation are six-
teen indiums rust:wed by half it million ?—/" No,
No, we Neter )—lf Persia, and Turkey, and
the East ladies were looked to, it would be seen
how many millions of slaves attended the beck of
almost a single tyrant. England was approaching
to this extremity, and would reach it if the most
zealous and unanimous exertiolis were not made.
Were not the people wider the control of the
baynoet, and had not Ministers threateired in the
public press to use the bayonet ? Had they not
brought forward their cannon against the liberties
of tuatikittil ?—(Great applause.)--But whom were
they Petting up against the people by ceiling in
the aid of the military ? hasher against son, bro-
ther against brother. In fact, they were doing that
against which the feelitigs or human nature re-
volted. mod which never charscterised the most
savage state of existence. —ler ies of "Bravo ^'/
Those who should utter be employed except
against a foreign enemy, were thus forced into a
bloody contention with those who were nearest to
their hearts:—/Load applause.)
Dr. WATSON then proceeded to read the deela.
ration, which he said was the result of long and de-
liberate consideration. It was followed by a string
of Resolutions, 26 iu number, which, from their
great length, we are not etieblrd to give in detail.
They stated in substance—that the source of all legi.
tamale power win the people—that all govertimeort
not derived from, and accomitable to tiesi, was an
usureati )))) —that all men were born free, equal. and
independent. They censured the levytiog of nixes
without the consent of the people previously ob-
tained—objected to the present constitution of the
House or Continuos—Mended on the right of univer-
sal suffrage. snit the right of the people to poestas
arena fur bell-defence—declared the provi►ions of
Magi)* Charts 'tot to have been elicroachinetits on
the Royal Prerogative, but the ancient law of the
land—end that the Crown was a sacred trust held
roily tor the benefit of the people—condemned the
keeping up a large standing army—pointed out the
propriety of •übstitutiug the ancient civil force for
a military mot. and the reliance for our defence
from itivirsiori, rather upon a militia drawn from the
great body if the people than upon s regular fume.
They neat condemned the conduct of Miiiiaters in
the employment of spies, and the passing of the
Corn Bill, which was stated to be a vile conspiracy
between the great landholders and the Miiiiaters to
extort an immense portion of taxes from the poor.

The Resolutions condemned the reicouragetnent
given to the Mink of Etiglvied, in the unlimited
issue of their limper, and the disproportionately se-
vere punishment enacted ag unit forgery ; and con-
cluded by asseitiog, that the conduct of the late
Parlonnent, in passing the Act for the Suspension
of the Dolmas Corpu., and afterwards ►creening
Ministers by a Bill of Indemnity, was a violation of
every princtple of humanity and justice, and suffi-
cient to baud down their uames to everlasting in-
famy and disgrace.
The language of the Resolutions was throughout
extremely strtrog. There was now and theft a slight
interruption, and one man in the closed cried out,
" False !" Mr. hunt said, that as the myrmidons
of Government were ready to pounce upon any in
the assembly who appeared warm, it would be ad-
visable to restrain the natural feelings upon such au
occasion. All the Resolutions in the Declaration

were then carried, slid Mr. Hunt svid they would,
no doubt, appear iu the public Papers, with the
comments of the hirelings of Ministers. Mr. !lout
then "aid, that a Renionstrance to the Prince Re-
gent would be proposed, which was couched in lan..
gunge such as a five people should use to their So-
vereign.

Dr. WATSON read the Remonstrance. In
time to litany of the sentiments contained in the De-
claration, it. complained that his Ito3til Diglitotes
had placed such implicit confidence in a ►et of weak
and currus:t Ministers. who bud been imposed upon
him, and prayed that for their numerous offences
they should be impeached, and if found guilty,
sentence them to condign punishment.
The motion on the presentation of the Remon-
strance las+ armoire! by Mr. Gass, a ship-builder
of Diann'. in it speech of some length. lie oh-
served, that the mechanics were the most wetlyl
hotly of men in the community—that if the drones
should attempt. as they had long Weis doing, to
drive them, the bees, from the hive. it ass lime for
them to teach the drones their power. It was their
oven jealousies land divisions which lied deprived
them of their proper weight in the state. They had
the club of Hercules in their hands, and they might
thank their own want of concert and kit-respect if
they had not wielded it. Disunited they were like
bits of broken glass. Let them Otiose away all lit.
tle grounds of difference, and join in the common
cause. mud it would be out of the power of their
enemies to dissever er subdue them.

The Remonotrauce was then carried unanimously.
Dr. WATSON then proposed w plain for collecting
subscript- to further the objects of the Meeting,
and to defray the expenses attending it. It recom-
mended a general sulhocription to be entered into by
all the -represented people of Enghind, at the
rate of a penny weekly, to lie paid by every twenty-
live to a collector appointed by tlrem•elrer, and ob-
liged to hand it monthly, together with his own 1.4111.
WWI ,to u superior collector for every hundred;
that every trot of the latter should transmit their joint
collection to a common thousandth receiver. Tile
tondo to be ultimately received mid applied, at their
diocretion, by • Committee of thirty-sirs, to Ise
Conned ny election, to coliti 0000 e ins °dice bir a year,
and to be divided into four bodies of nine, to act in
rotation, each for three mouthy.

Mr. Iluist was then appointed Treasurer, and 1)r.
Watson Secretary to the Cos nee.

The boxes were carried room!, and received se.e-
rul
deposits of Due peony, mot io swine instance*,
we believe, mom
Dr. WATSON proposed • vote of thanks to the
eighty-four independent liouitehulders of We-omin-
