AFRICAN LVNTITUTION.

Yesterday the Twentieth Anniversary of the above Society was
held at the Freemasons' Tavern ;
His Royal Highness the Duke of Otoucrsvew in the Chair.
Mr. MACADLEY, prior to reading the Report, addressed his
Royal Highness, and said that the Report of the Society during
the past year was so voluminous, that It was felt that at a public
meeting it would be impossible to get through it. An abstract,
however, had been drawn up, which, with the permission of hie
Royal highness, he would road ; and he hoped that the !Bening
would consent that the original Report should be printed, it being,
he assured them, of the utmost importance, relating, as it did, to
the enormities of the slave trade, which had rather increased than
diminished during the past year.
Mr. AI ac•ttccy then read the abstract, which, after detailing
all thesteps which had been taken since the last meeting, towards
the abolition of the slave trade throughout the world, regretted
deeply that the revenues of the Society were by no means equal to
the expenditure, while their exertions were called for in an in-
crroaeil ratio by the enormities of that trade.
Earl tinosreston then rose to propose the first Resolution, of
thanks to the Directora. for the able Report which they had drawn
tip, and that the said Report be approved of, and printed under the
instructions of the Directors. When, he skid% the Meeting con-
sidered that the Report which had been read to them was but the
abstract of that which had been prepared, he was sure it would be
volt-evident that the Directors hail not been snaring in their labours
to promote the objects of the Institution. The Report was so full '
and so complete, thst he felt it would be unnecessary for him to
make many observations. Twenty years ago he had, with great
satisfaction, attended at the formation of that Society ; but the
satisfaction he experienced at the present time was infinitely
greater, for he had now to congratulate the friends of the Institu-
tion, that its principles were extended so amazingly, that he might
say they were embodied in the hearts of every -individual in the
empire. (Much cheering.) ll'hen he perceived petitions poured
in from all parts of the kingdom to both Houses of Par-
liament, he could not entertain a doubt but that the question
of the slave trade had taken strong possession of the feelings of the
British public. It was but natural that it should do en, founded
as it was upon the best principles, not of humanity alone, but of
Christianity also. (Cheers.) It was evident that the Society must
have had serious difficulties to encounter, formed as it was to bring
about the abolition of the slave trade, through the medium of
Africa itself. or in other words, through the medium of those who
prosecuted that trade. It had effected and was still effecting a
great deal; and, from what he had heard from the Report, he lat-
hered that it would linallr accomplish its object. 1 ears might
elapse—he hoped not ages—before that period arrived. Although
it proceeded slowly, although it bad not advanced with a
rapidity equal to the sanguine expectations of some of its friends, yet
it had sown those seeds which, in the fulness of time, mild not tail
to bring forth valuable fruits. (Cheers.) Although lie lamented that
France (from which country betterthinge mighthsve been expected)
and Portugal had not consented to the abolition of that nefarious
traffic, yet it was with great satisfaction that he saw the manner in
which America had treated the question. Their object was to put an
end to the trade. Although the trade had been increasing, it was
some satisfaction to know that our cruisers had been aetive,and had
made captures of slave ships to the extent of 1,700 tons. lie sin-
cerely hoped that they would persevere in carrying their object into
execution ; for with perseverance, there could not be a doubt of
their eventual yuccas. Their motto should be ' Perseverance,' and
it should be inscribed in letters of gold in the title-page to their pro-
ceeding,. The Noble Lord then moved the Resolution, and sat
dowteamidst loud cheers.
Lord Hear ry seconded the Resolution, and in doing so, alluded
to France, amongst the inhabkants of which country a better feel-
ing was springing up than that by which they had hitherto been
actuated. I% hen he recollected that in that nation vessels had been
fitted out to carry on that infamous trade, with the cognizance of the
municipal authorities, and even with the connivance of his Most
Christian 3lnjesty, lie could not but feel gratified at witnessing a
spirit at last arising in that country, spurring at a practice which
tarnished the. fame and the glory it had acquired by its heroic
achievements. If any excuse could be found for the conduct of
France, as regarded the Slave Trade, it could be only in her history
for the last thirty years--in a Revolu lion which had nearly de-
stroyed every thing like religious or moral feeling in that country.
(Cheers.)
The Resolution was then put and carried unanimously.
The Earl of CLARENDON rose to propose the second resolution,
M which, he feared, he would not be able to do justice; but he
hoped that the embarrassment under which he then laboured would
be taken as an earnest of his sincerity. (Applause.) He congra.
related the meeting on having the aid of the continued services of
erd Grosvenor. and also upon the valuable accession of Lord
-Hervey. He had come to that meeting for two reasons—in the
tree place, to pay a well.merited tribute of respect to their Royal
Chairman. ard, in the next place, to prove that increased years had
nos wearied out, as they sometimes did, the energies of individuals
in such a cause as the one in which they were embarked. (Cheers.)
The Noble Lord then moved a resolution to the effect—that it
was mud to be regretted that the Income of the Society during the
last year had fallen far abort of the expenditure, and that the es.
ert inns of the benevolent were therefore most strenuously required to
awhile it to proceed in its career of humanity.
Lord Cave:to ar E, to rising to second the Resolution, said that
it was so perfect in itself that it required little from him in the way
of argument to support it. If the funds were not commensurate
with the expenses of the Society, he was sure it was only because
that fact was unknown ; but being now recorded, he had not the
slightest doubt but that the benevolence of the British public would
rise to a full level with every demand made upon it, in a cause like
that of the African Institution. (Great cheers.) In the few re-
marks which he was about to offer, lie should first advert to that
which must be a subject of congratulation to the Meeting. Fatal
cs was the climate of Africa to Lutopesn life—fatal as it had been
to .he servants of the British Crown, it was peculiarly gratifying
that every Report of the Society contained fresh assurances that the
Stamina of British humanity showed itself superior to a climate so
tell to animal existence. (Cheers.) It was also gratifying that
those of our fellow-subjects who were active in the enforcement of
the law -that prohibited the slave trade, which was a scourge to
Africa, ape never wanting in that spirit which animated the Par.
lamest and tee people of this empire in extinguishing that trade.
There had been abundant proofs that the navy were animated by
toe best spirit in putting a stop to that traffic; in fact, in no
quarter of the globe had British seamen ever so truly exhibited
the feelings which actuated the nation at large, than in preventing
the infringement of that salutary Act of Parliament, It bad been
tatimated by some nations, that the British. Government, in seeking
the abolition of the Slave Trade, were actuated rather by interested
than by the dictates of humanity. He believed that
greeter injustice was never done to any country than was done to
Great Britain by such an imputation. If the argument had been
used, that it was the interest of the West India Planters that the
Stave Trade should be abolished, it did not follow that this country
as a nation was interested In its abolition ; although, if the ergo- i
trent were correct, it proved that the interests of men never called
upon them to oppress their fellow-creatures. (Cheers.) He re-
gretted that the Government of France, instead of being alive to
the inhufnanity of the Slave Trade, should oppose obstacles to
its annihilation. With respect to France itself, those in this own-
try, who most deeply lamented that she did not exert herself in
Site cause of the slaves, were not those who viewed her power with
jaalopse. but those who, with the m,,t ardent hope and solicitude,
bad hailed her growth in every liberal science, and in every philan.
theoplc virtue which could-dignify, adorn, or exalt a nation—
those who, contemplating her glory and her fame, had looked
forward to the day when she would associate herself with this coun-
try foe the benefit of the world. (Cheers.)
The Resolution was then put and carried.
The Earl of EtrsTOrt then proposed a Resolution of thanks to his
Royal Highness the Duke of Glouces.er, for the continued patron.
a‘e which he had bestowed on the objects of die institution during
the last twenty years.
Sir S. RAFFLES seconded the Resolution, which was carried by
soclunatimi. _

The Duke of ci.OUCESTEn, in returning thanks fir the man.
nee its which the Resolution had been earned, said that the pa n
which might be felt at the vast deal which they had yet to accom-
-14111, *as in some measure relieved by what they had already
achieved. When they reflected, that with the assistance of that
great man, who for twenty years had been the strenuous advocate
or the slave ( )ir. Wilberforce). this country had pct so much to
perform, could it he wondered at if in other countries, where they
wise destitote of such aid, they should be also slower in their pro.
amnion towards the principles of humanity towards the friendless
A Hears. (Cheers.) It might require time to carry the objects of
the Society into effect, but they must ultimately sueeeed. Nineteen
tears ago the American Continent was cultivated almost wholly by
Mayes, whereas now they were only tolerated in one slate. It was
not only the cause of humanity, but of religion ; and as freemen,
thesefore, the people of England were bound to use every exertion
in their power to further its advancement. (Cheers.) He re.
vetted that the funds were so inefficient, but he trusted that the
fteport of the ensuing year would be much more gratifying to the
friends of the Society. (Cheers.)
His Royal Highness then left the room, and Lord Calthorpe was
;equated to take the chair, to which he readily assented.
. Mr. J. CROPFER then proposed a list of Directors fur the en-
suing year.
The Rev. Mr. Lawn 2 IKE seconded the Resolution ; and in
doing so, begged to give his testimony to the good effects pro-
elezed amongst the slaves at Montego Bay, where 20 'ruses ago
there were no lees than 300,00 U of them. without a single married
couple among tl e number. The exertions of the friends of
ensnity in this counuy had, however, effected such a revolution
there that marriage was nos longer unknown amongst them, and
their amusements were no longer of that vicious cast by which
they had formerly been characterised.
The Resolution was then agreed to.
W. if *cast Lir! proposed the thanks of the Meeting to Wm.
Emptioh, Tsp. Secretary to the Institution, for his services in that
capsa y.
11r..1.STLPut Ns, in seconding the Resolution, related a er-
cuttuttanoe which recently occurred. A slave ship hid put into
Bt. Ives, in Cornwall, having transhipped all the slaves that had
an board, except wren, four of whom were children. Two
saline children had been lacerated wiih scourges until they died,
and wets thrown oreeboarl. Ily writs of Habeas Corpus they '
"'ego brought biefees the tribunals of the country, and three et
teem were now in the room. He regretted to say time Englishmen
ey.posed themselves to the enlargement of there persons ; and
worse still, lilies the benevolence of the people caused them to
ese Whey to thoae unfortunates, they were rob'serl of it by their
ow ors, aed carded back to the ship, until compelled at last to
Ilierste them. Two of these men were of the ame nation, and
t nderstand each other, but one of them had recently died;
sai since h:•n :he other was upprctsed by a continual melsac;:uly,

the cause of which he was at length enabled to discover. Those
villains who had robbed him of his freedom had also carried off his
wife and his children into the slavery from which he had been
rescued, and he most probably would never see them more. Ile
had no home to go to; he was alone in the wide world ; he looked
to that Society for the comfort of being sent back to his native
country, but he could only look for vengeance to his God.
The Resolution was then agreed to; as was also one expressive
of the thanks of the Meeting to Lord Calthorpe, for his conduct in
the chair.
Lord CALsivoisrE returned thanks,and the Meeting dissolved.
