LORD COCHRANE.

COPY OF A LETTER TROM LORD COCHRANE, TO HIS HIGH-
NESS MOHAMMED Al.l, PACHA OF EGYPT.
Your employing foreigner. in your military and naval service,
the privilege which you Claim and exercise of building and equip-
ping ships of war in neutral states, and of purchasing Ateini ves-
sels, and hiring transports under neutral flags, for hostile purposes,
and to transport to slavery a people whom the Ottoman arms have
never yet been able to subdue, warrants a belief (whatever your
sentiments may Iv) that the civilised, educated, and liberal portion
mankind will be gratified -that succours, similar m those which
you have unfortunively obtained hitherto from those stares, are now
about to be armlet' to the brave, the oppressed. and suffering
lireeks ; nor will the advantage derived be wholly theirs; for until
you aball emote, or lie forced to abandon your inhuman traflie in
Christian slaves, Had the commission of cruelties which stain the
character of man, your suhjccts must inevitably continue barba-
rous—a suite from which it would be a source a great gratification
to contribute to release them.
It is trite that the Christian world have not of late contended in
arms with those of your faith, on points of religion ; they have not,
however, Wien into a state of apathy No great as to see unheeded
the perpetration of those enormities which you are daily commit.
ting on their Christian brethren ; a sentiment with which no feel.
ingot animosity towartle you, or towards your people, is combined,
but on the contrary, a detain to render you every good service con.
siitent with that duty. paramount to all others, namely, to wipe out
the stain from the civalisetl world, of unfeelingly and inhumanly
ear-operating to exterotimue, enslave, and transport to bondage a
whole Christian people; and such people the descendants of those
tireeks, whose genius laid the chief foundation of literature and
the arts—who reared those noble monuments and editice., which
time, and the nine destructive barbarian hand, have yet Laud to
destroy, and which, compared with the wretched hovels of your
hordes, nifty better point rat to you the elevation they attained, and
the prostrate state in which your people are —owing, alas ! to the
benefit, effects of bigotry and despotic sway. Surely, surely, there
is ample field for the exercise of your energies at home, in encou-
raging industry, the arta, and sciences, in promoting the civilization
of your people. and in enacting equitable laws foe the security of
persons and propery ; on which basis she national prosperity of all
countries must rest. But should your ambition. not content with
bestowing blessings like t' t. A: on your native land, lead you to soar al-
most above mortal .ets.dis•ant 'Team. would unite,and the extremities
of the globe approach at your command; an 4 might your mime he
rendered immortal, anti Egypt again become the emporium of corn.
mma, and one of the r•cheat and happest nations upon earth.
How infinitely great the glory of such acts ! flow despicable the
fame of a tyrant cunquerer,—the ruler of slaves !
It would be pleasing to support you as the author of great and
good winks ; but it is shain,ful to permit your present proceedia"
and dastardly to leave the unfeeling apostate sons of neutral and
itristian nations unopposed. aidiog to perpetuate barbarism for
bond gain, drawn room the price of Christians torn from their
homes, and sold as slaves in foreign lands.
Against these atrocious men, my companions and myself cast
the gauntlet down, and will contend, in the hope that you anti they
may perceive your true interests and your great error, and pursue a
dilferrnt course bAre it shad be too late. Quit the classic sacred
soil of Greece. Let the Haying and burnings. and impalings. of
mis petiole cease; and, oh! shocking to humanity! the ripping
up of pregnant females, and the hewing in pieces of their mint
babes, and other acts yet worse than these, too horrid to relive ! Re-
lease the Christian slaves—pursue an honourable and enlightened
pub—and we become friends, to aid you in your pursuits. yut
Amid the mascot course becontinued, let the bandsof cruel assassin
in your employ count on our oppot,tion; Count, too, on our neutntlia-
ingsks effect el anry vowel procured or bought from Christi m
States. " Hear the word of the Lord, ye rulers," (in the pro-
phecy now to be fulfilled). Wo to •hein that go down to Egypt
for help and stay:** '• When the Lord shall stretch mit his hand,
both he that helped, shell fall, and he that is holpen shall fall
down, -and they shall all fall together."
Instead of titling brimful the cup of bitterness, of which you
yourself must ultimately drink, how admirably might you em.
Ploy your people, and your treasure, the waste whereof is
rearing to you a barbarian sunces•or, to prolong the bondage
of Egypt.
The Christian prayer of those called to rescue their sufTerieg
brethren is, that conforming yourself to the dictates of reason and
humanity, you may live long to benefit mankind ; and as you are
more enlightened than your predecessors, so may you become more
hatrame and just. (Signed) Coen &AKE.
• Isaiah, e. 31.

TO TILE EDITOR OF THE BRITISH PRESS.

SEI.ECT VESTRIES.

13:2,—IA‘t week aVt;trir Was Essex,
tut the pumas of receiving a Report of the Committee appointed
to investigate the several parochial accounts, which being pro.
ductal and read, it was found to conclude with a recommendation
to the inhabitants of that respectable and extensive village, to sub-
mit to the greatest of all parochial eurses--a Szlect Vestry.
The utmost surprise and consternation immediately became
visible on the countenances of all present, who were not in the
stays of each a rweass,re being alv,ut to be proposed ; ant pnticu.
lady See when it was uuderatood (should the recommendation he
adopted), that the Committee were provided with a list of the
intended select vestrymen, to the total exclusion of all tradesmen,
althongh many of that respectable body are met, of some repute,
and have served the difficrent parochial offices with credit and ad-
vertent.
The tradesmen and farmers looked Use, and their eyes appeared
to wander for information, what to say and how to act; the for.
Hier fearing to give vent to their sentiments, lest they. should
lose a customer ; and the latter knowing their deficiency in role.
bility of speech tcreope with their more wealthy neighbours ; how.
ever, what they wanted in words they made up in actions, and
although the Report was strongly urged by persons of great
weight, it was negatived by a majority of ten to one.

This, Sir, is the second inel ectual attempt made to impose upon
that parish. and is annther instance of public opinion to that objec-
tionable and deservedly detested method of transacting parish affairs
In my humble opinion the merchant is general]; either too much
engaged In commercial business abroad, or too indolent to attend
constantly the affairs of the poor, and therefore without the assist-
ance et the farmer, and the experience of the tradesman, they and
the parish would coon learn how inadequate they are to the ex.
elusive task to which they aspire.
I am, Sir, &c.

VERITAS.

SNIPPING INTEL:JGENCE.

LiVERPOOL, TsivnlDAT. AMR ?if

Arched the Sir David Attlee, Cowan, from Lisbon, In 26 days ; Anna
roakr, from Antwerp.
satied the John Taylor, for Calcutta; Rills. for St. Jolla's, N. 8.; Henry
Sim:land, ter New Turk; Tdriteld, for New Bruo,wick.
Hu Richmond, "Vince, from New Orleans, and the Accession, Roddan,
tram Rarbselueo, have arrive& io the Clyde.
The Livaepsol, 7t'Llllaa, from Liverpool for New York, has arrived
at Cork.

Pt vantrra, Jcce 21.—ladled the Waterloo transport, for Gibraltar.
Wend N.W."

, .. ..... .-....
Cowas, Jetra 72.—Arrived the Mary, Hannah, from Rabin.
Posysnourn, Joss V—Arrived the Maitland, Snub' from Bombay
1 a. i the Antelope cutter, from a cruise. Sailed the Onyx awl Eduard
tr tnoports, for Peptfoni. Wind 9.1:.
ULU, Jumn 22.—A rri red and wailed for the River, the Warren Hint.
I es, Mason, and the Albion. iced's, from India. The Warren 14a41,..,,,.,,
Raw, I. expected In nevt tide. A boat has gone to meet her with mu.
vi,lon,. The Wililao► Shand, from l'enang, ha, sailed fur the River. lie.
m sln the Permit end ?telly. Wind N.Y.. tine •weather.
II
Coax. Juss IS.—galled the Zephyr transport, with troops, for Har.
a eh, and the Prince Regent, Richards, with the 29th Regiment, for the
al sudden.
DANTSIC. Joss 12.—The Providence, Moon, sailed frem hence ath
in.t. fur London, and ran aground on passing He's, but was g.. 4 or with
d image, and has put back to di.charge and repair.

Capita Cuthbert. of the Robert, from Ayr. reports that on the 16th
in•t. at 3 a.m. he •aw a schooner repair, and go down, off Arklow Bank.
she was about SO Sony painted with a white broad streak, and appeared
to be laden. She was steering S.W. . . .

'fbe Providence, Dunean.from Ayr to Dundalk, sprang a leak and sunk
off Ardrossan, I:.:th inst. Crew saved.
fheJonge Jacob, Sledses, from Amsterdam to Bergen, Is lu..r with all
the crew, near Lister. The vessel was entirely under water, and all at-
tempts to get her aloft were fruitless,
The Floffnung, Schwiere, from .Imsterdam to Lubeck, has put into
Cee,tendorf, badly.
The Hall, Clark, arrived at Jamaica, war boarded on 29th March. in lat.
:10 long. St. by • piratical schooner• and plundered of part of the cargo.
'hip% rioter, provisions, and about hint. of the captain's private property.
Th.• schooner had a large gun w ',tutted on her main hatzhway. was
y .i.,ted black. wlth It while otter':, a, persntly a new vessel, and the
',Alters and men who Larded suppoed to lie Spaniards.
