ORATORIO--DRITRY-LANE.
Last night ult. ameba again treated the musical fre-
qualiers of it,-tirv-lane with a combination of pieces whose
merits have a.l Len long since deservedly acknowledged.
The people of this metropolis seem quite carried away with
a rage for 11111i1:', and the artists in the profession arc reap-
ing a corns .ling harvest. Public patronage and ap-
p!aus: have IA owed on all tl .ir eforts, and before long
we may exp...et to sec Julius Orsor converted into a ron-
drau, and the solilorprics of Ilamlet arranged to suit lineups.
N3sitlistanl!iort this musical mania, the people of this

POETRY.

( Rom the Comedy of Pride shall have • Fel]

Ta t o.
" Tell us, thou glorious Star of eve !
What secs ttu.se eye %
Vl"herever human hearts can heave,
Man's misery !
Life, but a lengthened chain
Vouth, weary, wild end Vain ;
Age on a bad of isain,
Longing t.' die!
Vet there's a mg!
Where earthly agonies
Awake no sighs
In the cold breast.
Tell us, thou glorious Star of eve!
Svcs not thine eye
Sone• spot, where hs.orts no longer heave,
In thine own sky %
IV her.. all WI are o'er,
Where .%utenish weeps no more,
Where ivjor'el Spirits soar,
Never to die !"
t'SII• EVENeNa.

.....
, °entry are only in the infancy of music as a wit nee.
Tney may tetk about chords atul cadences, and the
eltraliatic se ,le ; they may even talk about their abi-
lity t:, ratiereit the scions of all the great composers ;—but
re are firmly peisuatleal that ninety-tiMe out of every
hundred who laity upon any given instrument are mainly
thatitate of the first elementary principhs of music. Still
the eultivatim of music it the fashion, and fashion finals
unnunansred VfliaTilll : the old and the young, the titled
mil the huiliaie, all crotid to her shrine, and offer their
iacensa UpOol h, r altar. They seem to think that life itself
it apiece of to 'tate or at all events they seem to wish it so:
it* key-note ',ay he fiat or sharp—its chords may or may
net harmonize well together; hut in the balance of
worldly enjoy toi sits the settle stems to turn in favour of
Musa who Sr. enattmereil with " the concord of sweet
muds." If vital he the preveiling fashion, and if PO many
:allow it, thee,• will not, of course, be found any deficiency
of ',creams to minivan at its altar, and as it were to conse-
crate its rites. The dignity of the craft is the next affair
to be caussalenea and we now scarcely ever hear of a niusi- i
ciao soy time than we do to' a serval I : the former are all 1
artists, anal the latter only in need of places, or sweet new
appointmen:a. We do not, however, teems to quarrel with
this etfart to a. cure respect ; the desire of i levation is
qaite natural to the human breast, and we would neither COURT OF C(1.1J.111IN COUNCIL.
'twit sta growth nor l' 't its degree. In mimic., as in I e -ease
o.b. r usenet sof life, the mass of the people fern their lin ''',lcrdaY a SPertal ('rent was add, for the purpose of consider.
pqifue tatipriety of petitioning Parliament agaiust the Alien
Wad upou the faith of inhere ; but lei fashion only guide:
the way, or give the tone—let Mahan' est:alai-eh the minutia. The Loan a 3levoa stated, that the I'nn' Mayor of tile city of
add not to be subject to its rules is iSt"lfitli disloyaltyty to i ISPIJja and hr Edward Stanley were in the Court, and he wos
red suret he would have the alt tan-fence of the Court in permitting
society, and nothing slaved of open rebellion against
derou s
out lo:hruhaving seats on the li•neli.
t este. In th a world of London every thing
Thc .I.7lltDine3iri"v"lil'g il,.,6rosed of,
Kidd.. ; it is the Alpha and the (allege of your chin; and I meeting at the especial',
holiday misses of every degree, from the d:tughter of the retptes, or several oiteinntbrnernenT cal a(
riser to that of the eeeen-{bear or the little chandler. Mien Bill as hostile to the hiontieli orumnstiliiii.:da, au ° eon:liniment intended
•o ad fareigti potentabn in the it eatanstie views, and innyoupatible ,
Sounds have their reign like colours ; asel not to atlinire
withv rtlne principles of tier frec Cie.stiontion.
Bishop would be argued to be as much against taste—aye
ra:ut..,lLita se,- t).usis, :at tiothtat in bringing the question forward he
and jaagment too—as to diepute the sueremacy of Mrs.l
1141 ox Mrs. Leta. lu fact, it is now a-days difficult to , non in thinkieg, that it didt inonattieri;:quirienttlhe l'uld fannrie eunorwilaa-
',muss! ment. The sulject was one intereetiog to the walei-lfa ro°fenilankhnid",
dosido whether the mtwie-master or the milliner
the vastest share of influence over the rising generation of the one in %Met'. whatever might be the shades of trolley between'
the mroihtes oh the (*mut on other questions, he thought that ott I
our fair countrywomen. We seem to live in a species of
.211 ti!lbsit,stotioir,tero e cdouvld he
rno 'lilt...fence of opinion. 3lueh had been
bebenlaehera age, where the use of the thinking faculty is
or t,liiinsit,:neuittiti'lstiliterterenee in political mat
dispensed with, and the mind has become deerepid and ties, but he was II; nil.
cae.axai,,etailneultdednitinoido good. li
enervated. And yet we have still left amongst us kind The general feeling waitY fterourable In the
and ►lie could not tier:mg:l with introduciag thisgsubject with anyuil.
visits and generous feelings—a rage for improvement which .
vier. to the electii•es ne next St. Thomas's Pay. Ins intended
no extent of discovery can satisfy, and, demente all that may
Imo!
histindeore;elittialwere not foe:nth:el on popular clamour • he
by said to the contrary, a power of harmony to link us all in I
a.httritlitehrecqitilgiritoitivn merits. lie had a
fraternity and peace. IVe have before remarked upon the cestagectiolasinoreeaiacntion was
v lamobactlir.arn: wicked
u 'fitness of a theatre : s the wens of any subject wished measure, and eliotreelitable to this renntriy.
to be thouglit sacred, anti we shall theTefore not touch on Mar/ interests of Certain persons acre concentel, they never failed
aelee-1
attetnletf to Swot; old lie ccosieleml„ when the interests of
that at present. Mr. Retain and Mr. Ilenelli may each
The principal t ttliantaia web:c con.ceriert„ if those persons did not attend to them,
think that we have already said too much. wasbeseeotaTtilgei'aitti. toile Jile.,Toobetria of tint body to lift up their
setractiou of the evening was the second performance of the' voice sad
mote success:ld oope.ition to that litill.in ollterlriorte° hgtairetest•i.re 14
a
e're!,hery, by an Irish gentleman of the name of Wade,
the liberal views of the 'maim Ailniinistration, and helmet°
which was honoured with so much applause on its first
54" they 'mold b glad to hear the opinions of the public
representation. The advetiturer in music hat tnuela to gain. uter-sure!, ilihough perhaps they were :10( to he hound by
if he have only a decent knowledge of the science, and the „n
etehzeirAct was brought
benefit of it reapectable connection. lie wi ace fur the ear in far Irtn:;.pe"nr:riyitt)::tili'•:::clalni:;.e.'as t'lnc'iel Alien
niol 2.0 t the eye; he writes to the passions and not the eon • tion. ll depri;‘.4 .*Ori nriers •o.tilaielptnoneetninnutehnetto;' sin
rnli;
enjoyed, and reed IA them liable to be scut out of the Yeouurnitnrevrat
judgolant ; and above all, he wines in a language, very
the. mere aria of the Seen ; nry of !•it4l.. :Ur the tissue lkpartilieut.
iteurrally reed we will whoa, but still very little under-
ipuhat Itighcalipin. Gentleman l'inis•if admitted it to be a severe
ettaml. no that if bis.chances of receiving merited praise he ireliii.z
iy42}lrtgrioi.it:fri
v its
excontinitiar.e%eit. that the niessure had
few, the detectors of his want of power or skill are also rut Itai•reen. the
few.
Those partes of music which are arranged with time. Omuta. 7.1 apology. Wiwi in ii• the itrestnitiroduril'en, anSlit wasure
first
mid 1
du not
,that it wax nereswev for our men safety against foreign and domestic
strictest adherence to the principles of the ecienre,
trennn. No attentin was now 'Lade to say that either existed. arid
always afford the most piessure ; but thin they excite he lnts' el thot the temperate ex tresolon of public violet' would in-
attention, anti are sure to ',Yalu applause., and something
vouiage duce
.coo iclo,,t,ilaoeno 'x
„J.-n. 2
to crop
g i.e tip the 1101. In tire, Hie Government
more subetantial too. The musician lies the ad
.I.l,4htuutiertititicieursui7etilielViiedp,cubluie voice called
over the poet, thr sculptor, and the painter, for there is 'Wan them toil" w-
hims:if to restive our finances, and he hopetloth qufel'healiist exerted
nothing in nature by which he can be measured, while the
would be equally tioward in healing those inroads which' were made
ra
others are only considered to excel by their fidelity to the nn the Constitution. Ile particularly alluded to the Six Acts. If
objects of which they give us portraitures. Much, we
rii.i,,4h.oseriever; lilt not allow them to die a natural death, he
know, has been elf etc.! by the skilful variation of sounds; NZ* ?toot
.itemii.eamtittoentive. to the subject. With
and we alt, know the difficulties of the science, arising out reap et to the Alien moult(
of the extensive rant:o of its comliinationa. We are th used—were rem often ant in force; and, rtren, he aswked, wleairleenwtly
the necessity for its continuanee it At all times foreigners were .7.
(.eee very far from denying to the scientific musician his due
mccd of praise. Sounds have already conveyed to us the InlrB.snettiu:dsntry.h:rere'itelivein;.sell',.:',,i,
j'aitt‘aalluoicture wise brought here after the Roo-
majesty of the coining kluaiala ;—the beautiful story
(w)hdo lied front the
Ruth has found its way throagli the ear once again to the cruel persecutions of die illotie;seanof ibileioPerauns
heart, anal we have had rehearsed to us the buoyant feen- here in the time of Elhaalwth, to rescue thentseives Itrotcrin" came
extursreer
entions of Philip the :if:total; and many of the most respeletahle,
vies of Acis and Galatea : and to IN..' s who contained ';lesubers of this Corporation and of the City of London were their
them with such truth and effect no man will deny the tritium
jesfvot
no.,itis.
thatlle need
r not allude to a Jortin, that great divine—to
of his approval. Hut notwithstending all this, we should beisiiis.aanl izstlie,e'agn-,---)o,tin.
the
wise.illayr;il tiwa utimatched
t
sorry to see the people of England diverted from the hardy hwyri--an' el to a
lairatmite of business, and delivered over toe love of pieeeitre, laical ecoortme. la short, it was almost unn the
',alto imeaintr
the. persona descended of foreign anee.try who new adorned this
of which music constitutes a great and cantonal part. We
have (mune:lves hut little apprehension on that stallion ; hut e,ltrinalitijr, lie
11'4414 add' this country' But the "'ls oft he
it is perhaps quite as well nett' nuw and then to Took from to :at of lw„LTleisrtitutmeemit iilii clic: Ito tile
treatment
a Wireigne" here,
bud
countries, whole: liberty and safetyl
whit we were to what it is becoming that we should be, new materially endan. tiarsdrebigltcos euanidude
in a great degree to that despotic alliance which VOA leagusilliel: in are
anti take care that our car no inure than our eve offend as.
We would not be understood as wishing to abate one jot of anbitdialrliaeln'7otreurikiln*:ll.dc(l7estraychtfahatcootfatleerxatitiliimieali It lithe'', kaunritriilaess
liarng-
rational amusement ; for we neither aansire the practice nor to speak as he thought. lest he might use expressions be should
the principle of an austere privatioo of pleasure. regret. That bde. hooey o dm
ll'e are still anxious to be understood bymankind, d ••• . ' ' reed
there"' reprobation of
underrating either the science of in ' OT tahsellr• no
ntinetabnles Ileums nranl'atii.il:ini;nri* Ilef"trYbell'n'iniediennri'inil :thereini;asn'imeitnoittuilinteinaredfdth;:t
!senora who live by teaching it : but we cannot n'to-„ften would tibia Otis untidy l'n'....edali"ha"h/ir Tices.and
even
those l 7trie. views were not snitedooss. by the I:merriment or the propk
repeat a witch that no amusements', no pleasures,
derived frilM the power of se„g, shaU be eeceutaged, fothe ' .hereh,isrZiwnterryeafrieli4dk:ww nrcinlabfigiply "Ilectable.e7ll7;trceraken"
11:014ge of our old English conflicts of opinion and tmergy of hark to their tram cot' try, inoltait!inothiriiiiwn lest
ot the;
hialintistot sent
thintlitg, which have made us the nation we ate, and which, inipinialee and blood-thrrsty tyrants. And by-the-bye. what righttl
had these gentlemen of the alliance to rule despotically, and yet
if England to bereelf remain but true, we than long centime
to be- Let us be musical, but not to excess—let us, if you i tatiaint:l!*" it
a"
sail
? "(la
long
was
" since
Finland,
bum-
. hall tretil'o„llhell'il.wea. 7" '',l''""'T seised no
nep!
will, sullen down occasienally into the indulenee of its enjoy- I Wile:n-I'i
runt, but let it net be one half the object of our attention,' leas people of those cogneYneeed"couninejies Pt otaThieveßla.ele.ele olet Europeha
or divert us from those other pursuits whirl, have a greater ' was
now
'n.1117...1,
with the exception of this a'unt'y ; aril we
I should hold out our host proteedion to those who were sieffering the
tendency to the general amendment of our intelleeit„culaal
vanatvl iiii.:otin ~, i , igated pe ro•ehteiao, Hogland should be what it ever
'wend condition. We fear we have ban ten long Vac unfertunate and the asylum of the me-
in la our mote immediate object, that of hoticiag the ; sel sCtiviC.lll. .IFericir.",;i' l'au.
I...kiinftlind could not he
'need( entertainineuts of last night: and in truth, there 1 se. eintriderol; unit 7;t:i:;efoittl:.111107:11111Z:
Will SO lIMUCb to admire, the excellence was so general in I s.itutional a tatessure would he abolished, it wniasirnalt once auvnietoilna:
the vocal and inateunitettal departments, that it would be ' thin of our (*.institution, and a disgrace to our free and liberal in.
stitutioas. The worthr Gentieman concluded by moving ref-
alanoet invidious to make ally selection. IThat can be . tam laulutions, embodying the various topics included in his
add:: lto the praises already eosin:end upon ,mica M. l'ree, ! speech.
MI potent, and 3lr. Hrnhane? 'llse language of jaw I .tar. FAVE.I.I., in seconding the Resolutions, his nbli- i
oagemiain has been teeienea_ean aaa.i, eaainialea, in the ; gatai
Inns. to the worthy livnt!e•Uan who so ably lugirfoecelward this
itmentiou of their aliatinguish-el (M and they never were Ile hoped they would no longer I ear of the unnecessary
I iiiii:;:lt.c'e.T.enee of tine Court, after tlicireiforts to procure a looditicatien
wore conspieunua than in the performance of alr. Wade's ,i , tal Ciusali.:•ei nod
li the atiolition of negro alavery--suhjects
11"orker V. '1 hoes was match greater preeieion in its ext..- lwirhiileli,ln.r.if ~
both
cittion
last night than on the find representatima and it Plrii.oo,o7.tne..livil the rlnlileitillertaifirsatttentiun ofthere linuses
of
I
would appear to us as if some useful alterations hail been ; excuse,' for it t but rho.,' excuses nut longer could'be pleatZlre; and,(e
'glutei'? it since, last Wednutiay. We could say much on lin fatn, the only object to Le now effected by its continuance was to 1
tits dating exhibited by Mr. Wade in the choice of his ' ffieet the
foreigndespotic Monarchs, who amused to riot in the
e...iiatation and slavery
th of their unfortunate subjects. Ile need not
sueet ; and net a little 011 certain manner' a and elfin- ;
bberay,eitoisied
num:nem; it was ease dear to the hearts of every .
tetione which ociaesiousaly struck us, But we must not pur-
.. , and
.every man who had a right notion of
Luc defects, where the mese of IWallties throw round them liberty' Tedder was :10 Brituie reason to continue the Alien Act—'
it One uneloaded blase." I there wart no coneideration of honour to justify it ; and if continued,
Mr. ; Wadi e sueetass is no don err problematical, Wm a end if ilic lit could only be NO to aid that wieked confederacy which spread
;nisary arid ruin wherever their influence extended. We were much
".rpinuse of last evening Waft not so vehement as on that of!
siltibuiceittli
inuidtult,etrrefott.i.esi from Francethi at:lditother countries for their
:to that represeu2anots, it was still of that diseriininating .
charteter M Nell MOM b rat P.O.;Sfy the author. It would be 1 'leen, he woad t inertelyseseninyg that the latelaY4tarttainthly bll'iena now
fin
:ela Unsay that, the Prophet-e ix a faultless performane i l'ulatid was a theserieltoi I:1 any,
of shore individeTts.ew-ho', inerflayinare
I from foreign re:awe...item, hail found an asylum and a 1100. e and •
tt Whoe'er expects a lenitive. piece to see,
' Memo.: in fee sioer c motry. under the protecting power of this
nut the liarellnakloal "'al rn.'..lerl-aw:4l.le aitstar• t., nor
ttllvoreeshaleirlbelie..ll tilt! etwitry...h Thor Alien itill was now altogether tinneeemarr ; it gave
power, oliiehi those pass-ming it said was seldom used :
and study eye surmount. Mr. (Nude has bed as vet the ' a‘ill'ol't7:s...e. why c,anteituie it anyleinger it Its unfrequont use was
-''l,r play w- honestly bespoke for hint, and if it cnistinee ;
Ai
rf.
1t
;ler
iiheoeto:tattbstlnits to
to show there was no necessity Co it. 1
as g elms and his imlnetry will not pass unrequited in tide' address the Court fleas a written'
v eautey, al the liberal, the wise, 30.1 free. Alias M. Tree Parr, whiz' lie was called to order by Mr. JAMES.
ale ere teed iii the saered song. " Theis art, oh Lord ! the fhe Loot, M AVOU rend, that it was not usual to permit Gen-
st anti lily ; and iIiSJ ill the duetto with Miss l'aton. bei - . c
harge to nu
; charge. .1 carets speeches, except when answering sonie,
"Aron u tiny;" the music II Bishop. Miss I;oixlall I Mr. eneeett—l have herd snme persons q
stng well. attel we were happy to find Mr. Phillips in such' others, and 1 Vra. 001; wIlO•tf t.O quote *fima in yww"clue pot try
fro"
I.;eeihott vti;ce. Mr. !Crooks elay accompanied Mr. Scipio I The Limo Merlin—lf the privilege be extended too Ike. some
3lember may next think proper to introduces song la laugh).
u;u
~O•e violoncello, and a Freaeli artist, of the name of ' Mr. ‘a „Lan_ rh,„ I say. and I hope, that no Slavery Bills
I f:11.f.11.7. pet-ft-waned a fantasia on the flute, witlgamarclihfit i!r.support
eorunstry.to protect tyrants in their wicked-
ralt.:tiitt, o'' ,itothink:•n, Litt without his deop- shall.
bel
Tisfranedeveirn
'951
I will the: lire supportu 711,,',',,,auitan'.tyranny oPFetaina, and
r taari. The Tantae wile crowded at fall price.
seterenese-erneenesone. 1 Mr. JAn Es said, that work irrelevant matter was introdueed.
The ,0. f.0.4.'. a r
almillay contains an account of a melan-; and much which had been better omitted. particularly the abuse of
holy event sal I to ha:; occurred at Know. but which we. tile Allied t4nvereigns• As far as he could see, they did not dr-
, stei :vs the abuse east upon them; and in his cooscietwe he believed
lreet is unfoundat. It is stated that an English familycorrect, and only
was tPk .11,r, a ride on the banks 'if the Tiber, when tho" utteil:ttei-re'etoncechUr thece
asto
repair
wh:l Iqu
h't' ,• WI 'll.o'l the niece of Lord 11 1 ...Ammer was 1110lItIled It watusaid that the public voice was against the AlienHeittrillhtetarj
i•i! into It" tt'T:r. And MiSi rottlturat, the niece of Esti . he only gathered tho expres.sion of public feeling from what was
said and voted in the House of Comtnor.s. i Hear, hear, anti a
netlittret, eater remeiaing polo time on the mergers of the
6164aia This four too often interfered. and would be more re-
'yin" :r. t•ttlik lo ii • ea more. It is rattled that Lent H
elmer '
tweeted if they had not dons its. Their language was often highly
::::'• •ii ; ALI! 11:ilitudf tufo •the Tiacr, and that he also nearly improper, even towards the Timone; and 1* only hoped it would
n":111'e • '
• a etetato to the rapidity of the current. Loral not be conealered as that of elesa'ourt, though it was of stone of the
'••• •'.' ', we pr some, is meant at the Nobleman alluded to. ; individuals eJirposing it. While Gentlemen talked of this Act,

" 0, silver sottin!4 ! who're pre ye ? from the thrones
That spirit. waits of the cniporyleil cloud%
Or Irmo the arrkling natern, or the hills
I 'rn whose Italy hums the livtniog Star
Des like tt diadem ! 0, Piker .t.oui
liteathe round me, till lore'', nonlicr, slowittaertl Night,
Wars your dmy nuannitant in ;ter shadowy cell."

Y.
" 'Tis no enclir.nt:d v:sion ! Iln ! she comes!
There's intis:r in lit r motion ! All the nir
La•.ea around her. Venn% !—There's n foot,
S.. light and delicate, that it should tread
/holy oh Howell.. %bids. nithirotis or its touch.
Should sigh their •was not. ponol of such street death.
St) cultic, upon her ti Itrts Ijoeen of Lore,
So sovereign Juno rim% the he ,rt of Jnve."
