cFir.Ai'clDE•..

TO MERCHANTS, I;4CittIi•TiHrtIOLF.S.ILE DRA-
VERS. AND OTH ERs pritioit rttEmisEi.
By Mr. BURTON,
On the Premises. on THURSDAY N F.XT (Nov. 40), at
Tsetse iielorls, by direction id the Asop,nees, if not pea-
vinnsly disposed by Private Cuntract,
grit E volsogi.le Intro! verc attractive
RUSIN F.SS PREMISE% being No. ;ti, Clataymide,
a.ar the reality. The pedaloes jackale a spar lofty
stsreatalse OS die ;,'l..§§l§§.l lkstr, an exrehear dry baterairel
lobby • 11:11.4te, Communicating by a Separate
staircase tu a very Csialsiodo.§.§o, toiseruvrat, upper part,
esataising drawls's and donne ita.laa, prinelpsi nod Se§Vattls.
Cialarber§, and r.quisite Jvaa•rtte airane§s§estr. These
tkairable premises are held on lesoc at ■ moderate rout.
Akio, a small gruiiii•lllisor auJ basement wArrboirie wßird-m-
Helyd•raart enjoining. To be viewtJ .i•l. hrkets. *hi. h,
wit► GleseripliVe partle.darv, Mrs be bail of %Ir. Ku AWN
o.'lool loarttratare ul• Mr. Nina. Solicitor 1.. the C Waft's.
City Tltragaterrsimastreet; at the Mart* ail.' at Llayira,

PI.AI~TUN.

Lately riblishile, is ties Volume, Octave, pairs is..
SCCLESIASTiCA L anal NIS'ER-
Z
SITY ANNUAL REGIS raft, far tin Year
Castrato-8. Est heartiest Asada —s. shin et she Mali
Eccksiast.cal Fatahliebspeal.--S. !lime of the Established
Church to Proceetillsp is Psrliatircst sit=
to Ecclesiastical Alf.iirs Clerical dierniploy...-4
troversy U.eetesiestieal Swreilanies.-ese Eseleisseillet
tti.view.—.3. Pi °catchup is the Dioceses, and lb. UNNOF
sit ire—i i. Clkrical Obitisery.-1 I. Correspeestesee.
Prioiril for. F. C sad J. Riviegtos,St Paul's Mambo
yarJ. R it. 1.1.116, Patersotteutn. ; sae J. Histamine, also
stps, Pices.hils.-et of shwas okay be bad,
i. The F.CeI.ESIASTICAL sad UNIVERSITY AN-
NUAL RE.tiISTER, for illus. Price ISO.
s. The Erf :LEM ASTICAL DEK I essisisisi s
Lost of the Henrik-es, with their Yalsetwss, Patrons, sad
Nuniber of Pei ishioiters, It.. Price 75 Eal.

11.4 day it publishiAl, is isu wlr Ste. wire VIOL beard%
NAFLAigilitS ill she LIFE itud WHITING*.
j of VICTOR ALPlEltl:___

lVris cue by 11113115F.LP.
I'r\lr.leled from Ilme Ismlimo.
Pr.ute,t fur 1111 ury Cultara, Comil«it-strort.

VIIIISUOLD HOUsift---i)AcH:DoUsF.. AND SPA-

_ .
CIIJITS GARDENS.
Ity Mr. IL ATON,
At the kinglets Mart. uem the Bank, or WEDNESDA,Y,
(Use. MO at is a'alork, In one Lot, by il!•ertion of the
Am.:sees. 111116.11 previunsty disposed of loy3 rotate
Coatis:l,
A DESTRAOLE FREEHOLD ESTATE.
Inelii.ling three Wyk boat dcrell.tiptioucee, two of
which hate murk booms sad atabbeg opmione garden%
larae, and plea.u.e grounds, dismay:l with considerable
taste, sal in eseelleest ord..r, plesmatly situate at the eatee-
Daily of the snot respectable t illage of Maslow, shoal
Owe miles east of Loadue y early posari,mois wi:l be nitro.
To ba viewed with tickets, betescu the hears of 10 sad
silt days precious to the its, when diveriptive Partienlar•
stay be had so the pitmans; of air. laian, Solicitor to the
commission, Tlrrognms tesmtreel y M the Marl y sad of Mr.
Porton, tic, Condo A.

It to in.r"untote to prresee the solestrWra of sue► o use •
Airmen estitutst atone intettia sad grstilicattnn, Tire Welts of
ardour anti ur,gutal.ty that re .I.atitteetl thrunch tat t►e ro-
s,•rve iv.voy of Melted', beget • curt tuned expectation
ant rierio.tty ; end eyn t►ose part• of bie et.e, eh.ch WWI
to tu.lot.• rather to ha path, 'silt, and thee r,,
• gimes or pe.-v liar chancier, acquires *grail or impair-
Lowe team r....olkerseg It.. ler these tr.) rierimaNlNOMP
Play Leer a.e...tett the lorie.tf.ou and ohm. meted the dreedepe-
anvil of that character :and cLutue.-nsilei nor.

" Perhaps the histary lOrrderre dare out prrarat M et.
traavdiaary au e of tiro enierrion which ot:al Wane
will dormer, us Mailed by an suit unimproved toy hothotm
tiou."—Xlint Rev.

la a few days will he published, by CROSBY emill OW
Statiostere.toort, London,
I. FiLFRIUA : or. The Heiress 4.f Br!grove: in
a'
LEAtii.kIOLD RESIDRISCF., NE ED NAL-UhI:EN. Drib h.hut 4 rob. by INS Emma Parker, of Esiiteld House,
in
EY Mr. BURTON. e. THE, DEAL) LETTER onFice, in e solo. by the
Oa WEDNESDAY, (Dec. 100 at is tielndy at the Mart, Amboy. of " A tVialar is Omit," .. 4:uriuso of Cogloot.°
le; Order of are Assisse.s of Messrs. Hogiere and 5•...c..e. .. 0,...k., a i.,,, w ,e,” J,
\
A(3EI4 MK'. LEASEIIOI.UItESIDENCL. 3. The MIRROR of the GRACES; or, The EDO&
oak double how (runt litigate tad being in Ponder- Ladies' Cassetwe i enrol. owe eteiy twwilble sum* to tett,
soled-place, RethuslAw-ece•ged. The FR11114141 have been law, ~ hoot of -7.,,;,.. Di05,*1...0,,,, „in; qiii..w.
sweeps!, finished in a nest mentor, and cootwo ten parlencv, Lea,,,,,,,), and Ji„4„m,.. is IL, ande.,,,,„,., ~ pree, of -et.
a dream pruntn, li.ite vicerlulf•mottnl. two k•Se4.3lso •teN 111111,0, swat"! to. every Age, Canstplessno, or ter em Written
and large garden *al. sufficient room to erect • clooses.hooso by • Laoy ..f Dietitvettun, who has trauellee, and Aterheel la.
sad sleds, he/ ni 1,114 Cue shoot sksty4wo years, at a trotoely shot is tru'y yorefel a:A elep.n.t sonnugst the
gr And rent of 71. per aist.ww. reined ornow. of Esienpe. Is • nest ;rocket soloist, with
To be grieved, and partwolare bad so the Premises :of beastigs; piAgie, 14. i„; ~,,,„,,.,.,,, :s. tat
Mews Willis, faolhors sod Clarkol_Seittiturs, Warafued. Jose giblised,
,m
'ite Th'ulT"'°"°'"Utsii at ill° Mort 3 soda* t• 2.61- i MLN AI sod nABILLA ; sw.The Reverse* of Potters .
too. tit, Clunhill. ' tools Ida.

PRfISSUN DECREE.

KAPECTING Till. GENERAL pnotintrnow 01
ALL OVLONI4I. AND ENGLISII PRODUCE.

l'utoeettic.,WlLLtasu by the grace, of
c 0.% /UT; I, az..s. 11/ our Edict of the
lot!, iwonia. we unicteta Lite huatieerion or the Ile-
area of the Getat r%l Cowth:etwul Taira till the 20.11
only of that 'swath, wait r. spwct to theColoolef Pro-
duce iutrado,ett to Jar Sutra Fur eoteoaaapehmi, in
the conviction that whatever of thoar articles night
Le reinaintug, could only pmerra Gout the old
storey. or originate iu snow of the Inte esti6ociitiont..

As. however, intelligenee rrceired in the Olean
time trout the CoMiltisilorlso scut to exainiue the
state of the seaports, has given just trillion to sus-
pect that there are actually in several places depots
inure or less to be found of Colo,oal produce, ande-
r...lenity of what may he es r.•, to the old stock ;
and us by this intelligence al n, we are insured that
inn vanity of places the vigilance of our excise
and custoiii-iirmse Officers and mercantile Coin-
ninearies lies led to the detection of considerable
quantities of Colonial wore.., imported through the
'Wanee of interested epeculators, or kept back.
from various pretences. for borne conminption, we
hove therefore determined. by a general and un-
semidahle reettlation, to prevent at the same time
the loss threatened to our I'..tchequer. :Ind those
eau which in our Stairs have Leen au obstinately
attempted against the Continental system. We
foerefore decree as follows—.
• 0 I On sight of timid. our Excise Oaten, employed in the
several States of our M simicby, are uederid to wit
Colorist prosier,. and .5545 wares as stem, from their qaa-
Ult, to la or Enna' sii,luflartiare.
" Fora :his rrealstiro are excepted the obi stores n( re.
Awed sugars. as well as raw and fulleirated, as also Use
present murk Of the inlan I &Avenged werekauts.
" The Principal Officer of it in each place respire-
'lively 4 cloned with the exicutioo of this order ae.l most
a.,‘ it into immediate operation' serowleil Loan
csi.4.4erab le Slerchams, sod were itetessary, tic SI ditary
Oren cf the district.
Fro.. dot day of the publication of this Deere,, or
ai Meet the period at which it is made buses at each place
enipretreetr, net rterehaot or areal stun dare to act coo-
Crary theirtoot; to titaitose of the pods so prithshileJ, or
permit them to ti-• ether ita by own or any other
came, coder pais of confistation Those manufactures
wiled in the porta, or in tbe island towns, are to be depo-
sited is s ptild:c macatoic
" 111 Mot Auer merchants or moots whom the Excise
°Akers a.. seepsti of Moon :soy f wares, though
net gasoline.% mast amipirice i ts..e.w treaty four boom
after the puhlieetioo of list. Dien., raier pion of con-
- . . . . . . .

a IV. Verb reeds as are seized on their way are to he tail
soder coolieratine, either at the plate of their ultimate des-
*matins, or at the first hurter they roma to.
" V. roe the decoln.e of all questions rith respect to the
seized, to order that the newer mat not sost H..,
outt.atuary t jut, tbn Doector of Excise is desire.l i s 'ohs
lii saliket owlet curbside...tom aithuul loss of tis a.:ti-
to
by vovil 01E(vra as "in he riot, wad angst ti.rusorit
as stoutest thereof ',Ohio Ares daysafterwards to the 31inia-
try tit lotsesee. lairrior Offices!' are M. give tatenigeace of
the discommes they 3.Lite t.. the Pr,winetal OinCla•
." VI —This ietedigesse shall esetenow-
m I. The aerie of the seerehaet, shipper, or agent, of whets
Ms goods Lars bees seined
" it. The pier. *here they bass Wen seated.
" 3. Thor qa.atity it ormolus or gross and eel weight.
"a. Their quality.
"r.. What aniumil of ensestaptias, or what danger in.
e iiers..l is the .webs!, shipper, sr agent, sad what taught
be the is hr was to eopeet.
" OThe way sae sserswar is which the polo are *cited.
" 7. The several eiresesatisteea that reader it lividelV.e
the. melt goads may he admiredl et lams, to the peraediee
ad Seidl& weefedetee.
r. llee other three sections of this Proclamation are in-
tended se segslate the coulees of the Coailenissoossers is their
tillkeste &mew es the goods wised as above ; awl be what
ledleslies His newer Isar hove 'calamities, or a coopmeatirie
Ae whole ersiduresably to Orr apwit of the General Coati.
amidst Tariff (Deed) " FREDERICK 1% LLIA SI ."
" 01.1.4er 13."

DAVID OT ?V$ M%I V, OCT. 2s.

There are at this moment on the frontiers of
Germany. 11,11, the trench Dowarinve offive, a con.
sinerable number of German books. which earnest
enter France until the Libeariaus, sr individual., to
whom they are addressed, hare obtained perinis.
MOO alto. Government. In consequence there his
boe• seat to the Director-Grweral ..f the Library,
the list end title of each book ; and should it be
uecesetry. • commis-ion will be nonsr.l, vskicit aiU
intakes report upon it at Paris. They are now oc-
cupied with thinking of the mean+ to ticilitate the
introduction of oinks of literature, provided they
do net meddle sitb polities.

EItAMITORT, OCT. 25.

In consequence of the proclamation of Gellert.'
Count Friani, a very strict search was tratile in the
watchcases of this lowa. The French troops ue
copilt all the posts ; they were played at the cm-
'tans of streets. and remained under arms all the
time that the visit lasted.—There was ant the leasit
disorder. The Police heti taken the reriiii.ite lire.
eats ions. Some very considerable depUos of Cobs.
toal and EnAi,sli inerchawd.se lyric d•ecwvereJ.
They were informed that such places esissed. bud
isnmedia-tly placed tbvsn under avquestratiou. sail
h id them watched by s-s.ttnels.
A reps:t of all that hiss paned, and of Vie disco-
veries which have beets mode. has heels vest t. the
11iniste:s of His 51sjeary the E.nprmr end King.
We ate ignore:a Lon Ilia Majesty will dainties
ism 46.

A Letter from a i:oantereiel Ilaeve an the Banks
of the 11.....er coottr.no that the whole of Ike 40oeml•
which arrived luton ftenti• rs 'of %Vestiotalot ere
s.nt bark, without goy regard to orttiti,tors etf
fu'lti,e. bream.- .:.;wrieSeee has tlenvottrretod tease-
f3otths t there renstizetes err fergr.l. mod
ratorrost is rirtprotoortl ant no I,e any lager the
dope of enoneplittere. I)rant•rit. ;Imitate, Are.
*mt. rie +vire l'o.,teienstioss t.f t'!:: !Mts.,. viz.
%%Typhon.. liavorso..tirretrot. Le. eteirsarlawl.
I 110.1 the whnlr of OW frtnch Empire, are
tow ekes estates' She Bottitsh.
Ewers of • I.4ter front Ctroomatianista, 4.teti
larialirr 2 :•—•"ilte appre.lthi4; Aett.••ew re of
the fireatel lo4ter ft., the army. his canted the
arestne erstito•ta•nt thro.rghe•t all the raotoos of
Asia. Lately. tp.t rnatpante• artivrd from the envi-
rons of Criers.; Cippan (.11,tto•s„ oafs hes 'troll'''. is
ems • te :C4 march from 74rot4re. r.i.:..;,,
rAeite rest, a lie rood to return to the Block Srdi."

■•'RNtt eel. It 4.

On Saw.liy last. ill. •Itee the dertzta-
two. writteh half been twirl.. Mete Tr-opened!, **sae,
isevertf!el.m, eliii trnui•t entol.

TlN.en.n 'tondos.. Th 14,11111 E to f-n? of the petit-
clowl estritet ttitti itvults t:.t, to.a 1..5• tkeu tw-
ig:ace:said.

BRITISH PRESS.

LONDON.
SATURDAL Novutata 21.

INTELLIGENCE PION IVI:TVGAL AND mixer.

At a late hour lad isight•we received Portuguese
Papers to the talltuFreitch to the llith, and Dutch
t. the 19th insteUt. T4e battle or military move-
uient of consyseeoe bad taken place its Portugal
up to the nth inclusive: but the British Array
had rvceived acme reinforcements. consisting bf
the fourth and the twenty-third Regiments; the lat-
ter from Halifax. The Pregnanoy of the Empress
MARIA LOUISA it officially am.otinceil, in two let-
ters, signed " NAPOLEON," na the alonittur. And
an intense is the darkness iu which the people of
France are kept, and so great the deception prac-
tised upon them. it is stated that the British Array
in PUTtUgAI was preparing to return ; and that pre-
parations were ordered to he made fur the reception
of 9,0/0 airk and wounded in the liovitats at
Gasp°. t !—The following are the principal articles
is the l'o togneati, French, and Dutch papers.

LISBON, NOV. 11.

We are still in a state of suspense, but the wea.
ther w Shortly expected to break up, when the
streams will duw in such torrents as will prevent all
'hope of streeotirs or coilvoys reaching Nlassetia fur
the wilier, of course lie must resolve upon some step
very soots. Ills dispatches have Leen intercepted
at Toledo. II the Judg • ilr Foie, on the lwr.ott of
a Portuguese, named M isquerelli. Aideole-Camp
to Junot, and son to the Judge of that nain, who
was ammilrst tho.e banished in Septern'rer. Mas-
sena's account of the battle of %me* is said to he
fair ettou,rfi : he writes to Bonaparte, that he ca:we
into Portugal in the faith of proinioed succours.
which he his no•areeeived; arid without which. the
slicer., of his army used not lie relied ea; and that
the fate of the Peni souk Jellellds upon his army.
lie directs NI isq.terelli to pot a gaud face ois
things to every one in France. except **in his
very private tuterview with Bonaparte. The
r papers said to be tak'n are. a letter to &inspirit.
mie to isse la's Wile. and three others, with the
I yoitug naina's own istotitictions.—Lord,
, gene a feta as, Wedoes.loy, iis honour of Field
fMara 11.reaford's receiving the Order of the
Bath, at the }loyal Palace at Mafra : shout 230
were invited ; bat full 400 coupe to droner. which
caused WIN crowd and coufri.lan. In the
evening, about 50 ladies and nearly ROO gros
tlesseu were present.—lt is sail that !Aeon has
crossed the Zezere. to attack A brantro. *loch is gar-
risone.' by Pa;tutuebe and Spaniard.. We helot'
straw party of cavalry anti flying artillery so site
other side of the Tagus.
A ship of war came in lad nigl.t. said to be the
Steiftsure, with the ill ltvgiutritt. from Hula**.
The 4th lauded this shay week ; it is a very title
re. itnent ; together with a co:nap:boy of the Brous-
wick corps, ai-1 swot ether detachments.
A few days ago as us escaped from the French
boos to nee s. and was 611,1 by sitar nieu : the
FMK% pispiets laid down their arms and a nue ore,
to ask for a : oar Kru-r.os fellows trot it in tar),
gave theca half. togetiwr with a loaf and sonic
brandy, and sent them hack happy.
Crest praise is dee to the Engirieert who fortis
fed our lines; their merit &seises the highest
praise foe the judotent is well as fur the eaeCilw
118111 of these lit 'lrk,. which are bath as never has
been seen LI are in any couutry.—The prisoners
from Algiers landed to-day, in great pump of pro.
cession.

IDCIII. OCT. 24.

The news whie we receive fro,u the French Ar•
my iu Paitogel is, that they march (tom succeso
to succes4.

FICAMP. NOV. 12.

A Frenchmen who left I..udon the loth. and
Rutrin tuth the I Pit. ha% brought the following
news :--l• re ;,..rtrrl at the moment of hi. de' nir.
tore frogs Lutt•ion (the In;h. at in,.l-4.1 ). thtt en
Aid-de-m.llp lirurral 'WrilsiaAtrece had brought
the SPIRO of the E..tgb.h ormy befit, ahnul to ee.
turn, stir! that orders Ilia hero Riven at (1...p0rt to
erepere the ho.pitals for Vert and
COPY OF A LtArren ra.sm 1114 14Pliitl %I. 4410

Hoyakl. MAJESTT. TO THE IPHL*IIDEbT ulr THE

srm

1.; Conte airaier. President of ilie Semite
—The satisfaction which we experience to comes
ipiesiee of the prepsworj of our very dear sod well-
Spouse, lies limbered us to write you this
letter. in order that yun way, 13 our user. commis
waste to the Senate tins went. as essential to OW
happiness as it is to Ilie intert.ta and policy of our
Enapi►e. The toresent having so other object. we
6001. NI. Le Comte Cornier. President of the
Senate. to bola you in leis holy sod worthy keei•iuy.
liswitd) .4 N•PtaLLOII."
" Fest.w.t,leau, Nov. Is, Illeu."

WIT. 14.
flit. CLATE LETTER. TO THE AIItHIBISHOPE ♦MC

■IIINOTf.

" Si. the Ilikhop ei--..,

" It i• with the most infinite eatistact tan that I out
olde to alloomme to liaa the happy Frrgagneir oI

I Fir vary dear lipouse end Coinpsiesee.
T }.r..of r.f t} e ction of God apresdisg
over oay femily. %Hell impart. aa.-h hippincsa
to my people. iodine, me to write you this letter. to

liitortu you tliat it I►ll Le snout earetitle tit OW.
that your orduid particular prayers ft* ti►e reser.
vatiott. of her yur.oo. I tally God, 14t1. the Bights,
of --, to hold you iu his holy keeibsig.
Nareums."

" Danz at OW I'slare of rontainbleau,
Nov. ii, low."
• NAT'S.% 10101% 2.
Janina, Sept.
Translation of a letter front ►is lisigtiiinse The
Greed Vizier, .11.1+f written +at ceitlP
at Semendria, to lie Excellency Ali Yacht bf
Janrioa.
" His Highness the Sultan %homed IL boa op;
tenthly acknowledged, is hir quality of King of the
Two Sieilies, Hir MAjesty Joachim Napaleae."—
This declaration is official.

Vi'e this dayrtsome our extracts from the Gentian
Pipers to the ;Nth indent, received uu Thoreday.
So great is the diligence used ter the kingdom of
Westphalia to prevent the importation of British
manufactures and Colonial produce, that certificates
of origin are ilisre4.sriled. ncd Colonel produce of
every description is .axed I mliscraitinastely. The
conduct of other States under the influence and
control of NAPOI.VeII, may not be so tyrannically
unjust as this ordinance of his brother Jadeite;
but there is none in which the system is not macre-
ed with severity sari rigoers must Intrassiiirio the
I nerrilint, and reducing tip people at large 'lto the
most aljrct state of slavery. The liberty lathe
pd'. that other article of English growth., cad. as.
such, obnoxious t* the Tyrant of the Continents
still continues to be persecuted by him with mires
tenting hatred. It apptars from an article under
the bead of Banks of the Maine. that no rump
litemey work of a political nature will be allowed
to be imported 'tutu Fiance.

We ere conceraed to state ti.at :he otkial report
of the state of Ms Ni 4J ESTY'S health eines not cor-
respond with the hopes held uut in the Treasury
Jottinals.-aThe following are copies of the Bulle-
tins received I esterday et St. JillUiter Palace:—

MO•l4ar Ner. geo—Coks p. 08.
.. No change has b:'en ohverred in Ills ?Asa's-
TY's complaint since the morning.

ri. r.. arrincos.
" H. HAL:',I4I).
" HEBt.:IIDEN.
" M. sAluAr..
• G WILLIS."
" Wiulsor Ca, :le, Norilv. 23, 1110.
" MS MAJESTY :hid is little tucrea,e of fever this
amnia,. after. bad night."
