SPANISH PAPERS.

MADRID, DECEMBER QR.
Tbis night the flail was shut in which the l'oli-
.

tint' Club of Malta usually met, and pickets of
• the national militia were placed to preserve order.
At the uccustonted hoar • great crowd assembled,
which forced the doors to be opened, mad a great
many individuals then entered, demanding that the
tribune should be again placed, which had been
removed since last night. The Constitutional'Al•
ea* harangued the multitude, assuring them he hod
"Fccrsearded the representation signed last night, ex-
horting them to moderation and order, and to Mal
for • dry or two the efferveveenee of their desires.
Among the crowd many people of distinction were
remarked ; the national militia behaved with. that
It4WirtgAt citcunespectiou by which they have 64013
-41111rilleingUiSbell•
• Last night the meeting of the Club of Malta
eintieuted, and it was announced there that the
"o•
ther of the Political Chief had been issued, m
et:minim:awe of another which had been • commu-
nicated to him by the Ministry of the Government ;
and on this ground the Secretary of dirt IKpart-
mem was'violeutly declainied against. Illemitinte
the represeidation, arrivtd, which had been yawn
up to petition tits Majesty to disunite several of his
• Ministers. mud unsay signatures were added to
those already annexed' to it. The Constitutional
Alcade took this' paper, lad pf6tnised to pvesent 'pc
to the Mmilicipality,,thiUugh whose metal' if, ittS
resoked to collet:114 tu:.tite King.
The petition op tesomnstronec drawn op io the

• - ,*
-a* --71“ •

LONDON,

MONDAY, JAmumey Is. 1821.

We have received Paris Papers of Wednesday
and Thursday last. The domestic intelligence
they contain may be dispatched in a few words.
The Chamber of Deputies in the sitting of Tues-
day adopted the project of law for collecting, pro-
visionally, the first six-twelfths of the taxes for the
current year upon the estimate* of the last year,
and presented it by deputation to the KING, who
insusediately transmitted it to the Chamber of
Pers. The only remarkable occurrence in the
debate on TueSday, acts a complaint made by
M. de GIZARDIN in the course of his speech, that
France labourtd at the present moment under a
severe tyranny : "Individisal.liberty," he declared,
" has lost its secillii;.'dte Preis is enslaved, the
prisons are crowded--(violent nevriastrs)—and
secret imprisonment has succeeded the torture."
The speaker was interrupted by a violent uproar,
t)a which the words •"tisfulse," from the one side,
,were answered by the words 64 'tis true," from the
'mew.
°I!1. de GIRARDTX continued, " What tyranny
Nisi more odious than where certain privileged,
tethers defame at their pleasure their less fortunaisti
fellow-sad!jeets, and in which the ancient and faith-
ful allies of France are daily outraged by journals
under the supervi.ion of censots ? In this state of
,things we daily see the grossest insults heaped upon
Naples and heroic Spain." The murmurs were
':again renewed, and M. de MAIICILLUS, u leading
rutember among the Ultra-Royalists, exclaimed,
" There is no heroism but in fidelity." M. Du.
DON said, " You .are seditious ;"' another observed,
You are en advocate for revolt." In the mean
time, the cry of " order! Question!" from the
right side, answered by shouts of approbation from
the left, interrupted M. de GIRARDINI, and com-
pelled him to turn from this topic,.
The foreign intelligence brought by these Papers
,
is interesting.

The celebrated Foucnc, Duke of Otranto, died
at Trieste on the 26th of last mouth.
The Emperor 'A LIXANDER arrived at Vienna OR
the 30th of December, and proposed to set out
for the Congress of Laybach on the 9d Mow. His
Imperial brother of Austria was to precede him in
the journey by a day. The poor old King of
NAAR' was eipeeted to reach Laybach on the
Sth instant. The Duke de GALLO, the Neapolitan
Milliliter for Foreign Affairs, left Naples on the
20th of December, with a numerous suite, for the
purpose of joining the. ICING at Florence, and
accompanying his Mist:slit to Laybach. Doubts,
however, were entertained whether the Allied Sove-
reigns would permit so enOgetic en advocate lot the
late Revolution to appear in their presence. A letter
from Vienna 'somewhat suspiciously observer, that
the delieerance'oftAt
.KIIIh was considered as a de-
cisive woke, and that hw MI./BATY is so entirely
beloved by the soldiettaird every class of his sub.
jests, that a simple 'ominous from him would
be eufficient to Woe" Them to lay down their arms.
hape always WaspeCteet.tliai the object of the
6:Allied Sovereigns in requiring so ptirtietrlarly the
-presence of Killn himself at Laybach, was
for the purpose of prectisiog upon the fears or the
qitfblity that belong to 'advanced age, and in.
(lacing him to suffer a proclamation to be issued in

his vendable mute, eAlliim on the Neapolitans to
restore the ancient systiih' of government, and. in
the event of their refusal authorising the Allies .o
devastate his realm with fire and swords That hopes
of this nature are entertained in Vierilia may he
collected from this letter. The Allied Sovereigns
have, it is said, espresserf their resolution tint-the
Spanish Constitution shill not he adopted by any
State within the Italian Peninsula.
The Cortes of Portugal were installed in Lishost
on the 19th of December,
The French Funds were on Wednesday, Five
per Cents. 801 r. lU c.—Bank Stod 1,447 fr. 50 1..

Spsnish Pipers to the Ist of this month have
arrived at our clfice. The decree of the Corti*
against the holding of political debating .roan ties
has not received unqualified submission in Itlarlsi.l.
The society held in the Malta Coffre.house bee-w-
-ed resolved to resist the means sclopted•to auppresis
the meetings, 4111111 found neerstiiry to o.4tutrii
the aid of the militiOttb enforce the'eointasaittor
the civil authorities. .

The most important cireumatanet. however, Etat.
ed iu the Madrid Papers, is the intimation that the
Permanent Deputation of the Cortes had met on the
28th of December, for the purpose, MI it vs.,* nni.
der.tnnd, of taking into consideration the' late event,
at Naples. The people of Spain• ought to fret a
generous a)inpattly for the Neapolitan:, and endea-
vour to preserve them from the horrors of immunity
their offence being nothing more than an enthu-
siastic admiration of the glorious effort made by
Spain to rescue her people from oppression, and
relieve he► character from the reproach of slavery.
Naples is not more guilty theta Spain, but she is
Ira, powerful, and her oppressors take a disgrace-
ful and cowardly advantage of their superior strength
to punish her for presuming to aspire to freedom.

County Meetings for the purpose of voting Ad,.
dresses are the order of the day. A great .portioy
of our Paper is this day devoted to the subject. •

The Pheasant. Capt. 11(vm.Y, lately captured
on the coast of Africa • smell Portuguese schoitner
(eleven tons), called the Novo Pelicidode. with 7)
slaves on board, 34 of whom were women, crowded
into a space eight feet four inches long, four fret
eight inches broad, and two feet seven inches high'!
They were all shackled toge►her with irons, unit
when released could hardly stand on their legs from
cramp and starvation !

Saturday afternoon the Leveret sloop of war,
Captain RODNEY 'SHANNON. arrived •t Ports-.
mouth from the St. Helena station, which she left on
the 19th of November ; last from Avcension on the
q.Stb. The Vigo, Menai, Cygnet, and Simerwater,
were lying at St. Helena ; the Brazen, at the Cape;
lees, at the Mauritius; Redwing, at Ascension.
BONAPARTE was in good health. His house was
finished, hut the furniture for it had net 'mired
from England. The Leveret spoke the Maria.
from Sierra Leone, bound to the Rivera

The Eton and the Princess AUGUSTA continue
in the happiest state of health at the Pavilion at
Brightou.
Yesterday divine service was performed in the
Palace, Pull-mall, by the Rev. Dr. S. CLARKE.
The Duke of CLARENCR attended divine service
yesterday iu the Chapel Royal, St. James's Palace.
The Duchess of Estee- is recovered from her
cold. Her Royal Highness was so much 'letter
on Friday, as to leave her apartments at Ken-
sington Palace, and proceeded to visit the Du-
chess of CLARENCE, and spent some time with her
Royal relative, who, with the Royal infant, the
.Princess ELIZABETH, we are happy io say, cor.
three extremely well.
• The Duke of SUSSEX continues indisposed with
• cold.
The QUEEN and her MAJESTY'S household went
into mouroing yesterday. The Rev. R. Fet.t.orets
performed divine service before her MAJESTY.
A notice in the Gazette of Saturday last, from the
Lord Chamberlain's Office, for. the Court to go
into mourning for his late Serene Highness the
Duke of Bituoswiett, carefully avoids to noble
that that illustrious individual was the brother of
her Majesty' the QUEEN.
The Duke and Duchess of CAMBRIDGE arrived
at Cassel oil the 23d of December.
The statue of the lamented Princess CHAR-
LOTTE, which forms the principal figure in the mo-
numental group to her meniory, designed by Mr.
M. IVv Are, lies been completed in marble, urn'
was on Friday exhibited to a number of distin-
guished connoisseurs, previous to its being sent to
the British Institution for public exhibition, It
• has been cut out of is block order themedtilian mar.
ble, and though executed within aster time than
. any piecestotederu sculpture we Aimee of, bids fair
to raise Mr. %late a place oansagettfloo‘aculptors
•of the day. r ~ • •.-,
A Requisition has bees presented to the Sheriff
of the County of Centheidge awl Isle a Ely. .to
converts a meeting of the ,freeholdess and. itatislii
ems to consider of the propriety of addrevoiar the
Kiwo to Bigwigs his present Minister.. 1.4 e She-
riff has appointed such meeting to be Ireld.et the
Shire.luill, Cambridge. termorrow. Tine utswsea
of the Duke of BIDPOItD. the Marquis of TA VI .
STOCK 'Earl FITZWILLIaIi, and Lords UtenE
and STOCK,
stand at the bead of the
Requisition.
On Saturday the dispatcher' for Bengal by the
ship General Kyd, Captain NAGLS E. were clos'ett
at the East Judas House. and delivered to the
Purser of that ship.
Passengers per es'enera/ Kyd
Fur Messial—Messrs. H. • Ricketts, G. W. Baron, and
J. G. Diodes writers; Liewt.-Colowel G. Gerprister and
family, captain sad Mn. Itlonrev, Leistssant Cisrlll4t,
Crowds's'. Suwon, MT'. crseresat; P. °ow,. „„,i
P. Robertson, Free mariners; Mimes M'lLead: Makeuzie
sad Clark; Mr. J. Psatua, Mi."J. Potts, Messrs Chester:
IttiMerdo, lsltl6eld, soith. Gealsadti Watt, Polllll',ll.rics
Remy. Span, bottessi; IPlCeszle, RION J.tlarks
and M•Nair, Cadets.

-Me • -

EMI

141,41

411

"•" • V

.40

p

_
