1:011141111

;;;i1:
uli E
Mud
SUN,
Ena
NI
mill
♦our
bias,
;t1

of the WO party was particularly directed against '
;;r alurrav Maxwell and his friends. Dirt wog
thud very liberally at Iheas—hut they treated the
in. 111; with the contempt it merited. We are sorry,
however, to state. that Sir Murray Maxwell was
struck on the left rye wan s ))))) e hard sohatance.
The bloat etruivialy disroloured the ourrounding
flesh—and, if we may joule from the frequent ap.
nitration of Ins Innallkeremef to his eye, this gallant
officer soll'are I corionierable pain from the wanton
sod monaoly assault with which he had been visit-
ad. The only answer he mode to the indignity was
a low bow—and, at r sulasequeso period, wheu.filth
war thrown towards him and lii• friends, he stepped
forward, on the outward railing of the hustings, ex-
claiming " that he was not afraid to throw himself
• in the midst of his countrymen!" In the course of
the day, he was repeatedly accused of bring favour-
able to the system of flogging. Oar of the seamen,
however, who served under him, was recogiriped in
the crowd by Sir Murray, who immer3itately called
on him to come forward. Sir Murray Maxwell
said, .1 There is one of my seamen—ask him what
my conduct has been." The tar advanced—and,
clamhering up the railing, cheered his old Com-
mander with great cordiality. A Novel Officer,
who bore the brunt of the day with Sir Murray,
.desired him to state to the people whether that
Gentleman had ever behaved with undoe ity
to a seaman—or withheld his pity ? To which the
tar replied—" I sailed with I long, and a better
or a kiiider officer never commooded a ship."
At half-post four o'clock, the numbers were de-
clared u. (Amy ;
Sir simnel
Sir Mierray Maxwell
Sir F Burdett
'llw Hon. Douglas Kinuaird SS
Mr. Mimi .. 14
Sitjur Cartwright ..... lit
Sir MURRAY WaXWILL stood forward to return
thanks. " Gentlemen," said he, " thought
have been hit iii the eye by a shot (I cannot say
whether by a friend or a foe), I am still anxious to
consider you all as my Meted.. Indeed the armed
C airlidate on the poll might have naturally expected
to receive a shut or two. rite Learned Gentleman
who is placed at the head of tfie poll, like three
other Candidates, who are less fortuatte, does not
appear to like shot, and Ito very prudently kept
nut of the way.—(.4ppLorse.)—But, Gentlemen,
I have been iii the way of shot, sitter I entered his
ill.je.ty'a service, 28 years ago—anal 11 only feel,
here, that the min who could stand, after he was
shipwrecked, at the head of his distressed crew, and
apiwal to them, aye, and cosieldently, for their
support—l feel it is impossible. that such a mance')
be afraid ha meet, under rattly circiiinstatices, the
electors of Weit ... i .. ster.—(,ipploase )—I plod' tell
you what my confidence kids me inrilier to ex-
pert. h induces me to believe I shall, with your
assi.tance, head the poll to-morrow—and keep that '
proud situation during the whole of the IS days,
if the pull should continue open so long."—(4.
posse )
s 4 •
stir. PITT. and Mr. RICElhabSOl4, jun. on
.the
part of Sir F.ancis Burdett, called on the Electors
na m Ike the most vigorous exertions, in order again
to send into Parliament Sir Francis Burdett, whose
conduct, during a lot% period, Was marked by the
moat armour desire, seconded by talents of the
first order, ta place the rights of the people on their
proirer fartinlation.
Mr. .V tsit A RT, at the organ or the Committee or
Sir Samuel Itotnilly. thanked the Electors for the
strong mark of catilidence which they had this dry
given to one or the moat etunietat characters of the
age. Ile was a native of tVesiminster 1111111 of
cousioninate talent —and, in the Senate, he had
always proved himself to he the true friend of the
people. They must rejoice to see a man poasessed
of Ins abilities representing them in Parliament.--
They most It see admired him, when they ;Harked
his mislaid application of throve talents to the
cause of the people—when they saw him dumb-
founding Ministers by his reasouing—and putting
to fight their. veinal supporters. No instance could
Ise pointed out, in which he had deserted the cause
of freedom ; anal, if he c. sine into Parliament by
their exertions, no man would be more ready to
lend his assistance in bringing about that just and
true It •I•rm which alone avoid save the country.—
(Appliare.)—Sir Samuel Itomilly wanted nothing
from G arernineut. Could any man be foolish
enough to suppose that he who had realised a
princely fortune by his own exertions—who had,
neverthelese, devoted a great portion of his tune to
the service of the State—could it be supposed that
such r nom would be swayed by mean or improper
motive. ?---(Applause. f—Sir Samuel
!waste life was as praiseworthy as his public one
was beneficial. It would be highly honourable to
I.ls fellow-citisens, if they gave Sir Samuel a seat
as the Senate, and he hoped the men of Westmin-
ster would not forget that he had been burn
amongst them.
Mr. P. WALSER said, he never thought, and
Le did not then think, that a miaurity was a dis-
grace. Ile would rather fall with honour, than
rest by disgraceful means. lie would rather be in
a nionaity with the friends of universal suffrage,
um.) Imam of a majority with those imps awl
'wider, of power, who rioted on the people. spoil
and flaorishell on the people's ruin. These were
the men who caused the majority this day—these
were the men who would divide the national spoil
between them. The people had had enough of it
—anti it was high time they should be masters its
t..e.r own house. There might be some shades of
rldference in the opium's of those who deemed re.
harm neces-ary—but the great object they were all
contending for was the purification of the Corn.
Imniv. 'louse of Parliament. Let nut Gentlemen
b • discouraged by the issue of this day. There
e ere iB,ooo Electors in %Vestittinster, and of that
ari nbaa. but very few hod yet polled. The event of
this day ought not to guide the opinion of the
Electors. 'that event was produced by *thins long
laid, and ready to be acted un—plans connected
with Treasury influence. The poll, on a future
di, would shew a different avert. The eyes of
uli England were on the Electors of Westmiuster—
sod he called (anthem not to abandon the venerable
• supporter of their rights, Major Cartwright, whose
principles were reiterated by the voice or millions.
Mr. W. C. hut said, he thought it his deity to
a hires. the Electors so behalf of Sir Samuel Ito.
imlly. for the purpose of removing certain nista-
eourable reports that had gone •lirood respecting
him. It was asserted, that, if Sir Samuel were nut

returned for Westniiiister, he ',mild be sent into
Parliament for some borough of his own. This
was not the case. Sir Samuel had no borough.
He hoped the present state of the poll would not
cwt., tiny in in to relax Ind efforts. for idocing this
celebrated character oil that prowl eminence which
merits clearly entitled him to. Ile trusted the
Electors would east he led away by mere report, of
the characters of the Candidates—lint that they
would di.crisoisrate between the. I Gentlemen
now before them, ■nd snake their election as cou-
science dictated.
Mr. HUNT then addressed the people briefly.
They saw what the state of the poll was this eve bbbbb g.
He entreated his biros.* to come forward wit hermit ;
if they did so, on Mondry next his rotaries.* might
see the state of the poll with dismay. He emitted
them fur their unanimous approbation of 'mu this
day, and took lease of them for the present.
Mr. GALE JONES ettributed the success of the
two Caudidates first on the poll to the exertions
and influesice of individual friends. They might
now exult in their success, awl ridicule his friends;
but, before the Election was over. Mr. Hunt might
cause them to tremble. He hod no doubt, how-
ever unpropitious the commencement of the poll
was, the result of it would hr glorious to the cause
of freedom, and disgraceful to its adveraisries.
That might have the apprerence of victory, which
was, in reality, but the straggle of men in despair.
They had not solicited s siugle iudsvulurl. Lest
groundless despondency should be the conse-
quence of to- lay's proceedings, he insist observe,
that the bu.iiirss was not properly began yet.
Mr. Hunt had only acted the put of o prudent
General, in not bringing Isis whole force into action
at Once. A lesson was taught by the result of this
ddr. —tAt this lime much Imaginer warn excited by
;he unexpected apprentice of a sweep, who had
contrived to elevate himself above the crowd near
to where Mr. Jima.* spoke.]—He slid not know
whether that was the effect of accident or design,
hut lie wanted no better proof of the, wretched con-
dition to which the people of England were reduced
by tile conduct of their Representatives thou the
appearance of that unfortunate boy. Ile exhorted
them to imitate the independent conduct of thr
Electors of Itrestminster, in placing Horne Tooke
.hove Sir F, Burdett and Lord Hood—and conjur-
ed them to rally round 11r. Hunt, if they entertained
soy regard fur freedom, any desire to transmit it to
their children, or any anxiety to defeat the Court
Candidate, or any detestotom of the mean arta re-
sorted to, to seduce and then betray them.
M►. Hunt's Isarouche way drawn away from the
hoisting, by the populace. The great body of the
people dispersed at the same time, about a quar-
ter before five o'clock ; hut uoisiconsidersible num-
ber kept lingering about the spot they loved so well
till a much later hour.

SOUTHWA KS ELECTION.

Yesterday morning, at half-past nine o'clock, the
Election of Members fur the Borough of South.
mirk commenced ow the hustings, in front of the
Town Hall.

At eight o'clock, as Sir Robert Wilson was pro.
ceeding in 6i. landau to the election, he wee met at
the Asylum, Westmin.ter.road, by a large body of
electors, wearing light blue and purple cockades
(the colours or Sir Rolled and Mr. Calvert), pre.
ceded by a band of music, and two men carrying
large purple harmer, on which were painted,
is Wilson, the Friend of the People." and " Wilson
and the Independence of Southwark." The gal-
lant Candidate was received with loud cheers, and
he could with difficulty prevent the people from
tasking the horses from his eirriage. The cavalcade
dress Mend fill, leading Sir Robert %Yawn (who
war here j.siued in his landau by Meese.. Hall and
Wetherstusw) by a circuitous route to the hustings,
amid the acclamations of the people, the bands
striking up, " See the conqueriug Hero comes."

Mr. BARCLAY had privately arrived on the hust-
ings a few minutes earlier. A friend of his imme-
diately introduced Sir !When to Mr. Barclay, the
rival candidates, mutually exp►essed great personal
►espect for each other, and expressed au earnest de-
sire that the contest should he conducted on public
grounds. Sir H. Wilson assured Mr. Barclay thit
both himself and adherents would do all in their
power to guard against ally thing like the intrudac-
tion of perm:Wily, and to conduct the election
with the utmost decorum.

Mr. CALVERT arrived shortly after, and was re-
ceived with great applause.
At half-past nine o'clock the HIGH BAILIFF. at-
tended by Alderman Sir J. EAMER, ordered the Pre-
cept for holding the Election to be read, and took the
usual oaths fur his impartiality. &e. Mr. Barclay
and Mr. Calvert were on his right haul, and Sir
R. Wilson on his Irft.

The HIGH BAILIFF tlwn earnestly exhorted the
Electors to conduct the business they were about to
enter upon with drcency, impartiality, and decorum.
Mr. SOLOMON Daetxs came forward to pro-
pose Mr. Charles Calvert, and was received with
g►eat applause. Ile observed, that when his Ilon.
Friend first solicited their suffrages in 1807, be was
told that it was fully to snake such an attempt, as
we would not be able to poll 500 votes. The re-
sult however, was, tort Ire bad procured the sup-
port of 1,634 indepesiderst Electors, and was left in
but a small minority—a minority that gives death.
blow to the then existing aristocracy of the Borough.
—(4Plaurse.)—llia majority, iss 1814, consiord of
2,180 independent Electors. Ills Hun. Friend on
that occasion bad told 'hem his public con-
duct would be that of Ms independent man, noxious
for the maintenance of their rights and independ-
ence—and in his subsequent votes in Parliamerit
he had redeemed that pledge.—(Great upplanse.)—
Let the Electors rrfrr in his vole►. Os, the Corn
Bull lie was one of a minority of six, who opposed
the introduction of the measure—•he opposed and
denounced it in every stage, as a Bill that went to
deprive the people of England of the luxury of
voting their quarter's 104 r sit a cheap rate.—((.rest
applarse.)—The isext.Bill he opposed, was the
sm•penston of the Halmos Corpus Act.—(Load
eheering.)—He ( Vlr. Davie-}, like all other rude-
'modern men, used to look at that Act as one of the
greatest bulwarks of the people's rights; but when
he lately loons' it suspended on every flimsy pretext
by Ministers arid a complaisant House of Commons,
l►e had ceased to regard it with Ins former relive-.

Minn. There wan no pretence whatever For the late
tosspensoon.—(A person its the crowd---" Yes, there
was; where do you leave site green hag "—Loud
lanchter.)—Thar late worthy Representative had also
refused to COileili on the bide 1111 l ity Bill, to screen
their greets hag Ministers from the punislimeot due
to those whom they bed so grievously imprisoned
sod oppressed. For these good public meta Ire now
once more proposed Mr. Chitties Calvert, Ns a fit
person to he one of their Representetives.—((:rent
spirt:use.)
Mr. D. W. CLARE.. in rising to second this
m0n0.,, unfortunately tell upon a misnomer. which
excited mach uproar and 'sueliter. lie com-
menced by saying, " I rise to second the moo lion
for Mr. Bewley." Ile the,. corrected himself, and
said, " I rise to do no such thing—(Loorghier mud
cipplause.)—amt how I came to trivet too Mr. Roe-
! clay's side I don't know, for ( caiiiiot think
of voting for the 111311 who agreed to the suspetosion
of the. liberties of his couotry.—
(Much applause
and some disapprobutiun from Mr. Barclay'rfriends
on the hostingl.)-1 hear groans, hut I hope they
are the expiring groans of our oppootarost's support."
—(Laughterand applause ) —The worthy Gentle.
mail then proceeded to state, that whatever (lotions
to respect Mr. Botchily had es a private gentleman,
lie could have none an public gronnrls, because, as
a Legislator. he lied given a ready cmicurresoce to
• 801 l which pus so abeyance, if hot lo excioction,
the liberties of his country.--(('redt applmse.)—
If the Boroughs would say that ilia acts of the last
Porlimitent were in unison with their sentiments,
the.. they would elect Mr. Barclay; but it; ou the
contrary, this was toot the Cu..., then they would re-
turn their old and tried servalit—their faithful
steward—Mr. Calvert, whose conduct deservedly
entitled I - to the confidence mud gratitude of the
Borough.—(Great applinse.)
Mr. Fe.oIIENCS You so then came forward, amid
mingled expirations of applause and disapproloa.
lion, to compose Mr. Barclay. lie said, that when
he had ti:-st the honour of proposing Mr. Barclay
to their ntice. be had told them he would act in
l'at banana the lout of riii Indeprnilent ins,,, mon.
flueneed by Monsters stool wowed by foctiom. This
character he had sustained without turnieg to the
right or the left —( laughter and sipplunse)—and lw
would still coittiute to plirrilr ilie same track.—
(Cries of " Ayr, if he gets in he wiry !")--He'll
, never be influenced by oho. ee of a crowd, who
form no part sof the Etc( tors of the Borough.—
(Great nprour.l-11e was the lit man fur • Re-
presentative, for his I tool property placed him
above templet • The other Canaidate had, in
private, disclaimed ell isersonalitirc, end he (Mr.
Young) woos convinced of the sincerity of 'his dis-
claimer—but some of his adliereols were not so
manly, they had descended to scurrility stool Mice-
Itofi.l.—(Cries 44 Not true—marine.")—lt was
said. that Ste Robert Wilson had a majority of
promises, but he was sure Mr. Barclay would soon
be found to have the great majority of votes.—
(Applause and disapprobation.)—As to the other
Candidate (Mr. Crawl), he was sobost lionoureble,
consistent man, sod that tribute was due to I
from a politicol opponent.—(ApplJuse.)—lle con-
chided by proposing Mr. Barclay.
Mr. THOMAs ALLEN Suu rut, in seconding this
motion, stated the high estimation in which Mr.
Barclay was held by the Borough of Southwark.—
(Cry of " No ! by the Borough-mongers.")—lie
was firmly attached to the true principles of the
Constitution—when the Ministers of the Crown
were, in his opinion, right, he tooted with them—
' when wroug, against them. He was not, as be bad
been misrepresented, an indiscriminate supporter
of the measures of Government.—(Cries of " Yes,
he is."/—lle was, on the contrary, one of those
fair and hottest men that the people wanted—it was
untrue to say be voted for the Corn Bill—on the
contrary, he had voted against it in the future
stage's ; his first vote was merely for going into
Committee to consider certain Resolutions, and
decide if the introduction of a Bill woos eligible.—
(Great uproar.)—The worthy Getotleinen con-
cluded by seconding the motion.
Mr. HALT., rose, amid great applause, to propose
Sir Robert %Vilsoit. Ile commenced by stonily,
that hr regretted, its common with the rest of Sir
Robert's friends, that the 3leeting was not much
inclined to hear the 'supporters' of Mr. Barclay ;
and lie begged to assure them, that the wore they
heard flout the opposite party, the mare decoded
they would be on the two:essay of retoar 1111 l g the
genera Cconoloolate whom lie was about to propose.
—(Applanse.)—lt was highly necessary to inquire
into the pretensions of the respective Caiiilidatrit
who now solicited their suffrages. To Mr. Hoechsty
lie could have no personal bolo day, except on put).
lie grounds. It was quote ludicrous to see how the
friends of that Gentleman ritdravourrd to calum-
niate Sr Robert %Vilma', by placarding hum as the
friend of war, forgetting, iii for smile lime, that the
very first vote their own favourite gave woos for
going to war ; aye, sod a war too, not for the
liberties of his owso country, but to impose upon
another a dynasty against the emporia of the people.
—(Great applause.)—What the noble- led and
illustrious Duke of Summit, *loose mime ought to
be eiigraveu in letters of gold, said on that ',recl-
aim), might for ever to be re memhereol. The illus-
trious Duke said, that had such a c luct as was
then pursuing towards Well acted upon at
the glorious Revolution of 1695. his fancily could
'lever have been witted on the throne of England.
It was not only fora wow that Mr. Boucley had
voted, but for war taxes also. He voted for the re-
newal of the Property Tax—( Cries ti " Shaine !"/
—for the Cunt Boll—for, to all h.teiltok mid pur-
poses must lie be said to have voted for that meusure
(assuredly for the principle of it) when lie agreed
to go tutu u Committee ; hut the mime. t lie found
the oplitloil of his ensistuUellta in direct
11011 to his olvii, lie then turned round and gave his
• vole against the nirasure.—(4 laugh.)—fins nest
vote was for that Swimming' of the H 'bras CurFus,
which enabled Mioi.trrs to fill the dungeons of the
I kingdom waft innocent guru ; and then, own'',
Iwhen lie convict his seat tottering malty 1 for his
con.loct, hr Word ftlllllll slid cooed agaiiivt the
redound Si.twusiun Bill.—( laugh.)—llut to shew
the more he hold of hos Consisturists' opinions.
was there any thing further lirel.l.l4ify 01;111 to men-
Imo hot vote for the Indemnity Bill, *loch screen-
! ed Ms-whets felon the putsitsloment they d d for
the cruelties misled chide the I latices Corpus
Act wan suspended Before they mold any that
such a mass was fit to be one of their Representatives,

they must lore their semes, and abandon all re-
collection of public 1. • iple. %Vitt) respect to
the claims or Mr.'Valvert, they were strong and
one4livocal-er hirl done his duty as a friend to
the lwaltle.--I.4pp/mise.)-I-As to the melias of S,r
Robert ‘Velson, he would say a few words, and let
time who thought he Merl detne►its come forwerd
and candidly state them.-(Applut:re.) -Sir Robert
was a moo who pies.essed, in 1411 eminent degree, the
two go spirits they had a right to look for ill alre-
preseistative—iietrgrity and intelligence.-- (Ap-
plause.) -He had spent his whale life in the service
of his country-he had fotoolit her battles in the
field against so foreign enemy, and he 111.1 s now a
candidate to light them its the I louse of Commons
against a donerstie one.- (tipplouse.)-The lemon-
Fitly of his disposition might also he inferred from
a late act or his, ill reselling from oppress et vic-
tim about to lee sacrificed.- ( We presume Monsieur
Levalette.) -Toes act wools' for ever isninostalese
hies mime. -(dpplatise.) --.TIIIII was the man lie pro-
posed as a Candidate to represent them in Podia-
inent.-((treut upplatise.)
Mr. IVETHeRsTatt seconded the motion. The
Electors were, he said, now celled upon to exer-
cise one of their sorest important and must vedeahle
privileges av Euglislimen, Hod they had a right to
acrutiseese the respective merits of the three Candi-
dates before them. Had Mil Barclay deserted their
confidence, the present mutest would never leaVe
mimeo, but he had forfeited all claim to their sup-
port-(So►ae disapp►o'uation from Air. Barclay's
friends repented his declaration, and would
assert his right 340 an Enelishman, to canvass the
merits or demerits of any Candidate.-Uppity/se.)
-He cougrstulated the Meeting that the day had
now arrived when Sir It. IVilson could into t the
ealumesies which the adherents of Ilie opposing
Candidate had issued against hint.-[here several
of Mr. Baeclay's friends disclaimed haviesg been
parties to wey such caltemiliee].-Ile would repeat
that there were calunisiirs placarded ogam►st hum,
not 100th part of whirls the mullion, would
dare utter to Sir Itolwrt's face. -(Applarese.)-
Here the worthy Gentleman reviewed the Portia-
membery conduct of Mr. Barclay, and charged him
with befog by lei* acts the friend of lured %pies and
infineners. The eyes of the country were, he said,
timed ems the no trooolitait election. The popular
Candidates were sure of slicers. 111 the City ; in
Southwark this example would be follnwtd, and the
hesectit of it would be great to the country at large.
The moment an indeprieslesit Candidate (Ir. Dem-
sells) started for the Comity of Sit re, the Govern-
meat Member (Mr. Thornton) slunk away, and lee
was cony/ince el dust if a second isidereioleut Conde-
date came forward for Surrey, the other Govern-
ment Member should quilt the hostilely also,-
(Applanse.)-The worthy Geode-man here forcibly
ridiculed the Green Bit:, Co tttttt liter, 014 which Mr.
Barclay had pinned ht. faith, and said the juggle
was the clumsiest lie had ever heard of, except the
Indemnity business. What would they think of
Bill Sonnies being permitted to pack a Jury fist the
trial of a pickpocket of his gang ? 341111 where. was
the differ...ace between this sued the Ministers nomi-
nating their own Committee to try their owes con-
duc•t?-((.oad laughter and applause.)-The. worthy
Gentleman concluded by slating, that though he
knew of no coalition beiwern Sir IL Wilson end
Mr. Calvert, yet he strongly recommended the
rlectots to vote for both, to the exclusion of Mr.
Barclay, then they might say they were fairly re-
presented.- (Applause.)
The Candidates then severally came forward to
the trout of the poll-desk, and addressed the
Meeting.
Mr. CALVERT came forward. and was loudly
cheered. He said that this was the third time lee
had been proposed to them by the same imlividual-
an individual who would not have done Into that
favour if his conduct had not been indeprodt rot and
' consistent. If his thanks were clue to the Gentle-
men who proposed I , how much more was he not
indebted 10 the electors at large, who had so uni-
formly elected hint, and for the still increasing sup-
port of which he was assured on the present ors:N-
airn). In his Parliamentary c•oiiduct lee had never
been swayed but by .the dictate. of his con-
science and trellises of his Constituents ; what
it had been, it would still cosstinue to be. 'Phis
day was the anniversary of the glorious victory of
Waterloo, and he trusted it would be also the
anniversary of the iodependence of the Borough
of Southwark.-(Great applartse.)-On his Par-
liamentary conduct he had little to se” -it woos hr-
lure thew ; and lee invited the severest sci unlit into
his vote*. He had opposed the Corsi Bill, because
he was coovenced that Pailiament ought nut to
adopt measures of that kneel relater to the eseces-
Writ% of life ; whetiever they slid, thee• were saie
rather to raise than reduce the valise of the article.
-(Applause.)-lie hail opposed that Bill in every
stage. noel was nue of sex or seveie who, its the first
instance, divided the !louse egaiost the prim tide of
the useassure.-(Applears..)- Ile had opposed the
susiwession of iler Ilabeas Corpses Act ; and no Wall
Could 1111111 in greater detestatiou and horror than
he dot that measure and its direful consequences.-
(Great applause.)-Suc•li a measure, or any other
which trenched on the liberties of the people.
►hould ever meet his ueopealatied torgative.-(//p-
-' phrase.) - As he knew they were noxious' to hear
what was called the third enme, lie would only en-
treat that they would bring up their iiidependeut
votes to an rattly pull ; and as charger had been
made against soother Candidate (Mr. Barclay).
that they would give that Gentleman a fair hearing
in reply.-(Great applause.)
Mr. BARCLAY thro came forward, but the inter-
ruption was so incessant, that he could obtain hut
an imperfect hearing. He said, that, however some
of the Electors may differ with him on general
points. lie felt confides'', if allowed a hearing, that
he would he able to remove many of the objectiotss
which lie had heard urged against him. He was
neither afraid to meet his comtitueots, nor the
charges that had been brought against him. It was
said lie had voted for war. So he had : and he
gloried in having voted for that war which laid
prostrate the bitter enemy of this country on thr
glorious field of Waterloo.- (Applause.)-41e
slid vote for the Property Tax for one year, be-
csusr he thought it would be the means of sud-
denly brielgiseg treat war to a termination, which
otherwise ought (judging at the time) have re-
duced the asiencer of the country for et series of
rotes. The only vote he ever gave on the Coro
Mill, was for the Committee to gi) into an inquiry ;

in ilia subtegnent Ntsgts he hod voted 'lrbil
it. They hall Petit hini t► Parliament • nar
tereil awl uu•hacklyd, awl he mutat eoistialte

he; ro
saute mrsltwl it dependence. see !tun: tab the}eel I with their suffrages. Ile voters 1.4
first musprit: .1 the fivbras Corpus Art, is, ,
lie thought the dassiterotos tAsie or tile c•otioory
quire(' such a remedy ; but when lie subsiiturit
found that this danger wus sleet go great, lee ve
iticeirset the second sosnettvion. lit had alto v,•ted
the Indemnity Bill..whith lie would not have (I,
it hr ti gilt the suffe-rers iiinoct-nt ; but hr
nl • thst she erriner tom were guilty, sod hie
exposed theinialves be their arts to the iinprivitti.
fluent Ihry had endured. Ile iwetted the tit etvi.
of the electors with the utmost confidence, and
strongest assurances of success.

Sir Unseat Mimi's then came forward, s
was for several minutes wnsble to proceed. flee
;dowse was so univerod and confirmed. lie sa'
that it was with the greatest difficulty he cool I
strain the emotions of gratitude he ft It to the (It
tlemen who had put hens by nomination, ;rod
Electors who hail gilen him so fissuring
It r, eei
tion, and such at g assirrsores of suppuit.—fd,
plunse.)—As am Eul{lishlwae►, lie would congmo
late them on the al rival a f that day, whets the
elective fratichise reverted to their Isitti-1-, et
when they could freely railways the merits of the,
who hail been their Representative*. They Coo
not greatly lament the distol often of a Palliator,
whose acts had been the mo►t unconstitutional 0
ever afflicted a suffering totilitr):--ta
which had unblushingly trampled titan every pia,
ciple that freettien held dear for the liberties
mankind—a Parliament that disregXrded and
jected the Petitions snit wishes of the people, a'
that afflicted its country with servitude, while svi
armies covered with glory, and a navy always t
umphant, it left a loyal and patriotic people
thing but an exhausted state of finance, the *sec
of their liberties, and hardly a semblance
their notional character.--((:rent applause
It was said that they ought Hot to speak ill of ti
deed—and all he would say of this Parlieineot wi
that if he were capable of pronouncing its Nina
eulogy in the face of the afflicting memorials it Its
left on record, he should be unworthy of the sup
port of freemen in a free country.—(Grent up
playse.)—lle came among them not of his ua
accord for any parpnw of self-ambition, but by If
desire of a deputation who solicited him to Heim*
the Initiortr lie now sought, and by the epprohatii
of a public meeting, who at I pledged fur
support; Under gulch circumstances he had t.
hesitated to conic among them, and by the shed,
they had generously played at Ina disposal, at
which he had recently embodied and combined,
had no doubt that he would ultimately have t
pride to find himstif ►upported by a majority
independent men, who struggled to estalthilt ths,
freedom.—(Applause.)—lie had hail, in the coot
of his life, moments of high exultation—he ha
been decorated with laurel to the field of victor)
by imperial ham!, ; but lie never felt great
exultation than he now enjoyed, when standing
their presence, and under banners of decoratioe,
which reminded lam of his duty to the people,.
(Great applause.)—lle disclaimed any person,
hostility tow.trds Mr. Barclay—any peritonalit.
would he as dishonourable to the cause of the peo-
ple, as unju►t towards the Gentleman to who
they may be addressed. They knew him (1,
Barclay), in private life, as a most respectable chi,
racier. and though they censured his public col
duct, they had DO reason to suppose that his cut.
were any other than the dictates of his con.cieet
however contrary his feelings happened to be w,
those of Isis Constitu►euts. When he paid tli
proper tiibute to Mr. Barclay's character and nit.
tives, he at the same time felt entitled to phew
that he had disqualified himself for lit ing the Re-
presentative or a free people. Ile would not en;
into the long catalogue of this Candidate's disqii,
lifiestions, for if lie did there could be no pulli;
this day. But he would ►um them up by sa)in,
that if they wished tyranny abroad snit slavery ,
home—if they wished to see British troops outing
like Janissaries—if they wished to see British gol,"
scattered like the flames of the Inquisition —1
they wished this country, once the gettermia pro-
tector of the emigrants from foreign despotism►,
come their prison or the ally of their persecutors—
if they wished to see public morals overturn.,
confidence destroyed, all generous feelings era.
cited by the employment of hired spies and
formers, as the key-stone of Government—if the'
wished to see all these things come to pass—imp,
sossineist without redress, indemnity for crime, ;
reform denied, and, finally, this happy count,
once the asylum for suffering liberty, the seat
servitude and oppression to the native and the

niggler, then he could say, that he was no eland
date for the suffrages of such electors. The;
principles, if such were their feelings, he woui
scornfully reject.—(Great and continued applause.
—They knew full well he expected no rewinds lo
from the people—he expected no blessing from II
Pope, no medal from the Holy Alliance, im con►,
(fence from that Privy Council, of which such men
as Reynolds, and Oliver, and Castle, were tl•
associates.—(Great applause.)—With such ho-
nours, or such mete, he could never engirt
to hold communinn—(Great applause.)—But tho►e
electors who wished to live under that Cute►titut'
which their ancestors had nobly reared, were
friends, and their principles his fixed guitle.—(A,
plause.)—lf ever his sentiments clashed with
constituents, in the event of his tieing elected—b
he retained his opinion, they should have the bene-
fit of his seat.—(Applause.)—He utlinind Inc con-
duct of Mr. Calvert, as much as lie objected '
that of his late colleague. Professions cf prot►ci,
were not sufficient on nu occasion of this kiiiii—t
people should be satisfied that then. Caudidat
were as clear from ►uspicion as C:rtur iiislied
wife should be. With reference to himself, Ili
had, doubtless, seen the {discards issued again►i
him—out of these said, that louttrets year. ape,
when a very young magi, he had proposed
Mr. Pitt the establishment of military poise,
in this country. They all remembered that
the time to which he alluded, evrey min iu

country Wars engaged in deviling memos to revel
threatened issrapion. Ile had on that occapioti pre-
sumed, not by • memorial irassismitted, to be laid
up it, one of the bureaus, of Mr. Nut's ptgeon-hols
but by et pamphlet, to ingest hip advice. Let t
electors heir what he recommended, and soy, w'
