Members in the House betides himself. (A laugh.) To this pe.
tition (continued the Ho;Durable and Learned Gentleman) was
appended the name of the great poet, Wordsworth (hear, hear);
a person by no means under the influence of sectarian habits or
given to such associations. This petition might however he called
a Dissenter.' petition, for it was from the ministers and congrega-
tion of Dalkeith, but this circumstance only showed how Dissenters
and clergymen coincided in opinion upon this question.—The llo-
noutsble and learned Gentleman also presented similar petitions
from the students of the University of Glasgow, and from the towns
of Roslyn and Amblesvtle.
AMELIORATION OF NEGRO SLAVERY.
Mr. BROUGHAM having moved the reading of the Resolution
of the House, agreed to at 11123. relative to the amelioration of
negro slavery, commenced by obsetwing, that the Resolution read
was - ited by the unanimous consent of the House and the ac-

.s suggest—
donationa of the country; the wise adoption of the salutary im-
provement which it suggested was the last measure of justice which
which could be meted out to the colonies. After that Resolution
had been agreed to, his Majesty's Government had taken care to re-
commend to the Colonial Governments to take measures to carry into
effect the wishes of the country, as expressed in that Resolution, and
alto to carry those maiming into effect at once, in those Colonies
which were under the immediate control of Government. lt was his
object to consider the manner in which the recommendation of Go.
vernment was received by those Colonies which had governments
of their own : with respect to the others, the inquiry would of
course be much shorter. He was afraid that it would be necessary
to enter with some minuteness into the details ; but he would be
-careful to avoid everything declamatory, to shun every expression
which might be perverted, and to abstain from every general obser-
lration, however called for by the circumstances of the case t not
because he thought such observations would be out of season at
present, but because he thought that there WAS an importanttask
which it war hie duty previously to perform, to put the House in
possession of the actual state of the case. The discussion which
Ica was about to introduce wss one of a difficult nature ; but he
himself should sot escape its weight. The importance of the
question, and the deep and serious interest taken in it by all classes
of the community, would, he hoped, be apology sufficient if he de-
tained the House with minute statements, which would otherwise
be Willy bearable; his whole statement, indeed, would consist of
facts, and of the natural investigatide offsets. He stated that the
Crown, having legislative power over the conquered Colonies. pro-
cetded to take measures accordingly, which were first despatched to
Trinidad ; and the mode adopted to effectuate those important
measures was, to issue an Order in Council for the better treatment
of the si.ves ; and although the Order in Council formed the beats
of the measures adopted in the Colonies which were under the con.
trot of Government--and although it was the basis of the measures
which were, or were to be, recommended to the Colonies which had
Legislatures of their own, yet he would state, by way of protest,
bin objections to that Order in Council. The intentions of that
Order he considered to be most truly praiseworthy ; but never-
theless there were one or twopoints in which the Order in Council
fell short of its object. He should briefly call the attention of the
House to those points : one of them was the important provisions
In the Ordet in Council relating to slave evidence. But the pri-
vilege of being legal testimony was confined by the Order in Court.
eil to those slaves who produced certificates of their religious and
moral improvement to such a degree that they might be capable of
comprehending the nature and obligation of an oath ; but he ob-
jected to that limitation. Why should not slaves be left in that re.
street in the same situation as other witnesses, who underwent a pre-
liminary examination to ascertain whether they understood the obll.
gations of an oath ; In that way they might satisfy the Court whether
they were fit witnesses or not. It was not a particular mode of be.
lief which rendered a man fit to be examined ; it wsa not requisir.
to he a Christian, or even to believe in revelation, in order to be a
competent witness; but If a man were found, on preliminary ate
amination, to believe in the existence of a God and of a future state,
be might be examined on oath. But he must mention, that with
respect to Trinidad, the Order of Council was drawn up with the
most praiseworthy liberality. The power of giving the slave his
certificate of religious and moral competency was not confitied to
the Minister of the Established Church ; it might be given by the
Roman Catholic Priest, or by the Presbyterian or Protestant dia.
scoter ; there was in that respect no favoured sett or party. Ob.
jections had been raised as to the cases in which the sieves might
give evidence, as, for instance, when the mister of the slave was
party in the rase ; and he was disposed to admit the propriety of •
restriction in that case ; but there war another important limitation
in the case of capital offences. For his part, he could see no reaaon
why slave evidence should not be admitted in cases of capital crimes
as well as in any other. He would now proceed to the notations
regarding the rrotector of slaves. That very important ofieerlelli
disqualified from holding slaves, property, or plantations, ft was'
true, but that disqualification was confined to the island of Trini.
dad, so that he might bold plantations and be the master oft
slaves elsewhere; nay, more, he might keep domestic slaves even in
Trinidad Itself. But those prejudices, from which the Protectors
of slaves ought to be completely guarded, were more likely to grow
domestic slaves' with whom there w•-

they could not maintain an action or suit io Equity for Its recovery.
A right was given them, but no means ofinforcing that right: they
were kept nut of Equity, the only place where retirees could be ob-
tained. (Laughter, and some Member on the Treasury Benches
expressed his dissent.) His lion. Friend said that they were not
kept out of Equity, but lie would convince him by reading the
clause to which he alluded. " Provided always, that nothing
herein contained may permit the benefit of alt action at law, or a
suit in equity." That was a nugatory, and ridiculous attempt to
confer the right of property ; such was the opinion at least of the
Governor of Jamaica, who termed it a Bill cf very trifling impor-
tance, enabling slaves to obtain legacies on pitying a small duty.
But lie understood that an Act had passed which ought to come
under the first of those heads—he alluded to the law passed with
respect to the establishment of new Churches in Jamaica • that
law had given the greatest satisfaction to the Right Rev. irelate

the Bishiip of Jamaica ; he (the Bishop) was so much pleased
with it. that he could not find adequate terms to express his ap.
probation. The Right Rev. Prelate stated, in his letters to Lord
Bathurst, that lie had the highest satisfaction in assuring his
Lordship that the same laudable spirit continued to actuate
the people of the island. (Here the Hon. Member begged leave to
apologize for the necessity he was under of tending so much. lie
should be obliged to read many extracts in the course of his state.
meat, and tt any Hon. Gentleman doubted his own patience to
listen, he ought to absent himself at once.) (Laughter.) The
Right Rev. Bishop of Jamaica stated that meetings were frequently
held, and that the people came forward generally and cheerfully to
subscribe, as far as their means would permit. For what ? Was it
for the religious and moral improvement of the slaves ? No; but
to promote measures for the benefit of the Church. Meetings were
called, and subscriptions were entered Into, for the benefit of the
Church--a most desirable object, certainly. (Laughter.) But
the Right Rev. Prelate thought, that in the present condition of the
slaves, and in the present state of public opinion, they were only
capable of receiving oral instruction. What would he have thought
of teaching them to read? No, they ought only to receive oral
instruction. The Bishop did not approve of the direct mode of in.
atruction; he thought that churches ought to be built first, and
that schools should follow in the train of churches. But if there
had been any obstacle to the system of direct instruction in public
opinion, the example of the Bishop might have done much to over.
come it. He might have began at the right end, instead of laying
'it down as a principle that churches were first to be built, then con-
gregations were to be assembled and the word preached, and from
the word would proceed instruction. He entered his protest
against the opinion of the Lord Bishop. The Legislature of
I Jamaica had left every thing undone, and he saw no grounds of
hope from that quarter. A Bill had been introduced in the
Assembly of that Island by a gentleman of culthated mind and
excellent principles, the object of which was to enable slaves to
give evidence in certain cases ; that Bill, he believed, was in sub-
stance the same as the Order in Council which bad been since
issued by his Majesty's Government; but that Bill was rejected
by the unanimous voice of the Assembly, and nothing could
exceed the violence with which his (Mr. Brougham's) stales.
menu were received on that occasion, or the vituperation whisk
bad been cast upon hint, as if he had willingly deceived, ,1
se as if he had lent his ears to persons capable of willfully
deceiving, the Government and the people; but if he had been de.
wed, he wu not aloe., he hail been deeeired in good company.
He meant that the Secretary Of State for the Colonial Department
(Lord Bathurst) had been led into a similar way of thinking. That
Noble Lord said In one of his letters, that it wu with equal suf.
arise and regret that he found that the only measure which could
eteurion good had been rejected by every ohe except the person by
whom the Bill was introduced. A similar measure was prepared in
Abet/lonia) Aseetably in November last; it was prepared with the
t scrupulous care, arid with the greatest attention to local pre.
Adieu, but when brought forward in December it was rejected by
&majority of two to one, and even in that stage in which it was re.
jpetal, many voted for it for the sake of having it discussed, who
Stare determined to oppose its passiag into a law. But yet the ad.
mission of slave evidence was very much qualified in that measure;
the sieve's testimony could not have bee* admit.ed without
his producing a certificate in writing of Ids character and
conduct, and also a certificate from the Rector of the Pa-
rish, or officiating Minister, stating that the slave had been
examined and found able to comprehend the obligation of an oath.
But this was not the same condiuor as that which was propelled by
the Trinidad Order in Council. There was a most important dis-
tinction between them. In the latter, the certificate might be
signed by any Christian mioister of religion, while in the measure
proposed in the Assembly of Jamaica, the signature required was
that of the minister of the Estatlithed Church. It almost eon.
soled him for the rejection of that measure that the slave was
obliged to have the certificate of his owner and his master; so that
unless the master chose to make the slave a competent witness
against himeelf, he might withhold tke certificate. That con-
dition at once rendered the whole measure nugatory. But al-
though the proposed measure of admitting slaves evidence was so
attenuated, frustrated, and nullified, he might say; yet. even
with all these qualifications, it was rejected the majoilly

Learned Gentleman then proceeded to draw various comparie,
between the old and new Acts, in support of his general propoleti:
as regarded the Island of Barhadoes, and concluded his observeti,Z
on that island, by reading the opinion of its Legislative Airsernie'
which stated that neither threats nor power should Mite them
put an end to their political and natural existence hT furthee
cessions ; and that was the conduct and language of persons „i;;
were only called upon to adopt nreasores recommended by ';over,
ment, and which hail been recommended by the Legisliume. The
lion. and Learned Gentleman said he would now proceed la the
Bahamas, in which islands the House would Mid that nethit
whatever had been done as referred to the amelioration ref [he 44
The first .question was that of religious instruilivn, and
il he„
again he had to refer to the clauses of the tferent Acts. He ell;
sorry to trouble the House, but he would state why he did so,
why it was necessary to go through the investigation by comp.,

from Alasnah
It certainly was not om pleasure, or becanoe the subject w intson,
eating that he went through such a masa of details t but what wad
the question ? It wan whether the Went India Legisistoe..44
done somthing, and how was th at to be scertained They
they hade done ooniething ; but lie (Mra. Brougham) said ,L•
nothing had been done, or next to it, and therefore he must pioeeed
with the subject in the waq he had begun, however tedious t mid,
be. But it' any Honourable Gentleman concreted with the Were
India islands would get up and admit his (Mr. Brougham's)
"coition, then he would cease from the line of conduct hz wee
"'eer
suing. It appeared that an Act panted on the Alt Jata•
1824. regulating masters, owners, and overseers, to eeireelitY.:
children to be instructed In the church religion, and that the;
should have tnem baptined as soon as they were itnoe,
with a knowledge of the Deity. Now that wan copie4
an Act of 1798, with only a slight difference in the preste,biel
It was the same totatem rerble with that of 1798. The Kara '
Commons had paned certain resolutions In 1823, on the subject:
the amelioration of the slave population t and if it wee hand ts„
.the enactments which had taken place in consequence Were
**
copies of sections of former Acta, then he world say that nottlit.:
had been done. Then with respect to ma-umiooion. And here
was compelled to refer to the original documen's of the period,.
-which he alluded, in order that he might hive eliapter and eerier;
what he advanced. It there appeared that there had been a ply;
for the repeal of the tax on manumisoion; and it was said a
answer that no tax or fees were imposed on masminissioa,
that in the year 1822 there was no tax on manunosion ; andye
in 1824 the House were mid to look to that clause in the Act why
granted the manumission tree of tax, in order to prove that Kee.,
thing had been done ; when it appeared from the former kernel
'that they bad been previowsly repealed; and this document kid
been one of those put into the hands of Right Hon. Gentlemrn. op.
polite. in order to show the attention the Assembly paid to the vats
of Parliament. With respect to the regulation of punishment,
as to confining it to 39 stripes, that was the same ae in 1794, rte
only additional regulation being that female Mayes above twelve
years of age were to be punished only in private, wit
a penalty of ten pound.. In respect to the other enactment,
llonoursble Gentlemen would find that what had been done niece
the year 1823 referred to sections to be found in former Aets,
In the Island of Tobago it was said Sunday markets had bets
abolished, and he (Mr. Brougham) was bound to admit that they
had. But in Jamaica they had only been abolished after to
o'clock in the morning, while in other idards they had been psi.
tially so or still existed, while it was in Tobago only that they bad
been totally done away with. At the same time an act of injustice
was done, unless the ;lave was allowed to make up the time which
he thus lost. It' his Sunday was taken from him for the purpose
of religious instruction and edtication, and only ten days leered.
Mowed for that purpose, there would be a low of forty-two days,
which were necessary to be made up to him for the cultiratim of
his garden, and to attend to his domestic concerns. Thee with re.
speet to the murder of a free person, the testimony of two data
wart to be admitted to that of one white, and yet they were told derwas the utmostthe House was to expect in obedience to the malt.
tions to which it had come. The Right Honourable Gentian*
theu read the resolution come to by the Legislative Assembly, tr
cider to show the temper with which the islands received tie
suggestions of that Hosea ; they Mated what he (Mr. Brougher)
hail read, that it was their positive determination not to `ropy
I further, and that no consideration would induce them toiTittli
away their rights and property. Therefore, the utmost that bad
been done by that Legislature, as regarded the Order cf Loutel
which had been sent out to Trinidad, was to adopt that pan of it
which related :o the ease of evidence. In Dominica, St. Vineetk
and Grenada, he would show that nothing had been note
in any of thym. He would go first on to the clause Mini
related to evidence ; then to the one which regulated peal
aunts; and heady to that which respected the eight of plopetty,
It had been said, that what had been done towards the admiatat
of sieve evidence had been effected on the principle of the Trait
dad order • but he would be able to show that nothing had bees
done according to that order. I n Trinidad evidence of slaves hid
indeed been allowed, but not in a way to answer any really oda.
tart' purpose. He had heard that much had been done teams
• the condition of the *levee in those ' --

• Ci 6 Up and peTSte among paves, a WIN &
intone frequent and closer contact. Besides, that limitation respect.
ng stave property was confined to the prinCipal Protectors, and did
not affect the subordinate officers, who, however, were far mon
important there, as well oseverywhere else, from their more fee.
quent collision with the Wve populatiott; therefore he was not
surprised at the great anxiety with which his Honourable
Friend, the Member for Norwich (Mr. William Smith),
. . . .
and

-se quasi...—. ._, bP
above stated, and with the important circumstance, that some who
voted for it, when rejected, would have voted against it in its last
stage. But what was the account which the Duke of Allanehetter
gave of the affair? A Bill, he said, had been brought in, and
altluusgh it only applied to murder, treason, and maim; and was
guarded in the opinions of the most r....peritnced persons there by
restrictions which rendered it perfectly tiles•, the clamoun
• of.:doore • could r,

lloraie
.1111(41 la. - islands. He bad bend
fire lion. Friend opposite (Mr. W. Horton) state, that driving tad
been abolished in the island of St. Vincent. W ,th reward, how.
ever, to the admission of slave evidence, there were six &Erma
sections between the Order of Trinidad and the Act of As.
sembly, which regulated that evidence. By that Act slave
evidence was admitted in cases of murder, or on a chute
of a transportable offence; but before that evidence could to
allowed, ;- neeetPtiaty.
- owner

hatenla
'-. ' eel those measures eatommended by Government, ..._ . out ----, against it were col great hat the measure et,... not ---,seas it ins .
' y adopted inDemertou, mid which appeared to him, la for the . tee to ars use
Mew •
be marled Into effect. (Hear, hear, hear, frog the igipisterial a clergyman, or the o..neeof the slave, be** hocinald he examined,
th ' present state, te be of the greatest importance. With respect, bencibes.), He (Mr. Brougham) fen exceedingly`for the sittietion of which consequently took away the privilege 6e. sk slave in the
:ird
to the abolition of Ihnnalsy markets, it had been talked of prospect. thole nee .“; he knew that harsh measures did not wo ,t. Mins ease, as effectually as it had been done at Jaesakist Nom um his en.
ttvely, as if the intention were to advance by plow changes, and than . 'they* were too enlightened to entertain suck filistoelgers t dente was unavailable without &certificatory's'', die dergyman 'Anis
finally to put down those markets altogether. At present they were they felt as we did, but were placed among persons whose clamours knowledge of the nature of an oath, and from his owner one of good
limited to certain hours; but that appeared a very imperfect mea. frustratrd-thelr measures; they were set in a community where they character; then lives necessary that two slavessshould be temples&
sure. When staves had not grown up in religious habits, and when were bereft of power to do as their better light would lead them, apart as to the facts of the case, and that their statements Apish le
the market was at a considerable distance of ten or twelve miles, the It appeared from the despatch of the Duke of Manchester, that a re. perfectly consistent the one with the other ; and seen under dm
going to market, executing business, and loitering there, would solution had passed the Legislature at the end of 1824, which re. regulations that evidence was not adntissible where a white was
consume the whole day. Ahhorgh slaves were not compelled to saved that sectarianism should be banished, and that it would be concerned, but in case of murder, or where he was charged whits
work on the Sabbath, yet they hat. no compensation if they abstained impossible to advance one iota unless such was the case, which transportable offence; but never against his owner, nor against is
00 that day from voluntary labour iif they did not work their own was the more necessary in order to restore order among the Misc. attorney or manager of the estate, unless he was tried for a true.
vision grounds they had noillward. The regulations, therefore, Wry slaves, and to a deluded population. Those hostilities to sec. portable offence. Such admission of slave evidence was not then in
keeping the Sabbath, were very imperfect, because there was no tananism reminded him particularly of what had taken plate at the spirit of the Trinidad Order, as had been stated, but was h
uceinent to abstain from voluntary labour on that day. The Jamaica. If the House would take the trouble to look to the do. fact frustrated and rendered nugatory, as not being extended to
tion of families also had been prohibited, but only in one catments, they would there see the adulation that had been paid, not those eases which could be of the greatest importance—the sties.
Ace, which was the case of compulsory sale. But he would rather, only by the vestry, not only by the Council, to the Bishop on his sr. lion of that evidence against the owner of the slaves. In the 2ad
If be had his cnoice, prohibit separation by voluntary sale, and aL rival, but by every parish who were overwhelmed by their respect for section, page 83, it was stated that driving was put down. It ap.
L* the restraints on compulsory sales to follow as an after measure. the Right Rev. Prelate. Did he (Mr. B.) believe that such was really Peered that no elave driver was to use a cart whip as a badge aids
11 The prevention of voluntary separation would have tended MOM the facts No ! But he knew what It meant—that in their zeal for dike; no other instrument was prohibited but the cart whip, and
directly to raise the sentiments and to ameliorate the condition of the Bishop and the ecciesiastkal hierarchy, they hoped to carry the under that regulation no one could be punished for the use of any
the slaves. He could not see why the prohibition should not he point they had in view, which was to get rid of the sectarian teachers other instrument but that whip. This, however, only referred to
extended to all sales. His last objection to the Order In CouncU in all the islands. It was not only his own opinion, but that of those the Grenada and Dominica Acts; the cart whip was prohibited,
was to the penalty imposed on the slaves if they made an unfounded who best knew the real state of the West Indies, that if they but nevertheless a substitute was found, for the use of a rat, each
accusation. lie regretted that the more, because it had been wished to enlighten the negroes, it could only be hoped to be as was commonly used in the British army was allowed, but
adopted accordingly under the sanction of Government. It* a slave done by encouraging sectarian teachers. The slave population the cart whip was excepted. Be would now show what bad
charged his master with an illegal punishment, and could subsoils. of three islands had had the greatest good conferred upon them been done with respect to slave evidence, which was sib
datellis charge, a penalty of 10!. was imposed on the master; Metby the Methodist mbusionaries, which was well known to many !pitted if cilia slave had been baptised ; and when two slaves
it the slave made a groundless charge, and the magistrate certified Members of that House. Next to Jamaica, he conceived the bad been separately examined without exhibiting any incoesituecy
le, the slave was then handed back to his mscter, who might then place where nothing, or what he mast consider worse than or discrepancy In their evidence, but as it was not admitted quoit
punish him with twenty-five hikes. Such a modei of proceeding nothing, had been done, was Barbadoes. That colony possessed a the owner of the slave, which was essentially necessary for the urn.
illsinconsistent with the true spirit of legislation. He objected, in Population of 80,000 slaves, and it appeared from the first paper prevenient of his condition, that admission, so respected. was fa.
0s first place, to a summary punishment. Why should not the which had been presented to that House, in obedience to Its order, tile and useless ; those exceptions militated against the interest
epestrods of the charge preferred by the slave be judicially inquired that in the first nine columns of that return, as regarded the ame. and security of the slave ; such admission of evidence could tifect
bee? But even if the expediency of a summary punishment were lioration of the slave condition, there was a return of nil. He no good ; it wasvagUe and useless ; he would say it was duty.
admitted, why was the slave sent back to his master at the moment was however a little surprised to find that there had lately been an. tious, for nothing had been done by the Legislative Assemblift of
0 Irritation? sent back to him, too, at the moment when his feel. other return presented to the House, in order to induce an opinion those Islands, and nothing was intended to be done; armed those
bp were most excited. The master was thus constituted at ones that something had been done. He could only suppose that this exceptions could be traced as far back se a hundred years; Mewed
executioner and judge. lie was exectuioner, for he was empowered supplement had been presented in consequence of somc lion. Gen. therefore, of doing anything for the improvement of the slaves,
to inflict punishment ; and he was judge, for he could fix the mea. tlenian opposite having found that there were nine ails in the first re. they had gone back. If he did not go further into details, it ass
sure of punishment—confined Indeed within the maximum of 26 Poet ; but whether that WILD or was not the case, if the House would not from any difficulty be had in doing. so. He had all the old
haat, which he could not noted. Such were his objections to take the trouble of looking into the document, be feared they would Atts--lie had compared them with the new ; and from that mu.
the Order Ili Council, which were as nothing conmared to the not find that much had been done—he wished he could say that parison he was justified in saying that they had not advanced a
per which would be requisite to rectify all the inherent errors there had. In December, 1825, an Act'had passed the Legisla. single step in promoting the improvement of the slave. Se
▪ glaring abuses of the slave system. He would now consider save Assembly, which contained a great many provisions on which did not think it necessary to go into further details, but if any
else application of those Orders in Council. The Court of Policy they founded their claim to having done something ; but he Hon. Gentleman would polntout a section in those Acts whew soy
Demerara had adopted some of the regulations, omitting others. doubted if, on examination, they would be entitled to the credit thing had been done, he would shew that it had proceeded from the
Demerara
had partially admitted slave evidence, and were followed in which they claimed. According to the Act of 1825, under threats which were held out by this country. But if they were, for
respect by six other colonies. But that most important mea. the head of " Manumissiont" the column was filled up with a the one-hundredth time, sent out to those Legislative Assemblies
emre winch had been introduced at Trinidad—important to that eat number of names, and then the Act said, if any slave should in the expectation that they would do any thing, they should be
agony itself, and still more important as it had been sanctioned by discover and give information of any insurrection or rebellion, or of prepared for a new and a fresh disappointment. The Assemblies
adopuon...he alluded to compulsory manumission—Abet important wilful spoliation of property, that he should be appraised, and the of Grenada and Dominica, and St. Vincent, had passed Acts which
inensare he was sorry to say, had been entirely omitted, with some price paid to the master, and the slave be made free, and alio that were only semi:dances of the Order of Trinidad' they had, in feet.
ethers 01 Importance, in Demerara s and in five other colonies no. he should be allowed 101„corrency as a pension ; but if he preferred done nothings they had not admitted slave evidence in any case
ding bad been dose. He understood that there was a Mires. remaining with his master—a circumstance which was, in his (Mr. which could be really advantageous to them. By bringing forward
orrudence between Government and the colonies, on the subject of Btoughanes) opinion, very unlikely..—then he was to have a pen. lila motion he had given an opportunity to the House and to the
sham measures, but it had not transpired that anything was done, sion of 261. by way of compensation. Now upon reference to an country, which felt a deep interest in the question, of letting it Dr
Ne law, regulation, or ordinance, had been made up to this mo. Act of the same Assembly, dated in 1688, there was precisely the known what were the sentiments of both on the conduct of those
giant by the colonial legislatures, in pursuance of the desire of the same provision, the only difference being that the sum he should Assemblies. If the House would persevere, they would Ore flaw
House. He had no doubt that something was in course to be done, receive was 40e. There was only another clause, which declared Assemblies to understand that that House had come to a resolution
eikg be had no wish to throw any blame on his Majesty's Govern. that every slave who, in the time of invasion, should behave him. that improvement [detail be effected. it was evident that we
sifint—but the fact was that there was nothing effected. But there self with courage in battle, and that should kill one or more of the stimulus was necessary to induce those Assemblies to do their
wore thirteren colonies, possessing lotsai legislatures, and to which enemy, if the Government should think fit, should be declared duty. Lord Bathurst, In his despatch, which might be considered
visited to call the attention of the House. When the Right Hon. free. He (Mr. Brougham) should have supposed that the Govern. a circular, said, addressing himself to those Assemblies, if they
baetary for Foreign Affairs, at an earlier period of the Session, meet would have possessed that power without the enactment, but omitted to perform their duty—if again they broke their promee.
Vas making his statement with respect to those colonies, he (Mr. B.) however that might be, even the law In question was rot new, for he could not answer for what Ithe Parliament of England might
talwaret to ask him what were the changes which had actually taken in 1707 the Legislature of the same island passed a law of a similar resolve upon in the course of the next year. In consequence of tbst
.olewe—not what were contemplated. With respect to compulsory description. But there was one alteration in the law enacted lately, circular, for so it might be called, the Governors of the Jiff"'
honumbision, nothing had been done in five or sir of the Colonies, which it wise necessary to notice, and it was only by going into Islands excited those Assemblies to do their duty, and to act upon
Ni
could they be justified even by their own statements, drawn up, that comparison, which he feared was tedious to the House, that the principle of the °nice of Trinidad ; and nevertheiros,with that
bithey were, with the utmost stretch of partiality for themselves; they could see how the case really stood as to the merit threat of Lord Bathurst before their eyes, or, if it sounded beets,
lathing had been done, he would repeat, to mar!r into effeet the claimed by thelegisistive bodies for their late enactments. It differ.' with that warning before them, they had done nothing. After
declared wishes of Parliament and the country. lie would beam eelfrprn the Act of 1707, not only as regarded the circumstioice of whits Lord Bathurst had addressed to those Aseeniblies, he,
with six, in which there was not even a 'shadow of pretence that declaring that the chive should be free if he displayed courage would cola, would that House suffer the present Session'
dity bad obeyed,—these were Antigua, Bermuda, alotneermt, Ne. in battle with the enemy; but there was in addition, and to which Parliament to pass without coming to souls resolution at
ads, St. Kitts, and Tortola. These islands were all comprised in he particularly called the attention of the House, which was, the subject ? If they did they nisght . expect the A,
._mo „tomb,
bis governments& the Leeward Islands, and contained a population that, in addition to killing the enemy, the words "or rebels" were of Jamaica to say, " Well, the Parliament of Ergu has
if 81,000 slaves. To prove that nothing was done in those colonies, added ; so that encouragement was held out to kill rebels and in. met ; we have not thought proper to do any thing to unPM," "'e.
he would refer to the correspondence, particularly to the letter from surrectioniste, while the original law had only gone to insurrection condition of the slaves, yet that Parliament has not interteron• It
the Governor of St. Kitts, in folio 69 • there Governor Maxwell and killing in battle. Ile would not weary the House with going hatdune nothing, and Lord Bathurst has addressed to or 2 vague
said that on an important subject regarding the slave population, he through all the enactments, but he would pledge himself, that of and useless threat." The meaning of Lord liathurs's despatch
felt considerable regret in stating that no progress had been made any Gentleman would look into them, and would see any change of was, that if those Assemblies did not do their duty Parliament
towards meeting the wishes of Government ; such was the conduct the law by recent enactments, that he would find the same in would do theirs. It would be,•in his opinion, a chimerical hope, that
of the Legislature in the email ;elands.. He would next come to the laws of 1707, 1788, 1749, 1767, and even as far back those persons, throwing off the shackles of early imptesswes and
Jamaica, which contained a large body of whites as well as slaves, as 1696. There war an Important change in one respect of the the prejudices of education, would do that which was expected by
and in which every circumstance of the colony tended to render law of 1825,which went to say, that if any slavesshould be guilty of this country. He (Mr. B.) expected that the resolution which
compliance more easy. Looking then to the first return, he could quarreling and fighting with one another, or of swearing, or cock- he Intended to move would not only be carried by a majority. but
I justly say that nothing had been done; of the 9 colonies included in lighting--and here the enactment tallied with that of 1719—but he anticipated, from the resolutions which were agreed to in Slay,
that return, five 'emended), blank. The returns under each head would show the House the change had taken place to, or of riding 1823, that it would receive the onaninsouto appmbation of the
were nil ; under the heads of marriage, voluntary and compulsory faster than a walk up hill or down bill, or of negligence in the driv. House. The resolution which he had to propose for the Wooten
separation, and the regulation of punishment, there was nothing ing of cart, waggon, or chaise. Now he (Mr. B) had compared of the House was, " That that House had seen. with the earnest
returned as done. But in three of them something had been done ; the Act of the 9th of August, 1749, with that of December, 1823, regret, that nothing had been done by the Legislative Assemblies el
with respect to religious instruction, a law had been made to Pre- and the improvement which had been made, and for which the As- the West India Islands to carry into effect the Orders in Council,
vent slave. being levied to work on Saturdays ; but the House sembly claimed credit, was the addition of those trifling offences of and the resolution agreed to by that House on the 13th of May.
might perceive that a law to prevent the levying of slaves on Satur. riding faster •-thane a walk, lice., which were to subject the slave 1823, touching the slave trade • and that that House would, early
day had no tendency to promote the obeervance of the Christian to a punishment of not less than 39 stripes. The next alteration in next Sessioo,kake the conduct of those Assemblies into con-
Sabbath ;it did-not prevent the violation of that Sabbath by To. was that of two Jurists instead of one, which wasa most important sideration." His object in moving that resolution was became
ntter, labour, or by going tomarket. As to the right of property, one irithe case of murder, for according to the old law it related to they bad advanced to too late a period of the Session for him to
slaves were allowed indeed to have a right to personal property, any free person ; but in the legislative enactment of last year, it expect that anything effectual could be doue in the present Session ;
and they were made capable of receiving legacies and bequests; but was made to extend to any white person, which would amount to he did not, however, expect that it would produce any beneficial
at the same time if the executors refused to pay them such legacy, misprision of treason to the whites in those parts. The Hon. and effect; the experiment might, notwithstanding, be once more tried,
