WEST INDIA SLAVERY.

The annual general meeting of the Edinburgh Society for the
mitigation and ultimate abolition of Negro Maven was held on
Wednesday last, when a petition to the House of Commons was
weed to, requesting them to resume the consideration of the im-
portant question of the mitigation of slavery, avid to take such tar-
thee steps as may seem to them expedient foe carrying their untini.
MOUS resolutions of last Session into effect : via.—" To adopt effec-
tual and decisive measures for meliorating the condition of the
Olive population in his Majesty's colonies. and thus preparing them
for a participation in those civil rights and privileges which are en-
joyed by other classes of his Majesty's subjects." At this meeting
,1
!Ir. Campbell read a letter from the Secretary of the London So-
oay, stating that " the sentiments of Ministers are not known,"
but adding, that " no disposition to withdraw is evinced, vine is ex-
pected, if they are supported by the people, joining theft King'
temperately in the great cause."
The inhabitants of Barnard-castle have drawn up a petition to
Parliament, on the subject of Negro Slavery, which is now lying
to the Town-hall fur signatures.—Durham Paper.
The Glasgow Society for promoting the gradual abolition of
Slavery have published a declaration of their sentiments on the
!tuition of the West Indian Slavery, which concludes in these
terms:—" We treat the force which is now seat out, will establish
and maintain the reign of law and good government among all par-
tisp. : That under its protection the plans of Amelioration *ill pro-
ceed in their peaceful and silent operation : That we shall bear no
longer of insurrection on the one hand, nor of the language of me-
once to the Government of this country on the other : That men
of every class will unite in giving effect to the plans proposed by
their superiors for the general good: That under their influence,
the character and manners of time enslaved population sill undergo
a happy change, and rise in something of the purity and elevation
of a Christian people. That free labourers of every kind and co-
lone, shall, in the progress of yea's', be found increasing in num-
ber, as in value, till at last every remnant of slavery shall the
away, and the blessings of liberty, religion, industry, peon. and
Nam: security be diffused throughout every quarter of the Ittitish
empire."
On Thursday last, a large and highly respectable meeting of the
inhabitaata of Tewkesbury, convened by the Worshipful the Bid-
lies, was held at the Town-hall in that borough, for the purpose of
taking into saarlderadon the propriety of petitioning Parliament
for the amelioration of the condition of the slaves in the British
West Indian Colonies. In few places has the abolition of slavery
mat with more cordial or decided support; and the interest dis-
played on this occasion was truly gratifying. The origin, influence.
sold te.idency of the system, were examined at length, and urged
with considerable sinquasee and skill. The petition was conceived
interim at one* nicupnate and 'firm, and was ultimately carried
with only duos diwtoosiont 'tortes.—Glawester Journal.
