PROCLAMATION.

Don Pedro Caro y Xiireila, &e.
,Marquis de la
Rfoinaisa, Lieutetiatit-tielter4l of the Royal Armies,
and tieiseral-tie•Chief of ti.,t of the opereuous,
Since the whole nation has gloriously commenced,
engaged and bound itself bn a Solemn oath, to de-
fend the just and lawful rights of our beloved
Ring. Ferdinand Vit. ter reveisge the perfidy of the
utast hateful enemies the world ever knew, the
outrages which they have committed, and are com-
mitting against our sacred religiose, the blood of
our brothers., shed with impunity in Madrid on the
t Table yd of May. and to deliver the couutry
tout the vile slavery to which they endeavour to
!reduce it ' • it is lieuce a matter of absolute necessity
'OA all good Spaniards, and liartii.tilerly those as-
totted in the armies, should unite all their exertions
So acco,nplish such sacred objects. The shameful
disorder wish which ti e Army of the Left has res
tired front EA:pillow. to this city, the multitude of
chiefs and of officers', who have abandoned their
t end the companies which honourably per.
foraterLtheir duty. forgetting dr.:obligations winch
their oath impo.eil upon then, to the very great
prejudice of tile 11Iejesty's service, that of the
country, and their owls honour ; the robberies
and disorders which many have authorised and
tolerated to their troops, to the irreparable
loss of good citizens who have assisted us ; and.
finally, die feebleness wills which discipline and
subordination have been niaintaiiied, imperiously
• stiles me to ordain and commend, under the insist
signal pains, a” follow.
I. That all Chiefs anJ ()dims who are actually separated
trust their corps, without just and le:two:tic • ;m.0., MA
with the pernii,tun of tl c General elm isormatooled this
army, or shoe, sad dessi't presest lb. uixlycs witbeu PM'S.
teen dues after the pablic.itiuts of this, shall be suspended
from their employer/eats in the army.
That those also appear at the.: colours, wttliin a period
of eight .tats after this l'irsclasratioit, 'heti be replaced ; but
without be enju) mut of pay nr rations, for are month.
111. That those who do nut tipper Unions the 5. ten ahnve-
lased, beeunsidued as reeling, and the Culuisels sod Ono.
as indoors Mall draw up a list, directed to their rospecoive
Im ture-tieuerod, and making we acquainted with it, Inge-
ther with the sans• of thine who came the vacatm ics, that
as securest of the muse may be gives to His Majesty, and, in
• Royal name, to the Sorrow Central Just..
IV. If, vou:rars to that which I ought to hope tithe spi-
rit soul honour of tier (Wirers of this army, there should be
any um. .1,0, when in action with the enemy, or abaft to
elite: lige artists, shall go from his punt, abandoains: the
tr ups whit!. he wirausauds, though it may he • oder pr. te.,i
wt isstirpo.stiwa, t not, however, belts( wasieled, he shall In
publicly degraded, awl sentenced to coofirsertsent for a year,
without nth. r pay than tour vials a day, and shell theme-
f ree.okesd tusk fur holding any employment under
lee kin, act :say puNic erniplostseat.
V. The trith,r who overlooks the slightest &heir's" in
respect and sabsodivatien; he who promotes permits, or
tuterntes comervatouss whale slay teed to 1:04:4 the epitome
of the troops •he "so fries out perish the cowardsel hue
enbabiesna esti. all the rigour rioted cut in the art of war,
shall be patiudied even ode tier test severity, if she cone.
resew. of hie desevor it
VI. Tile Officer who duet nut runstrattly nee the distinc-
tive mark of his respective esak,sheit suffer, fur the tr. 4
tiuse' one mu.stlie arreet,ro lb tom of be ration: foe the se-
condoestive he shall be dismissed the reesice.
VII. The Odieer who Inoue the village nor eiscaosporeot
*Rem he they be placed, file 4 Am eta hoer, without time psis
iii'veion of his • apetint., shall soiree • seutsdis arrest ; u he
belt sib rsiiht hw shall he dismemed.
VIIL ricci•-ossite and teepee& that are absent frren their
Cocos without prior.: cause, sit she act jots :hem nithics
three lan &florins th..s Peeetamaltims, . shall tie degrootrd
from thew wilt, ant stall mem eight years as iwkhers is
ell compuisee.
IN, "bey shalt Meer the mow penishiont, she promote,
issletalt. or see/look, the smallest waist sabnednistani,
metillfblass which my test morel the ordure of the !reel..,
41 rersolleasosiamery, or any mew eves. oat .to
not easy ta-
f arsallersoll is to their tramedwite Chief, 12 order that signal
4p•Wriree.ipp k nollotted an the th/amaitats.
7••=sowllurlilt. anellemess pelisses. who are
OlNtsrlsties, k at* dm corps *bark Attl.o4

~.
