AMERICAN PAPERS.

A file of the United States Papers to the 15th of Fe-
bruary arrived yesterday ; they contain little of Neutral in-
terest. The New York journa's of the 11th contain some
interesting documents on the subject of the naval peace
establishment of Atomic'. It is evident that the necessity
of increasing the navy is powerfully felt by the Gore'.
mcut. We copy the following observations from one of the
papers alluded to :
NAVAL PEACE ESTA RLISM ENT.
Much of our paper is this day occupied with the surer of the
President sod the report of the Secretary of the Navy, relative to
a naval peace establishment. Our readers will see in these papers,
as we think, the suggestions of sound and patriotic minds on a sub.
ject of deep national interest. It scents now to be universally con,
ceded, that a navy of some sort is an essential put of our system,
and tne main question therefore is, how this 'entice can be rm.
tiered most efficient, and at the same time most economical On
both these points the Views of the documents before ua appear to
have been well and deliberately weighed, and deserving of the ut.
most consideration. With respect to the first point, the efficiency of
the navy, the most important step recommended is, the creation of
new grades, to which, as to high prizes in the lottery, all may aspire;
and by means whereof the difficulties arising titan officers being sub-
ject to the orders of others of equal rank would be done sway. These
only who have had some little experience in such matters can accu-
rately judge of the derangement to any ger, ice on land or ma,
which seems inevitably, as it were, to wow where officers are placed
under the command of their equals. The cautious and reluctant
obedience which is yielded, the quibbling and captious spirit of
supposed equality which is constantly displayed, and the deternu.
nation of never going further than the meted letter of duty re.
quires, in fulfilling the commands of their co-equal chiefs, all tend
to destroy that harmony and concert of action, which are essertisl
to efficiency and discipline in peace as in war. From these cord.
derationa, and front others which are ably enforced in the report of
the Secretary, he recommends the creation of the new grades of
Commodore, Rear and Vice-Admiral.

As to the second point of economy, by the reduction of the num.
bee of navy yards and stations, and partietalsely of those on Lakes
Erie and Champlain, which can never be required Resin, by gee.
dusting the pay of officers when employed et on furlough, and by
other arrangements, of which the details will be found in the report,
a large and more effective force can henceforth be employed, thaa
that now existing at the same espense.

WEST' INDIAN ISLANDS.
•
(From the Heimoshire Teleorepk)
The following is an interesting extract from a letter written
by an intelligent young officer of one of his Nlajesty's ships
employed on the Leeward Islands station :
BARBADOES, JANUARY 10.
In our passage here we touched at the principal Islands. We
first went to Carthagena and Santa Martha, in the Republic of
Colombia; and, like all other places on this aide the continent of
America, it is dull, depopulated, and desola e. (tutu the long
struggle they have had fur their independence, but which is at last
accomplished. The last place the Spaniards had on the 'hole line
of coast (Porto Cabello) has jus: been taken by assault; but ibis
country is fir, very far, from being in a tranquil state. Noss the
common enemy is destroyed, it bids fair to be, like other provinces.
a prey to internal wan, to satiety the unprincipled ambidoo of
sonic of its leaders. From the former place we gave. elated
l/evereux a passage to St. Domingo; a man of no small notoriety,
who is retiring front the service of Colombia, with • pretty little
fortune. I never was more disappointed with a man who is so well
known, and spoken of in almost every country : be is, in my opi-
nion, far from be ng a man of universal knowledge a td intelligent.
From Carthagena we went to St. Domiugo, by tar the most in.
teresting, and of greater magnitude than any of the West ladies.
r tut, of course, recollect the horrors of revolution which were com-
mitted here during the reign of terror, through the shonotightedm-
licy of the execrated Robespierre. Cape Rayner, (the espied of
the island under the reign of the late Chrix.ophe) is the remains of s
moat beautiful city, of great extent : there are ruins of most superb
edifices and ;daces built of freestone brought from Bourdeaus,
which remain since that time in a state of dilapidation. Christi*,
the late King, I consider to be one of the great ones of our times :
he originally was a alive, and ran away front his owners, who Weft
planters at St. Christopher's; and, although he could neither reed
nor write, modelled the army and laws, erected building., founded
institutions and hospitals, and formed a weer,' of educating
throughout his territory on the Immasterian plan, and procured
clever men from England to assist him in all these projects : be
built a superb palace at the foot of • very steep and high moun-
tain, which exceeded almost everything in grandeur and riches
internally, the external appearance being ...y plain, and not good
architecture ; and, on the pinnacle of this mountain, he built ea
immense fort, 111.11Inting nearly MO picas of cannon, with barracks
for 10,000 men, hod magaziness of provisions for five years, which
were actually deposited, it being his intention, should the French
ever make a landing, to blow up the town, and retire, with his
forces, to this.wonderful structure t it certainly is the greatest wan.
der 0:- flue western world ; and this is only one instance of a great
many, of the astonishing natural powers of his mid. They say,
the labour and fatigue, under a tropical awn, was so excessive, Si
to cause the death of eight thousand of his subjects, who were em-
ployed in dragging the immense fragments of sane, cannon, /cc.
I dined with • Gentleman who was his Una Physician. and who at-
tended him in his lost moments; and he agreed with me, that had
his wonderful mind been enlightened by a liberal education, he
would have been one of the greatest nine that ever lived ; whereas
his reign was very much clouded by the most atrocious acts of
cruelty and oppression. Ile died about three years ago. Ilk had
been superintending the improvetnems of -a Church, with his head
uplifted for some minutes ; the blood rushed to his head, nod, oa
moving front his position, he fell down senseless, but, with timely
bleeding, he was slowly recovering. The populace thought this a
good opportunity to revolt, and rid themselves of the tyrant: they
rose, and sumundell his palace, with the intention of putting him,
his family, and attendants to death. Directly he heard of this,
lie ordered his horse, with the intention of heading his Giaards
which, had be in, xt much was he dreaded, his yell, ap-
pearance would have driven them away ; but in this he failed, be-
ing so much reduced that he could not mount. Ile then retired to
his chamber. took a pair of pistols, leaned age net his bed, and
discharged them both at his heart. The gentkorso I nientioved
before heard the report, and ran immediately into the room. a• he
suspected the thirst. the King having inquired, the day before.
which was the oast vital part to nave instantaneous death. With
hint ended the monarchy. Their government is formed from that
of the United Mates: Priori is their president, whom I had the
honour of waiting on. lie is a little black man very shrewd and
inquisitive, excessively polite ; indeed, the tertect Vrecchnian ; •
very humane, good matt, and, if any thing, is government is rot
mild for such a nation of slaves, who are now the possessors of large
property, which they once 616;1 as their oxen do now. It woos•
ly is the place fa tire cool nieditarion and reflection of the piste's°.
pher, to see the wonderful powers of nature—men who were born
in the oust abject state of slavery, now filling the situations of Se-
arteries of State. (lencrala, and all the ditfvrent posts of Doran.
mer t with the greatest etiquette.
It is, however. certainly molt* to a man of liberal principles.
to ase, as in moat inatances, the human species sold by public auc-
, den in the middle of the streets, and their different qualities shown
off and felts which I have actually seen in the streets of Kingston
(Jamaica); but, in my opinion, it is one of those things which an
necessary evils, for if they. were not obliged to work from 'hot
state of slavery, the proprietor would find it difficult to cultivate
his estate. 'l'hey are like the inhabitants of all very warm cli-
mates, naturally indolent and lazy ; and so little do they requite
is the shape of necessaries of lite, that the earnings of one day
would, In all probability, suffice them foe • week.

Tur Atouratxts.—We are sorry to announce that very
valnah;e captures have been made by Algerine cruisers.
The following is an extract of a letter, dated Messina, Fe-
bruary Is:—" The Melon, from Malta, in 24 hours, ar-
rived here on the iiiii ruing of the 15th. The Master n -
ports, that the Algerines had taken UV sail of vessels off and
about Sardinia ; orders bad been issued by, the Admiral at
Malta, Sir 11. B. Neale, that no British vessels should
quit the port without convoy. He had fixed the first for
the eastward for the 15th inst., and for the westward the
‘zoth. It is said there is a strong Alferine squadron in the
A rchipelago, someu here off Candia. '

WARRNIVIANA,
NOTES, CRITICAL AND EXPLANATORY.
EDITOR OF • QUARTERLY REVIEW.

of this ingenious jest d esprit has not only
t resources of humour, combined with a keen
wit, but he has manifested poetical talents of
order. It is not often that we meet with an
possessing such powers of imitation, and pre-
manner of each poet with such peculiar and
ity. It is the characteristic of real genius that
a subject out of anything, and that, be the
so homely, yet, when embodied in a fine and
,ination, it Lecomes full of attraction,anti is
ford the must exquisite delight. There is no
that, judging a priuri, we should have supposes'
to deal with than that of IVA aam. x's/dacking,
-.isle less likely to furnish food for the Muses than
the ill's of all kinds with which it has been forced into
notoriety. So it is, however, that these most unpromising
subjects—die blacking manufacturer and his eulogies—
have been made productive, in thiefrle fancy of this
writer, whoever he may be, of theh repast of parody
which his lively volume spreads before us. The style of
‘Vashington Irving, in prose, and of 11'slter Scott, n °rile-
worth, Southey, Lord Byron, Coleridge, and other names
of celebrity in song, are admirably bitcelebrated
tiohle author will be readily recog,nissd in the following ex-
tract from the (li/de's pilgrimage :
But hark, the hum of multitudes, the roar
Of carts and coachm, and the various' squalls
cries, that pierce the ear-drones 'truest core,
(lave roused the Childe's attention at Saint Paul's.
l'heapside to near Guildhall in thunder calls,
Guildhall replies, of tongs ooh justice proud;
Milk-street and Lothbury glad to join the brawls,
Have found a tongue, while Wood-street from her shroud
&bellows to Lad-lane, who calls to her aloud.
And in the midst, as leader of the band,
Stands the magnificent Saint Paul's;—he towers
Sublime to heaven, by winnowing breezes Named,
l'oknowii on lower earl ;—the rattling showers,
The storm, the whirlwind that in,vemigeanct lowers,
?Aim him unhaned s---he lift, his gtant brow,
As if in mockery of their poky powers,
Or rapt in clouds like conscious guilt is wee,
Soars from the vulgar he a mystery as now.
Something too much of this; but now 'tis past,
And Fleet-street spreads her busy vale below :
! proud ambitious gutters hurry past,
To rival Thames in full continuo:as flow ;
The Inner Temple claims attention now,
That I:olsitha of thick and thread-bare skulls,
Where modest merit Mita in chambers low,
And impudence his oar in triumph pulls
Along the stream of wealth, and snares its rich sea-gulls.
Hail to this shrine of barristers and brass!
Of wigs and wags., of kerning and of lead
Solomon's brazen temple—but alas!
With old king Log, king Solomon instead.
Ye gifted spirits or the legal dead,
Will time arise to grace degraded laws?
Vain hope, despite the lore of each g head,
Satan hath found their lives a moral Haw,
And on them, bailiff-like, bath laid his ebOn paw.
And thus the world is rife alone with fools,
Who dank in chains while fashion holds the noose;
Court, camp, and church,—what are they but the tools
Of sin, shame, slang, buffoonery, and abuse ?
Manus with man has made a lasting truce.
And hence our patriots puff,—our warriors bray,—
lience critics flood us with a muddy sluice
Of maudlin prose.--hence cant holds sovereign sway,
And sinless saints are spurted, while sainted sinners pray.
(her life is one tierce fever—death the leech
Who lulls each throb ; —the has been, and to be ;
The sole divine whose welcome aid can teach
The mysteries of a dread Intutity.—
Conte when he may, his advent will to me
lie spnng and sunshine, for my soul is dark,
And o'er the billows of life's shorties& sea,
A sea tmeheer'd by hope's celestial ark,
Cradled is storms and winds floats lone my little bark.
'rhos mused the Chalk, as thoughtful he drew near
Tile sacred shrine of Number Thirty, Strand,
And saw bright glittering in the hemisphere—
Like sant on moony nights—a sacred hand
tlf words that formed the bard's cognomen-grand
&eh letter shone beneath the eye of day,
And the proud sign.boot, by spring breezes fanned,
Shot its deep brass reflections o'er t! t way,
As shoots the tropic morn o'er meads of l'araguay.
" The Dream, a Psychological curiosity," is given with
a vivacity and truth of resemblance that lead the mind
immediately to the original. The subject is well sustained
throughout. It opens thus:—
Ten minutes to ten by Stint Dunstan's clock,
And the owl has awakened the crowing cock :

Pock•

If he crows at this rate in so thrilling a note,
Jess Maria! he'll catch a sore throat. •
Warren the manufacturer rich
'lath a spectral mastiff bitch ;
To it aint Dunstan's clock, the' silent enow,
She barketh hot chorus of how wow, wow :
Bow for the quarters, and WOW for the hour;
Nought cares she for the sun nr the shower ;
But when, like a ghost all.arrayed in its shroud,
The wheels of the thunder are muffled in cloud,
When the moon, sale chandelier of night,
Bathes the blessed earth in light,
As wizard to wizard, or witch to witch,
Ilowleth to heaven this mastiff bitch.
Buried in thought OlVarren lay,
Like a village aueen on the birth of May ;
Be listed the tact: of Saint Dunstan's cluck,
Of the mastiff bitch and the crowing cock ;
But louder, far louder, he listed a roar,
Loud as the billow that booms on the shore;
Bang, bang, with a pause between,
Rung the weird sound at his door, I ween.
Up front his couch he leaped in affright,
(lped his grey lattice and looked on the night,
Then put un his oust, and with harlequin bop
Stood like a phantom in midst of the shop;
In midst of his shop he stood like a sprite,
Till peering to left and peering to right,
Beside his counter, with tail in hand,
Ile saw a spirit of darkness stand ;
1 guess %was frightful there to see.
A lady so scantily clad as she
Ugly and old exceedingly.
The pugilistic contest between his Satanic Majesty and
" V.-arren, the pride of the Strand," is describetl in the
bight st Wain of technical humour. We cannot resist the
fa:lowing short quotation :
Bound the brow of A haaldom fierce anger played,
At the Strand manufacturer's gasconade ;
And idling a list that mote slaughter an ox,
lie wrathfully challenged his fuentan to box ;
Then suininoned each (Lennon to form a ring,
And witness his truculent triumphing.—
The ring was termed and the twain set to,
Like little Plies with Bells a the Jew.
Satan was seconded in a crack,
By Molaneux, the American black,
(Who sported an oath ass civil Salim),
While Warren was backed by the ghost of Dutch Som..—
Gentles, who fondly peruse these lays,
Wild as a colt o'er the moorland that strays,
itho thrill at each wondrous cede I tell,
As fancy roams o'et the floor of hell,
Nays list ye with kindness, the whiles I rehearse
In shapely pugilistic verse,
I.llbeit my fancy preferreth still
The quiet of nature,) this desperate 111 ill.
THE FIGLIT.
Both men on prelittg showed nerve and bone,
And weighed on an areragefoorktm stotts;
Duffed their silk fiwk, for battle agog,
Yeliviroaam, castor, and white upper tr!rr;
'then sparred for a second their ardour to cool,
And rushed at each other :the bull to bull.

11017NDS.
I. Was a smasher, for Rotumapm Bob'
Let fly a topper on Betl/daub's woo ;
Then followed him over the ring with ease,
And earGled him sip by a blow in the slime.
2. Satan was cautious in making play.
But stuck to his sparring and pummelled away ;
Till the veks of Warren looked peer in their hue,
(Here, bets upon Beelzebub; three to two.)
Fitildaes, and flyers, and toppers abound,
But Satan, it seem;, bath the worst of the round.
4. Satan was floored by a latter in the hip,
And the blood from his peepers went drip, drip, drip,
Like fat from • goose in the dripping pan,
Or ale from the brim of a flowing can ;
His bac of dominoes chattered e loud,
(Here, " Go it, Nick !" from an imp in the crowd,)
And he dropped with a Lartrushire pat r an his hack,
While Bob with a clincher feU over him, whack.
5. Both men piping came up to the scratch,
But Bob for Abaddon was more than a match ;
lle lapped his claret, his mug lie rent,
And made him an grozgy with Piihment.
That lie gladly gave in at the close of the round,
And Warren in triumph wan led from the ground.
The amatory effusions of the most exquisite of our lyric
1101 W parodied with the happiest effect. It refers buck

It is currently reproved at Carlton Howe. and the higher
arch* of fashion, that Robert IVerren, Eq. is a native of Ihr-
-oungium- "On this hint I spoke."

WITH NOTI
IT THE
The writer o
disPitYed. West
and ssatirical.
a wry high on
inaivutuai post
boring the
.m
striking Meta)
it can snake
material ever a
fervent bassi
made to onfir
substance that
snore stubborn,
or any article
