• Gods! hoer midge their Belgic sires °fold r

It is not from tlolland that we can hum. Nu,
efforts. Let as see whether the other Eurppis
states offer more Cheating ptospocts.

We bare endeavoured to shells, and, we fear,
that the conviction raulting from the facts shit;
we have stated. is too deeply impressed upon ief
readers, that no bops can be entertained of then.
suacitation of Europe by the efforts or energy st
she Deitch. That country, once i.npelled by a
generous a despair, seems now solely actuated by
the feelings of sordid, pecuniary interest, sod bei.t
duwu to the most tame, as well as opvrobrioas
slavery. There Sri however, or rather, perhaps, we
should say, there mar, a republic, of another cat
and character, from whence independence could
not be totally banished ; soil where, amidst tam,
and rocks, sod precipices, the sacra.] Are aim.
doin, still la arviving, might, at some auspiciooso
mew, burst out, and consume its invaders. Vie
allude to that country,

" IVhere the tittsuk Sli.iss t►eir stormy =anion fret.),
♦nd force • churlish soil for smut), breed."

Holland, a marshy, unwholeaorne, and tame te.
panse, gained out of the ocean, does not appea, is
be the natural soil and .cradle of liberty, who his
been aptly, and justly denominated, in all ages, a
" inquntain Nymph." But, on the hit;hrst 111101.
twits of the Alps, the glacims and fastnesses of
those desolate regions seemed to present an inac-
cessible asylum. Ihe nature of the inlirlatssts
was analogous, or assimilated, to the climate sad
the soil. Of them, it might be truly asserted,

" No prodott bore the banes ►ills afford,
but man and steel, :be moldier and ►is word.'

During successive centuries. the Switzer. had
been the scourge of tyrants. In the darkness of
the middle ages, when feudal tyranny, or snows-
nail violence, covered and oppreaaed Europe, these
simple and hardy mountaineers vanquished and ex-
pelled. after repressed victories, gained by inlcnoe
numbers, over disciplined armies, their original
Misters and Sovereigns, the Austrian Fruce•
The names of Gresler awl of Tell, like thou of
Marrlonius. and of Leintidus, in antiquity, awakin,
and will ever excite, recollections dear to hinnoi
nature. After thus emaucipeting themselves fate
the yoke of Austria, they wit less gloriously repelled
the French, who attempted, under Louis XI e to
reduce them anew to bondage. Fivally, when
Charles the Bold, Duke of Burgundy, undertook
to overwhelm them a ith the prodigious means of
every kind that he possessed, the memorable bottles
of Grandtoon mod of Montt. followed by that of
Nancy, confirmed their freedom, ou the ruin Reel
extinction of the Burgundian Line.
Who would have conceived, wise would have be-
lieved, that sue, a people, placed on such • Phi-
steal and moral eminence above the rest of mankind,
could have been, in our times, reduced to the lerLe
of the surrounding states ? Yet such is the LW.
The happy ignorance, rusticity, and noble pocerl
of the original mountaineers, insensibly gale 1",
under the attacks of refinement, luxury, and, un,ve
all, of the Imre of gain. The French Itevolimoo.
from 17149 to 1795, by bringing into SA it/Cr:ad /
number of fugitives, who brought with tlitm vli;ett
of every kind, appeared to the inhabitants. to ttr'
• new source of emolument arid wealth. Ihit,
't Directory," in 1797 and 1795, enteris'g
their forces the cantons of Been and Zurich, 5"•.'
carried their areas into tke smaller and inount.rinc,l
cantons. Tillie, they found indeed, a severe Ja..
determiued resistance. Esen opiroo.l

that roves?. slid felt by ti:e t‘tik ther

Ceuri
ilespc
kaewil
their

kook
'adore
end e
Fren4

two n
the C
other
zilleh

'miss
ryrol
;real

Pad 2
in re

lots 1
:hlin

he to
bis
to do

Intim
whist

iture

pew

of tl

kid
SAP

lICCS
°Pee
taa
tz pi

Am
of (
tioni

kite
pew
regis

it c

atte
ILA
al,,
phis
ut I

bigti
fic4
Em

ts
yeti
dole
Am
ban

Spa
of t
of 3

Jig!
late
It i

C4t
lllli
)111i, 1

grads. sons, and brothers, in the field. The ens•
est, nevertheless, was too tsproportionate, to be
g protracted; and Switzerland, before the con=
ninon of the eighteenth century, might be said to'
are fallen under the yoke of republican France. '
In that fallen state it still continues; and, we
ear, it must remain. The subtle and vigilant
'surper, who has converted France into a military
despotism, has even rivetted their fetters. He
knows their innate abhorrence of his tyranny, and
their ardent desire of emancipation. His own pub-
lications, and those even of the most rezent dates',
inform us, that the Switzers felt, participated with,
and even aided, the Tyrolese and the Spaniards.--
French troops have been marched, within these last
two months, as the French themselves avow, into
the Cantons of Zurich, Luccrn, Uri, Schmitz, and
others, in order to subdue their spirit, and to extin-
guish every sperk of resistance. In fact, if the
Swiss and Grison Leagues, which confine upon the
Tyrol, bad been• once joined by the Carniolans,
Croats, and Dalmatians, the whole chain of the
Rhaetian and Julian Alps, from Basle to Trieste

Zara, a space of 300 miles, might hive risen

revolt against their common despoiler. The
niter and the precautions of Bonaparte will, pro-

bly, prevent such an ebullition of despair. Yet
aors this able and judicious tyrant proportion his
chsttc., sod deal out his punishments, according to
the temper, disposition, character, and submission,
Obis subjects: fie dares not treat the Switzers as
he dors tlfe Dutch. The latter he plunders, revo-
lutionizes, or extinguishes, without eras the forms
which conceal, or temper, arbitrary power. Scarcely
Jots he seem to consider them as awn. But he has

THE BRITISH PRESS.

I.ON DON,
FRIDAY, JANUARY 12.

Calcutta papers, we understand, ha►e been re-
ceived, of serious dates, including The Oriental Star
of the 15th July. But they do not contain any is-
telligence respecting the disturbances in India.

The Directors of the East India Company yes.
bailee gave a grand dinner to the PRIMA it Au DAM
stmt. at the city of London Taimern ; no Which
occasion, Marquis 'Wect.itstitY made his maiden
speech as a Minister. From the specimen. WI way
aspect a large portion of oriental bombast, in the
ensuing Seisiou of Parliament.

.not
nut
cos.

heo
oak
I Of

be-
,b)-
Ind,

n 3 8
ct.
LIT?:

t yet ventured, whatever he may do at some fa-
tare time, on making a Kirsg of Switzerland. Even
in assuming , the supreme authority river them, he
does it by induction, not in name. Like Augustus,
be veils his imperial despotism under republican
titles. Bonaparte is only the Mediator of Switzerland.
We perceive even by the latest advice., or informa-
tion from that quarter of Europe, that he is unable,
without violence and menaces, to recruit his Swiss
regiments in the French service, now employed be-
yond the Pyrenees. We hail these symptoms of
freedom ender despair, faint and feeble am they are
They indicate that the five still exists nadir the
ashes. Whenever, or if ever, the nations of the
Continent rise against their Italian scourge and op-
pressor, we venture to believe, and to predict, that'
the Switzer' will act un mean or inferior part in that
g:orion. effort at emancipation.
(To k cookkeed.)

We this day continue our extracts from the
American Papers to the 16th last. They consist
ef copies of the Commercial ar.d other Resolu-
tions recently introduced into Congress, of which
we yesterday gave the substance, and also a
letter to Mr. iAiIL'ION, extracted front a Philadel-
phia Paper of the 9th. With a mixture of harsh
remarks upon Mr. CAN NI and Mr. isomer+,
it counting some wholes .me truths, that ment
attent,oe. We do not hear that the power of his
Iliiltucse the Poles is acknowledged, woe that he has
a lxg.te in that country ; yet, from the Philadel-
phia letter, it would appear that the rupture
rd his correspondence with Mr. SMITH was the
signai fir seeding all the thunders of the VW..
th:43 a{uhett the bead of the devoted Briti,li
Leroy. Ile appears to be excommunicated, to use
a vulgar phrase. bell, book, and candlelight. Ilc
el Ant out from all sociecy, not as if he had the
Tallow fever, bat as if he had the plague; and it is
doubtful whether, if he were to die, the etwated
American Government would allow him Christian
bums!. We deprecated, from the beginning, the
spirit of irritation that Characterised the condort
of the American Negociation, under the inspires
of Mr. CA NM ima:and lament, for the sake of Aloe-
'
,•cs, as well as for our own. to see it throw aside all
dignity and decorum, and suffer itself to be hurried
into the excesses of an infuriate and desperate mob.
It was quite ridiculous and soperetious, unless
!new as a mark of insult, to introduve a Bull
t) wad away offending Foreign Ministers out of
the country. England, as in the case of Monsieur
Castvetta, kis scut away offensive Foreign
without an Act of Parlsaihent ; and the
knericso Government, which, in all its etrnstit"
"t points, is formed upou the British model,
already possessed that power.

'k The Won Louden NliWin will wised', on the
15'13 omit- fium Loysints to Greenwich, to reniam
l'e F,r tilt! en-ionic hall year. On the Isnie day
e List I,sndon Militia will come into tliett uty
larteie at BaslU-low.

t»z,.
- 4
. , lip
