HOUSE OF COMMONS, MosnAv, FEB. 20.

A new Member, whmie name did not reach the gallery, appeared
at the table, and took the nathm.

Mr. liutChinson, from the Bank of England, presented nn Ac-
count of the Balance of Public Jloney in the hands of the Bank,
which was ordered to he printed.
An Officer from the Treasury presented an Account of Hops ex-
ported during the last year, and an Account of %Wool, Cotton, and
Indigo imported during the acme period.
LIVERPOOL AND MANCIII;X:TER RAILROAD.

03 the nniti•in of General GASCOYNE, the Liverpool and
Manchester Railroad Bill teas read a second time, and committed.
IIIRMINGILIM AND LIVERPOOL RAILROAD.

Sir J. NEWPORT presented a petition from theCorpomtion of
Waterftitrd in favour of the Bill.
Sir e. CHETWVNI) presented a petition from an individual
of the name of H. H. Moreno, against the Birmingham and Li-
verpool Railroad Bill. The individual in question stated that he
hail been described in the perition for the Bill as a subscriber to the
proposed road In the sum of &ha, whereas he wholly objected to
the measure, and stated that the sante was done without his.
knowledge, privity, or consent.
After some conversation between the Speaker. Sir G. Chetwynd,
and Sir J. Winttesley, the petition was brought up, and referred to
the Standing Order Committee. _ _ _

Sir J. WitoTTUSLEY presented a petition from Lord Vis-
count Anion against the Bill. and stand that in the petition for the
Bill Lord Anson was described as s sub.scribrr, a circumstance
which the petition of his Lordship entirely contradicted.
The petition was then brought ttp, and referred to the same
Committee.

Sir J. WItOTTESI.F.V presented another petition from Mr.
George Pontney, a gentleman of Isrgenirofteft, against the Bill,
who also was reprebewed to be a subscriber, but who stated in his
petition that he was not so, which must harrheen well known to
the framers of the petition, as he had called a Meeting of the
neighbourhood in which hr resided agaimit the measure. He (sfr
J. Wrottesley) considered that the use of the names of the peti.
tioners in the way described was a breach of the privileges of Par-
liament.

The SPEAKER said that the petitioners (lid not allege any wil.
ful or corrupt intention on the part of the persons who had pieced
the names of the petitioners to the petition for the Bill, and the
House would therefore be very unwilling to attach such motives.
There clearly could not be a breach of privilege unless some inten-
tion of fraud was matte out.
The Petition was th^n referred og shove.
NEW CORN-3IA RKET.

Mr. Alderman WOOll presented a Poition from certain inha.
blunts of Mark-lane and its neighourhood, in favour of the Bill
tot the erection of a New Corn market.

Sir ELIA B HARVEY p-e.ented a similar Petition from the
Farmers and Corn-growers a the County of Essex.
Ordeteti to lie nn the table.
SLAVERY IN THE wrsT

Mr. M. A. TAYLOR presented a Petition front the inhabitants
of the city of Durham. ogainet Slavery in the Colonies. The lion.
Member described it to he signed by persons of the first respe:ta-
hility, and prayed that the House would tnke the ca,e of Colonial
Slavery under its consideration; for although Parliament had inter-
fered. nothing had as yet been done. He described the voice of the
petitioners to be in union with that of the whole country.
Similar petitions were then presented, from Stroud by Sir Wil-
liam Guise, front Weilnestutry by Mr Littleton, from Warmin-
ster by Mr. Benert, who said that it had been charged that the pe-
titions for the aludition of slavery were all got up at the same shop,
but if tile, were so manufactured, it only showed thst it was the
unanimous voice of the people of England. The petition he had
the honour to present, however, differed from all others, inasmuch
as it prayed the House to remove the.bounties and drawbacks on
colonial produce, as the best means of carrying into effect the prayer
of the Petition.

The several Petitions were ordered...to lie on the table.
ASSESSED TAXEs.

Sir THOMAS A(2I.A ND prennted a Petition from Bideford,
praying for the Repeal of the Assessed Tazes.—Ordered to lie on
the table.

PAPER CVRRENCV.

Mr. GRENFE Li. said he had & motion to make respecting
small notes of the Bank of England, but as he did not see the
Right Hon. Gentleman, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, in his
place, he was willing to defer it till to.motrorr, if such should be
the wish of the House; at the same time he thought it necessary to
state that he hid obtained the consent of the Bank on the subject.
Mt. HERMES said that as the lion. Member had obtained
the consent or the Bank, he was not aware that his Majesty's Go-
vernment would make any objection.
Mr. GRENFEI.I. then moved that there be laid before the
House sa Ae:otint or Prumi.sory Notes of the Bank of England
under U., in circulation on Saturday, Feb. 18,1826.—Ordeted.
