ROUSE OF COMMONS, TUURSOAY, Juwz le.

in` the parliameeeney rent to be o:4linutd. Ilia chief ob-
jection was to the making Belfast the seat of academic learning.
The constitution of the establishment by no means met his appro-
bation. Aniungst other objectionable discern, it was not proper that
every person who gave a hundred vowels should be made a Di-
rector. Ile I Mr. Peel) had propmed certain ',aeons of high rank
in the county. to act us Visitors to the Inetitsition, whose etesertn.
tendence woad Ice 4 guarantee and security for the propriety of the
nictitation% of the Institution. In withholding his anent from the
motion, be would not say that at sonic future paint the vote might
tier he agreed to. In the appointmetit cf the Visitors, he disclaimed
the exercise of any personal patronage, but merely thought they
would be necereary, as mperintendents of the proceedings of the
estaislisliment. The subject should, in his opinion, he referred to
the Ceminissionen of Intistiry into led:nation ie Ireland; and It
should he for them to report on the pnetriety of a grant being made
to the Belfast Institution ; and if made at all, under what regula-
tions it should he restricted.
Air. S. NICE was satisfied with what had fallen from the Right'
Honourable Gentlemen. Ile had nn objection to leave this subject
open to the inquiry of the Commissittnees, for he was satisfied the
result of that inquiry would be highly creditable to the Inntiet.
tine. Under thew circumstances, therefore, he would for the pre-
arnt withdrew the motion, in the confident expectatiou of having
the object of it carried inns effect at a future period.
Mr. iIItOEGIEI3I remarked, that the tendency, if not the
deed mil object. of the appointment iit Visitors by Government,
would be to increase the patronage of the Crown and interfere with
the 11101111nilln of meritorious proems.
Mr. PEEL, after a few wands from Mr. A Or.RCUOMIIY,
claimed any intention an the part of Government in any manner
to interfere with the appointment of the Professers of the Insti-
tution.
Mr. (31K E presented a petition from It. Gourley, and others,
praying for the repeal of certain taste.
Mr. PORT3IAN presented a petition front Kidderminster,
ageinet slavery.
31 r. R. le )1.114)R N presented a petition from Thetford, against
the ..tinoval of the Assist to Norwich.
Mr. I:lie:NI:ELI. presented a petition from Falmouth and
Toney), in Cornwall, relative to the rase of missionary Smith.
I'M,' complained of the improper evidence whirl, bad been ad-
mitted on his trial, and of the general treatment he had met with.
He (Mr. firemen) was not a fanatic Of Methodist, and lie need not
add, he was not a " seine' (a laugh) ; yet be did think that the
treatment which Mr. Smith met with wall extremely harsh, oppress.
dye, and unjust. The colonists, in his opinion, particularly those
of Demerara, notwitheeneding the representations to the euntrary
which they bed made to the !louse, were, in his opinion, opposed
to the instruction of the Leech population, And with that imputa-
tion on his mind he %veld gladly give his support to the motion
which lii. llna. and !warned Friend (Mr. Brougham) proposed for
renewed discussion to. now evening.
Mr. Itt tiIERTSON offered a few observations in a low tone;
w unelerstseal hire to say, that if the negro:* were at all to be in-
seamiest. their instruction could be ellected only by the mis-
sionaries.
Sir 1. COFFIN would recommend the lion. Member for
Penryn to go to the West Indies, and he would not find the situa-
tion of the black population there so wretched as he had been led
to suppose. He s sir 1. Collie) hail seen many of them as fat,
sleek, end elle us the Hun. Member hinincle (loughter.)
Mr. %VAUD though.. that great cruelty was unnecessarily re-
sleeted to it the punishment of slaves. Cases had conic to his
knowledge, where a thousand lashes were inflicted as a com-
mutation of sentence. 'Fisk species of commutation amounted
plainly to the putting to death by slow torture. If he saw
the Honourable Secretary for the loloitial Department in his
place, he would put some questions to hint, which would call for
some explanation on those points, and which would also, he would
hope, call for en expression of opinion on the part of finvemment,
which would prevent the TeCIIITCOCC of such cruelties in future.
Mr. NNI Nfi declared that he had been there, and saw none
of the cruelties spoken of in that House. As far as lay with him,
he was always Moire:us of promoting the instruction of the negroes.
The petition was then
IMLIC brought ti
l' p an d
TIO ordered to be printed.
CATETIN.
hoed MILTON rose to present a etition, which had been en-
trusted fur presentation to his Noble Friend the Member for
Northampton, and in whose absence it had been given him to lay
before the House. Ile was desirous of calling the attention of the
House to this petition, as the prayer of it differed horn that of
other petitions 00 the same subject. Although lie did not concur
with one request of the petitioners, yet it was a practical Menta-
lism of the effects created by along continuance of misgovernment,
such as Ireland had been subject to. The part of the petition to
which he was unwilling to accede, was that which required that the
Orangemen should be disanned. To this he would not accede.
because it appeased to him but a retaliation, and a desire to indict
a deprivation on a part of the community similar to that which
had been inflicted on themselves when they were conquered. It
was not by such a mearnre, but by the obliteration, not only from
the statute honk, but from the minds of the people, of the hard.
ships and oppreaions which the Roman Catholics hail experienced,
that the peace of the country could be established. In the latter
part of the petition he entirely concurred, that the Orange.
men should he made amenable to the law. If they were not so
alicady, they should unquestionably be made so. The petitioners
termed to a document, addressed in the year 1794 to the county of
Arnsigh, which at that time produced a great impression.
Mr. %V. II'YNN presented a petition from VI rex, relative to
the case of Missionary Smith.
Sir N. Cetl.7'lll' HST presented a petition from Cork, against
the Warehousing Bill.
After a few words front Mr. Hv Tell I NIOW and Mr. G
who stated the complaints against the Bill to be general thivughout
Ireland.
Mr. HERR lES said, the Bill would be in regress through
the House in the course of the evening, and he wealthd then pen.
pose such alterations as would meet and remedy the objections
hitherto entertained against it.
Mr. If 1.31 E presented a petition from King's Lynn, against the
itnpreesinent of seamen.
ROMAN CATIIOI.ICS.
Mr. lII'TCIIINSON rose to present a petition from the Roman
Catholic" of the city and county of Cork. There were affixed to
it nine hundred respectable signatures, and if any Gentleman
might consider this number disproportionate to the number of
Roman Catholics in that part of Ireland, he could assure him that
if numerous sigttatures were thought necessary, nine thousand sig-
natures mule ae easily be procured as nis.e hundred. He was glad
to take this opportunity of exprening the anxiety and unanimous
sentiment that prevailed in Ireland as to the expediency and policy
of frequent appeals to Parliament. He was the more anxious to
state this. as at one period a different sentiment prevailed on that
point. The chains of the petitioners were just and reasonable.
lie rested the use of the petitioners on that broad principle of jus-
tice, that every man had a right to equal and impartial law. Ile
was desired by them to state, that though it was not without consi-
derable pain they had suffered so many dinappoinunents, they yet
felt it their duty to persevere in their exertions to obtain release
from their present state of bondage. He was convinced that the pe-
demesne' unfortunate and distracted country could never be seaweed
to peace and prosperity, till, by the intervention of Parliament, all
rhea.% of its inhabitants were placed on a footing of perfect polite.
cal equality. The petitioners had the fullest confidence that from
Parliament alone they could obtain the remedy they sought, and
in conclusion they entreated the immediate consideration of this
great question. As Parliament was about to be prorogued in a few
days, he knew that no measures could be taken with effect that Ses-
sion, but he should he glad to be informed by the House what
excuse he was to make to the petitioners, and to the expect.
her millions of Roman Catholics, that though Parliament
had been arnembled so many months, and though their attention
during that period Intl been engaged by some subjects of minor
insportanee, nu regard hail been bestowed on this most important
titivation. lie simile' be glad to know how it had happened that
Ministers hail nut felt it their duty Indirect the attention of the la.
eisleture to this great. und, he. would call it, this imperial question.
Ile WOlllll he much obligee if the Right Honourable Secretary fin
Irelsoul would tell hi ii how he was to account to the Catholics
for this remise/sums of Govenntient and Parliament. The Catholics
professed an ardent uttnelmient to the person. family, and govern-
ment of the King. Ili. 3lajesty knew, front his own observation,
that their eevestion to lent was enthueinetie. They were filled with
a grateful recollection of his Majesty's conduct towards them, and
they meted on a thorough conviction of his partiality to Irishmen
and every thing connected with Intoned. Ile (31r. Hutcnin.
on) was satisfied that if 31inietere had the fineness and wis-
dom to give that isfi:eirl where to his Majesty which was
due, not to the Cathelics only but et the whole empire, the
success of the Catholic claims could not be long delayed.
%Phan the House found that the Catholics took an oath /II al-
legiance such as was MATT before required in any civilized coun-
try, and by which they abjured all the abominable principles
im-
putt,' to them—when the Howse I I that the records of Partin-
nseet bore frequent tee:jimmy to their patience and forbearance sni-
der the mon galling and trying provocetion—when the !louse
nevertheless dischargitig cvety public and private duty
with exemplary prnpriety—when the [low turned over the pages
of bintory, and reviewed the battles in which they hall bled, and the
victories thee had gained—when the House bore in mine hoe great
a ells": tiny were entitled to claim in tee prosperity the empire had
attained.—he asked the Ilona: whether be could turn round upon
the Catholic, :end tell them, that the intlitterenee of the House of
Commons to their irceinsent ought to he attributed to their nes-
condoet The policy of the other flovernments of Europe, generally
in other repeats so much and so jnetly condemned, afforded no ex-
cuse to Ministers ter their treatment of the (':dashes of Ireland.
Ile was awry to say, teat if their claims were ton now succesenal,
he could not look forward to atiy more opportune period, though he I
should deeply regret if thereftee the I %Aube* concluded that their
cause was to be despaired of altogether. lie was proud to belong
to a faintly which lied always sincerely advenated the Catholic
driers, not as likely to prove exclusively beneficial to the Catholics
themselves, hut fie the safety and welfare of the whole empire. If
)linietert, from their internee divisions on the subject, could not
bring Mayan! the question as a Cabinet surname. he at lean begged
them to take the opportunity. before the Irish 31...sleben left town,
of ;tweet:Milne from thou whether it was possible to get rid of it
by :ivy side wind—wheilwr the numbers, property, talents, and
intelligenee of the Catholics were such as would allow of their
rights being forgotten nett elisreganleil. Ile was confident that the
featestant Gentlemen (rout that country would tell them that the
question tenet be deposed of one way or the other. Ministsrs
deceived theinselve% if they supposed that six ;venoms of Catholics, I
naturally thseffeeted to the proem system of government. could be
reverend, without some effeet to liberate themselves. Whet could
they expect if Ministers could net devise some means of relief elur•
leg the pe ment prolliesnel peace? Ireland ought to be the brightest
gem in the Imperiel 'room, instead of which it cost the Empire
*reeve! tnilkuse amounts,. anti the greater part of the diersis.sble '
flattery tone was constantly (llipse to be stationed there. If Go-
vellum= was again at w , Ireland would be exposed to the et-
most peril if are active enemy were pretend to take advantage of
her distresses. lie telt, that with these cent ictions he should be

Mr. Tram took the oaths and his seat.
On the motion of Sir 11. Straw, the Dublin Equitable Loan Bill
was reed a third time, and ponied.
THE LATE MR. SMITH.
Sir W. ROWLEY presented a petition from Hadley, praying
for fin inquiry relative to the proceedings connected with the late
fl•. Smith.
Stmila petitions were presented by Mr. KxloltT, from Rye;
rod by Mr. T. lksitangw, from Hallowell.
J ,red on the table.
NEDRO SLAVERY.
Sir J. MACKENZIE weesentel a petition from Creme/Iy,
raving for the a►olition of negro slavery.—Laid on the table.
Colonel WODk:1101ISE presenter. ■ petition from the Justices
of Vence of the county of Norfolk, praying for the removal of the
Spring Assizes from Thetford to Norwich.
Mr. N. K. COLBORNE said, that toe Anises had been bell
at Thetford during a period of 180 years past, and he did not see
a'r necessity for removing them.
Mr. W. SMITH said, that at the time when the Assizes were
first held at Thetford, that town was of much ginner iniportanee '
I nil Norwich, and became prafiessed of its privileges by etrcutn•
to.a.ices which no lunges exist. He hoped the House would comply
%.01 the prayer of the petition.
Alr. HARVEY supported the prayer of the petition.
Vie,patition was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
ievionel IVI/DEIICIUSE gave notice, that h: would to-morrow
move fur the appointment of a Select Committee to inquire into the
inz't of the allega.ions contained in the petition.

•
11A1PRESS1ENT OF SEAMEN.
Mr. T. NI'lliSON presented a petition from the ship-owners of
the port of London, against the inipetaisment of *virtu:no—Laid on
t• ,e table.
Jr. ROBERTSON moved for a return of the annual income
a+,l expenditure of the island of Malacca, whilst in the possession
id the British during the late war.--Onlered.
Mr. ()RATTAN presented a petition from the Catholics of
Calvray, praying tie the removal of disabilitics.—Laid on the
tJale.

BELFAST ACADEMIC INSTITI7TION.
Lord A. HILL presented a petition frnin the Vice-Presidents
and others of the belles' Academic Institution, praying for an
let uiry into the state of the revalue and expenditure of their insti-
roma.
Mr. HUME hoped there was an intention an the part of the
Irish Secretary to direct the attention of the Irish Commission to
this ; or if such were not the case, that the Noble Lord would
to oil forward a motion on the subject.
Mr. (14)1: JAW RN objected to unbarring, Commission by direct-
ing them to inquire into this subject. lie did nut think it would
In by any means productive of good, and that it would In better to
leave the Inatituttna to its own resources.
Mr. A BER1:1(4 Olin' did tune think any Ministers could have
Iron found who would have objected to such an inquiry. Ile
thought. can the contrary, that their gratitude was due to those who
came forward with the invitation. The institution was for the pur.
pore of educating clergymen, who had • great and unlimited MlN-
roes over their Mocks; it was also for the purpose of instructing
neliaolmasten, whose n eons of diffusing information through In-
land were very great. The Institution did once receive support
from Hoyeninient, and why it was withdrawn remains still .o he
plowed They courted inquiry and challenged investigation, be-
souse suchinquiry must only redound to their credit. Ile thought
it woltid be to the advantage of England, as well as Ireland. to
.'tend to the prayer tel die pttitioo.
Mr. 14/RllO said, he avast nnly convinced that an inquiry, such
as wait called for, would be of the greatest advantage to Ireland.
Mr. S. It ICE said, that tierce there was an establishment dc.
*lying of parliamentary assistance. it was the one which now ap.
pi lad tae it, because it did not ask for an normal grant, but merely
tor sech aid as might enable them to. labour with success. If the
Noble lewd (A. tktl) would give him his pereninion, he would at ,
fAICC mine for a humble address to his Majesty on the subject. In
doing this, he knew be was only semnding the Tit.% of the Noble
Luta.
!!ir J. NEWPORT observed, that nothing could bed greater
io.portance to Ireland than to connect the feelings of the people.
e. olt those of well-educated clergy. He could not cortreiye a
•Ativie reason for withholding an inquiry inch as was called for.
the mician of Mr. S. RICE. for 'humble address to his Majesty
to directing die attention of the Irish Commission to this sub.:* :t
w:ts then put from the Choir. I
)Ir. IllOOlidttllN said, that the °bon-rations he had before !
oflrresl to the House, were not intended to he against the inquiry,
tint only *pion embarrassing the Commissionhy diverting their at-
feraion *aim the grand object they had in view. He thought it
was not in cosine kw any lion. Member to rise, and move that an I ,
Address be revealed to ins lineety., and not conformable to the
pructice of the House. Ile (Mr. tioulburo opposed the inquiry on
the round that the Committee which had been appoi.ited to inquire(
into the state of the Irish pour, should direct their attention solely
to that main object. lie distinctly repeated. that no resistance was
made to the inquiry ; but he did not think that it %mild be es-
p.:diem in (laywomen' to allow an annual grant for institutions
in/0,41,1m5' the country.
Mr. S. RICE; said, that he only wished the inquiry to be made
es nub, as oreatible.
sai that the Right Eon. Gentleman ap-
11r. l
peared to treat the question as if he had been taken by surprise. Ile
Mr. 11.1 did not know who' objection thew could he to an inquire.
'the question was, whether or not the attention of the Committee
should be directed to this subject.
Mr. ootmisiTßN repeated, that he did not wish to divert the
intention of the Onanniaison from its grand object.
Mr. S. RICE ask', that he understood the Right lion. tlentle..
moo to say, that the littminisfion could not inquire.
Mr. A HERCROillili air understood the Right Hoe. Gen-
tleman so to say.
Mr. Hor LIItTEN explained.
ir J. NEW PORT thought, AK tha badness of theCommissitui
was on inquire Ws wowything sounciazod with the education of the
St I•h.
Mr. PEEL said, that eight or ten ykiss ape he wrote a lyr-
e. to the Ballot Institution (which Its. *hook' not is
.thit
least object to boys petsilocwi), citing hit remains fur wish.

eontraryto the —.Ts k .puk
tute on the subject was that of Richard I I.,vhieh was fully answered

• • , .
acting a dishonest parCif he did not urge the Cathoiim In persevere' nielimere in the racy dem:aided alteratice, and he called °" ..
'icy'''. °l'''''d ha" aiiffered their 'Will as citizens 10 he Mee i e
in their claims, and caution Ministers not to ColliillUe the course i hie 31a,ierey•s Ministers to tank to tierir white sleeve—(heer, ! Ile did era. tete for the opinions of Judge moon. Jcd,,, Nial.7,:ii,r,•
ton long followed with respect to therm lie hat a few eights ago I hear, hear)—he said their white slaves—as well es to the slaves! and Judge Kenyon, as lie did rot think that the Merle •of the •.'
' expressed his surprise that Ministers had felt it their 'ln' Yto rap- in the Nest Intuit. If the *lave owner were prohibited morn I rest were to he trifled away by pialcial opinions. It was relic, si'sisjl.
point a Committee to inquiry whether the Insurrection Art ought ' Mills-ling a i.i:•.gte hash until the day after 'he offence cba'A'''' to nay that 119'11/1/ men c''uld rot be raised out el a population'ul
rot in he renewed. instead of considering rather how to unite the the asked elle etmeld tee taller be subject: to three dozen lulu:, At of la tie 19 melt, Ls. without having recourse re ent mg,. 1.: ,
people, by retrain ieg the odious, divisions by which th:v were new . the nhi in seri reerice of ths• oilieer ? No nes i should be penielied Ile weld.' sdk, were the Itritieh seamen sated with ite; ..;'''''n:*
separated and opprencri. De hoped, for toe beim:lit of the whole, rich eut a t utirt Maa.lei, and eitisout the ram,. regulatiuns es Low I Was there nu diecontent among them on thie sublect. ? l'iekiraeL le:
Cinlid not be long elefgrest el itch of the Penal "iv
cr that it might be known aid reerobated from ore
Empire, that die (' itholies woreld loruvere, and then their tire,ll revel-I in the :trey. ee„,e te• se- gest humane ti:;.r. in II - racy I :en there wan. The Gallant Admiral had aleided to the Capt Cof
tegseinnt them ' cereidered coreeral penis:mite.; might he greedy dime idiessi. Pu- a itserehateit 1111, who had adopied flogging in his ship. Hellos&
heel been abolished duel ,e the late reign : butt he truated that while hislftieneh to en eeieesive degree gel err* pirase, anal T.O F.lpTi If ioblinUM. ) crake on the Genera edetind to nerstisn, the name i
any part of it remained, the Catholic% would not sense to c•ill upon : chn-k rag an yet, put to it lie was aM,Ile that 'mew 'Miran were that permit, which, front a mint: ken motive of eelicacy. he had
subject, becauee he felt it 'mutely :
Perlinment to remove it cetirely. lie had %poker, strongly on this teed for era, I: y, and that nee relicer was `l'll
I,V .Irlntirel , conceded, i•i ord.
but lie hoped he had giver, no , ,Pore it r eetenat g onnreessary seven'}. ila re tee I leenuralee I nisi et tide impi re In a,.„titee.
' offime, though he was aware that tt required a 11111,11 greater power I .lusher read a letter from an iielis Mud who is el been pre'ned into :fir G. I (If Kith II N explairrd. ar.d •,.id. that he did not user
of laneeage than he possessed in give free utterance et his fee lines, I the Lion. 114 guns. in hits:, anti who 'vat fueled out to I ,seta, al- I the *ore, imputed to him by the Hon. Gentleman. lie mere!?
without some rink of wounding those of his opponeuts. Ile though his Ire .i's had toned tees wilesiertee for him, e'er we re . reeenned on the receesity of procuring nation at a MOWielit. •
moved that the petition be brought up. I also taken. (Hear.) The Caectie I,t the Lion hail reenter Ils ere it gto a time of n or.
s wart.
:li r I Captain G( SR In iN mere that in many cute it would be Moe.
Alr. W. BECHER supported
the prayer of the petition. Ile : ging days, particularly Sunday, ; two dozen holiest wee tee reg.,
' felt happy in en opportuniry to avow his sentiments on this greet. Pieli•hment : even if a mail lad sea dirty "thin in his, Ghost, lie was sible to men the bevy unless by impressment. lie would readily
go -stion. On that sweeeon he would not go into the merits of the 1 subject in the name penis-emcee' ..ow if one panicle of tha• , allow that it wen only in.titied by ran lenity, and eight to be tee!
gemeral question. All that it, friends could then do wan to risqmet stater:en: It irre, true, he inset( ii toot infiniry wee aleolutely neat- I with ranch veteran. • Ile entreated the House to Valllie btfllle tn.,
g,roun to neer. inmantanentini the
the !louse to give their weioue attention to it when it Should be re sary. la the trigate Ilereesiees, the crew kelel their officers and I depreee the navy „e its ; ti
payeeeen. withsrat which it would become
gularly brought under eacussion, and not suffer the petitioaers and I carried her into a Spanish pert, in es net-gm-nee of the cruelty yrac- i ineignitteter to feresei peve, „d eeteetneg to this country.
the Catholics of Ireland generally to be prejudiced by the proceed- tised opou them. Corpona istteislenent he knew to be unpremisei ;
I eeen suggcsted be the 3leestee for Aberdeen, but he thoughtYthe,
elr. lie eel ITII thought weh the Hon. Officer (sir U. cock.
inp of a few individuate, on whom the disetialitications preened in revs rat ships : in the Itelwark, for eighteen mullein, not rate 11151.
I hurry teat is wesild be ear.
.at all evetre, an irquiry into tie 'Arleen should take place. li
must strongly, and whose expression of thrir Lichee% Illaa therefere wee fingged ; in the I.aree. the same gang necurn d ; in the. Die_
naturally mere vehement. It apnerred to him, however, that these - tater, eenfinemens. supers. tied flogging ; and Le mentioned this in
excuses' furnished one of the best arguments for conceding the just show it was ant SO ere a es some persic conttneed it in be. No . sppearol to him flirt no evil meld artee from a change ie. the sys.
claims of the Catholies,—( Hear, Iteer,)—for i: was not possible that desertions took place from three shirr, ei dwhy rot eater d lee syn- steal, I. • the:
leech geed might. be expected from it.
' while the disabilitire were continued, those who were 01051 affected teat generally ? Ile believed the Artratreity had, by the (erianerly .
:sir O. CLERK perfectly agreed feat imprceament was not to 'se
' by thetu should not attempt to evade them. What would be the C 041.. Returns, dene eamething ts, check cruelty, but nothing sisraciently • remand to unites in cases of emergency; and he Clew it wan Le e:
, duct of the People of England if placed In the sante et:tuition ? OP:new was produced. For himself, he would not (macre to (tone hut wilt n necessity warranted it, because every Milker ereis i
There could be no doubt that the country would ring from one , place a leadred Or ',ill coentrymen under the coin" and of a • Itceicr tekieg with him men who served voluntarily to those al I
end to the other with popular Indignation, and that the empire item who bad at-en no service, eite bee never seen thirty years Were levet' to act. Ile teought it absolutely necess
ary that ILI;
would be shaken to he centre by the tflette of die eufferert to obtain : roll over hie head h-.(11r. li• ) knew that sue') young in..l 'tieing COW 1.,V stinted have the peens, computeetary or othergiag. et ma.
redress; and if the mass of tile people were indifferent to the mice- appointed to come.ard• cauntC get.eral el inatisfectiou. Ile thooght fling their fleet in rases of nectesity.
tion, would not the pernone of weight and reepeetability endeavour even 'attar those circradistanees tee House were boned to see if
opi; it/1;40:1 the subject. Ile did not wish to give a Ultra ante
Mr. Wee Rifle objected to the assertion of an lion. Member.
'to rouse them front their lethargy?, lie was sure that gime of thoee ce -reran and compulsion could not he made to glee wee to erdentery . that tense comer-al with the prefeseionatone capable oe teen.
who then heard him would Tint hestate to bear the ci.nracter of age . service. There was now no elsffieulty in finding Captains, for they ire
was etely of opitrion that the men on thin i1111,07110il SIII/jeCL
tater% rather than remain entirely passive in siich a %rate of thins.' had :limy advantages; but he
'At the lame time he regretted there excesses, litienune they furnish. were ill treated in tee dintritto ion of prize-money, as well as in the , Sir E. II .t, It VEV knew, that in nineteen rates out of arena,
el the mile lausible arguments for deferring the
p great manure of , other beetle he had just stated ; two-eighths of the Procrilioney . the system of impressment had formal the greatest wig:were to the
justice which the Catholics claimed. , only was left to the whole crew. if a prize of the value of I.ooocs commercial incenses.
2eof. 'Was not this ;of hie lion. Friend. because he was co-aimed that the British navy
The petition was then brought up, rend, and ordered to be minted. are taken. the oiler. that is to say the Captain, would receive , Sir It. eg I T.sq ye; said that he would give hie vote for the
motion
Mr. ',USK !SOON presented a petition from eerie inagtetrates , ea. end 4eo men, compseing Mr ere w, only
of leverpone stating their objeetdonolo several clauses in a Bill tem it grievance ? Vi•hcre wise thejtatiee of such a ilietinctioa Was not would be more eflesesually manned without iteme,,,,,, He
, thooght it opposed to all the hest principles of liberty.
be
the Home. • e • , I thin of itnelf enough to iieenate their afferiione from the service? Here Redid not
The petition wit then reed, but so Indistinctly by the clerk (not was fine cotopelsten by • Prees-gang, not eranotned oldie gentlest , believe teat in tine of war there ',Dube be a gegtee scarcity of
sea-
Mr. Ley). thet we could not montsite what gill was objected to, : beings in he world cattle unlimited service—then fleggne.g toe ' tuen Oren during a time of peace.
Mr. 111JOKISSON then plesented another petition, hot fto.n ' most extraordinary degree (though now modified to what ft ueed ei ;' 31r. HUME replied.
whom, err to what purport we could notlearn, for the same reason.
I
be)--and to crow,, ell, l, there mule be superadded the injestiee of the I
Strangers were then ordered to withdraw, and the House divided,
nrtliiebenr nm atrupeared
n,
mi;
against it, 1011; Majority, 70.
brad NUGENT alto prumited • petition, the object of which, distribution of prieeminecy. Could any honest man say that •rall when the u
for the same reason, was unknown to us. , a system—'pion under Which such practiced prevailed, should be .
ro
551,1L1. t)EnTs BILL. I continual, without enterieg into the fullest inquiry fur its neces- On our return to the Gallery,
lewd A. HAMILTON then TOSC pursuant to notice, to move for , sty ? Impressmert was uely judtilied by a paramount—nay, an :Mr Illt I /11'N IAtIV was Lringine forward hin motion toil refer
leave to ' ring in a Hill for the extension of the Small Debts Act to : overwhelming neernsitv : and where, he asked, was there row any the petition he had prenentea reepeeting the Caterilie Anareate te
the Secret Committee on the state of Ireland. Ills fee
Scotland. Ile referred to the report on the subject before the !louse, i necesnity for outraerre, :mien feelinge--imprisoning their bedies eel so to
chew that the Annexation was regarded whit alarm and jealousy,
and observed, that the (:ommasinneu and the Scottish Jostiees of (for that they were as much ituprielined an any felore were, could
the pave were all favourable to the change he proposed. lie in- not be. fur a moment doubted), then cruelly flogging them, and 1 Mr. HORACE TWIsS seeene.ed the ratios, in order that
tended to Mir the Itill in the precise terms recommended by the ' eubjectine them to every specie% of tyranny Red oppression ? ‘.l'e some chance might be given to Ireland to coupe from the distrae-
Comma:donee% of Inquiry, and concluded by moving foe leave to i were now in a state of peace_gneer power!did nut resort to Or' done from which she was euffering. It was necessary for the sake
: en
bring in a Bill to alter seal 1111101 d the 70th and 40th of George 111. I pressman, and he asked what was there in Me Engle,'" %allots. that
of the Catholias them, teat the Association should be dis-
cap. 46. I they should be treated differently from solved. If it sort rued they would find a decrease in the increasing all others? Again he re.
File LORD At/VOCATE observed, that as the Bill was not ; poen', that he had majorities by which their cause had been supporta' in Palliation. at ail events laid greened for inquiry.— ,
to be pawed on the House this Session, be should not oppose it. I lie would uk hose this country 'you're] stand in the event of
le.
hoed. File Irish f 'atholies should be taught that on the same principle no
;
lie contended that the Commasionets of inquiry into this subject I Mica with any of the Powers of Europe 'rand in this coneidera-
'
I which Parliament condemned the Orange Societies, it would die
; earnest
went one step funher than their instructions, by extending their ' titre America could not be left out. It should not be forgotten that
cower:ratite Associations among tee (•aitioliese. He earnes
inquiry into the jurisdictionof the Magistrates. The facility of the American war, which was produced alone by the question of ;
ronsmeneed them as a friend to dissulve this inauspicious Awe
recovering small debts might be useful ; but the contraction of I impressment, cost this country 96 millions of money. 'Chia w" :elation.
debts should not be forgotten. Impritiooment for small debts should' not a subject to be treated lightly, and he file assured that there Mr. Secretary CANNING would explain, in a few words, the
be altered ; in fact, there were many views in which this subject was no man who then heard him that would not soon be fully grounds on which he should vote for the modern. He supported it,
' was to be seen, and which required minute investigation. The aware of the importance of it. 1•1) convince the house that there not to exonerate (lovernment from any teneor.sibility, but bemire
Costal (*our: of Edinburgh is already overburthened with business, was nothing so c ilculatea to inflame hostile feelings between this it might be necessary to hove thieAtoaciation considered amengothe
anti the Bill of the Noble laud would go still further to increase it. 'reentry and America, he would read one or two affidavits Onto matters relatieg to the present state of Irelend. (In the sore
lOn the whole of the cane he thought a Committee of this Ileuee An rican subjects, which had been extracted from an .Americanground he should support the 'notion of which the Right ilor.
should precede any pove commove on so interesting a subject. Paper, called the (Pier hereon!, which nente certainly did rot Parente ("it J. Newport) hal given notice. lie entirely cora:wed
Mr. 31 AXIVELL said his greetoWeet in supporting the ',runic accord with its principles, as it was set up on purpose to keep alive with his ilea. and Leernal Frierd (31r. If. Twias), that it was a.
Bill auto lessen the time of inspnyooment fur small debts. I 'poi' the spirit of discord existing between the two countries.[The eirable thin most dangerous A notiraion should be suffered to es-
the propriety of such a measure he thought there could not be the Honourable Member here read the affidavit of Isaac Clerk, of haust itself before it reached the extremity of the law.
slightest manner of doubt, and lie also wished that the Right lion. Sales (31assachusette), which stated that he had been impressed,
Mr. IIUTCHUNSON was an anxious as the Right lion. Gee.
the Secretary of State would give some pledge that the natter and kept on bincuit and water only. for a lung time.' The lion.
tleman that the Catholics shuttle not suffer front the videree and
should be attended to early in the next Seseion• elumber said that he would admit that the statement wan over.
indiscreeinfaedof thheitba.dvoeates. lie opposed the motion, because he
,t
.to,.ject of the Association was to state the grin.
31r. 111 •M E said that dui proposed measure was of the utmost charged (hear, hear) : but what he wished for was to have proofs
Ile would tier nottn
tphrri
Aotutnce,eupioin its legah. ay
importance, and he would recisomend the debt to be sued fist in brought forward to thew whether it was at all justified. The wit Ra1,".1
the SherifF's Court to extend so ltd. Imprisonment for debt present was the best time for ineuiry into the efficacy of the system anT;:a ori.i"e ' l'''?"
I should, in his view, be altogether abolished ; for he was satisfied of impressment—it was a period of profound peace, and If it oreireity late left that
(ta)tnas the object of the. qAssociation wan not iin'es'ir'res.Ytitriii ' (tile..
that though some cases of fraud might require punishment, yet eimald be found to be bad, it was the proper time to overturn it.
nngll wan
fan
.emenentt. teember of the most independent aird
that in general imprisonment for debt rasa serious' evil. In Canada, That it was bad was notorious, front the fact that our seamen fled
and in many other places, there was no imprisonment, and he saw to America, to Mallard, indeed every where, to avoid the danger of *ea_ P.ceta:u n he country. Ile (Mr. Hutchinson) had
no until
,t,etliwutiot qi sittne il
!ion.
his seder
foe Armagh were a mantas.
no reason why the system should not be pursued advantageously in imeressment. lie repeated, that this war, an important question,
and was so contained by the country. lie would wish the House argent imposition would have tea
this canonry and Scotland. of the Catholic Association,
him to utter exprescons even more violent than any yet uttered
After •fier runarks from Lord A•colnAl.D HASITI.TON, leave to look at the example set by America ; there was in that country
was given. nn impressment; every tuarewat a volunteer, and his period of service there.
PRIVATE BILLS. wan limited. lie was aired that these elands were tiresome to the Sir .1. NEWPORT considered it fair, that if the Committee was
Mr. BRIGHT withdrew his DCtieS, relative to the Standirg House, but they wane nunnery, in seder that the question should be to have the subject presented to them in one point 'Ovine, it should
Orders on Private Bills, as thesabject was taken rap already by a thoroughly understood—it wee one ut vital iinportance, when rhe be deem to them all* in the other. lie read a paper jutted by
Committee. consteuences of impressment were considered as they regarded the Loyal Orange Association at the eornmencementof this session,
A Messenger from the Lords announced their Lordships agree- America. Did the I.JUSe know what the practice in France was ? by which it appeared that a regular system of organized affiliadoa
meat to several public and prorate Bill'. There men employed in the merchant service, and fishermen, were I existed throughout Ireland. By this le, al Orange Meeting, a
13IPRESSAIENT OF SEAMEN. exempted form all other service, and were only liable to be called string of resolutions was passed, among which WaA a vote of thanks
Mr. 111.731 E said that In bringing forward bee promised motion, on to man the navy in cues of emergency. There were never to citric unentnpeomisiog friend, Sir A. Bradley King. (Haw.)
he was fully sensible of its imponance. The system of Impress. more than leo,ooo men required for the navy in this country, and The order of proceedings was the same aa in Parliament, begin.
men. led to great and Onions evils, which it was now time to lie therefore could not think that there would be any difficulty in ning with prayers, and voluntary evntribotlone were collected from
abate and remedy. Ile inteMded as have itmught this subject establinhing a voluntary marine. The house should also bear in the members on a nude' 'huller to the Catholic rent. .were
before the House earlier is lids Stadoo, but that he was pee. mite! the great tress that wos entailed ou the ecuntry
and the
1 Grand Masters for every county of Ireland, and • regular finar.o
mow the other oilmen wes the Grar.d ' •
vented by being obliged nrel tenders, and he I committee. A Chaplam,
to attend a Oedinnetwee, whose labours, establishment of-gangs, guardsitips,
as the House well knew, had hated for forty days. He now only queetinned very much whether the number et men procured by Sir Harcourt lwes, to whom also • vote of thanks was given tor ha
wished to have a pledge that the subject would be brought be. impressment was equal to the number of men emisloyed on that i patriotic service*. (Hear, hear, and a laugh.) After reading this
fore a Committee in the comae of next Session, when lie hoped service. lie hoped that while the attention of the House was di- paper. he conceived he had laid mad rotted for refining tot wee
full information would be furnished to them. If the question meted to the protreuon of the slaves and the brute creation, it the petition vueeeting he Catholic Asseeia•ioe, but those which
were looked at fairly and properly, he was sure they would not should not be said that the Britali l'arliameat inta refused to con- bad been presented respecting the crease Societies, to the Secret
support the present system. No man more than himself wished sider the %al:sting, of British seamen. (Hear, hear, hear.) Ile was Committee.
to cuntinue the glory and pre-eminence of ournavy, which was, as Korey to have detained the House so long; but lie was anzieus to 3lr. 11. SUNINER emplaned it as quite impeaible to have jun.
it should be. the great bulwark of our
.•
!nee- He wailed not to put if in full possession of his feelings on the subject. (Loud tire done if a steiety pronounced to be dangerous y‘ mischievous
cripple our naval pewee; he wished to make it a voluntary service, Craven.) The Ilonoirable Gentleman concluded by moving, were not inimeeiately inquired into. While this Ainociation was
and not one of force and of coercion. The naval service should be " That this House, being well aware of the difficulty of tuannieg
conducted like every other branch of service ; and it would be a the navy in time of war, and of die ensile arising from the forcible going on, evil wottlif he done which ought be avoided. The law
officer of the Crown for Ireland should at once give his opiaioa the
most desirable object to have the naval service voluntary, and tint impressment of seamen foe that purpoee ; and coceistering that a
as it was and still continued to be, a system of the grossest co- dine of profound
nonce
will best &hint the fullest anti fairest exuni-
. l'Elii, said he should certainly vote for the penpuition of
'scion, and rendering the sereice a heavy penance. In fact, nation of that mon important subject, will, early in tlw next see.
his Hon Friend (Mr. Brownlow). He (31r. Peel thought it a
one way or other.
such was the tyranny practised under the existing system that sion,take the subject into consideration, with the view to such re. •
people shunned it as a plague and as a pestilence. bet the gelation% as may obviate these evils, consistent with the effi. matter of course to refer the petition to the teoniniittee up suars.
In ding so he felt ill no degree relieved from a fair mponnibility.
matter at all events go to a Committee, and if there it should be ciency of the navy and the interests of the (reentry." He saw no claim on the part of the Association to acme them an
decided even that imperilment should be continued (a decision Mr. ROBEIFFSON wielded the motion. indemnity, either from their speeches, their eraiduce or their inter.
which he did not antiapste), still some good would be effected by Sir G. COCKBURN said, that he should have some diffieulty
the fact of instituting inquiry. The practice of impressment in following the Hein. Member for Aberdeen ; but he woald coo-
owly their proceedingestating this he nwart to sey, let
done Ile was peinfully impressed with the neeeseity of wateeing
had long prevailed, and though sanctioned by Act of Parliament, line himself to the two Member fop
and the discipline of
he still thought it unconstitutional. Some people thought that the navy. The Hon. Member iiimeelf had given the best reason
aft seeret'secietice--no he had stated before, so he stated now; but;
haftsteey niarch of the law have its entire. Ile ou an enemy te,
what was legal was aim unconstitutional ; but that was a dectrine aren't the motion, for he admitted that there was no hope of reate-
to which he could trot subscribe. Opinions he knew difilieed on die dying the system, and he (Sir O. Cockburn) therefore thought that
subject ; he knew that impressment Ilan warranted by the common the subject had better not have been agitated. He was convinced Ile ours opposed to the 'Catholic claims, but he never would own
the law should net interfere. unless its interference were celled fee
Rib-
law of the land, but again he contended it wan uncossetitutional. I dust he spoke the sentiments of every naval officer in the country,
itormen. or be ere other nanses. True loy”ity would be beet eep.
the aid tit such societies, let them be celled (nangemen or Rib.
Although Mr. Justice Foster had argued so ably on the other side, when he said, that if it were portable toy an the navy without in:-
ed by an :aiiicicr.ce to the lam, anti a foll obedience to its die-
that learned personage admittedthattaknew ofnoietatute permitting , pressnient, it iambi be desirable. Everretention had been given
pout True toyalsy required no assuiations to support it ; and on
to the Crown the right of impressment, though it was sanctioned by • to the subject that it was capable of receiving, and no possible
proscription or init.:armorial erase; such usage,all the dme, not being 1 etitute could be devised for it. Hard as it might appear, yet it was
lion. Friend (Mr. Brownlowe and the Right liun. Baronet, the
I the
. principle of• fairness, he should support the propeettions of Ms
ere the feeli nofthepeople,ortoublic utility. Theonly sta. established on legal authority. IVhen a ntan who had been iin-
I Member ter Iteeernine (Sir J. Newport).
..... . -p .. —.. • • • ' ^ Lotd 3lansfield, es- haneas - that be would coils

prt,sed was brought beforc

,
, ,
by Baron Maseres, and an answer worthy the perusal of every mate 1 after the matter had undergone the cut
1 3 feW 111011,13.tc patience the
feeling an interest in this very important sulneet. Ile wished the ' Judge decided, that eufficient had not been shevrn that the man
bethcriCamthoftier
linear to see whether impressment were really useful. No class of I was exempt front service by any statute, thereby plainly indicating 1 motion o.;;seth,e,r Iltioenwoitnagahtlheillczeitn,..e,ber ftbiL,tlnorineggichattoed
individuals were more praised than the navy, and yet no class had that impressment was justified- by the common law. Mr. Justice I h It rl
'their rights more sacrificed, or theh feelings more outraged. Ne. Fostet and Lord Kenyon were of the same opinion, anal that, tt
see c'lir. It was quite clear that the debates in this [louse
email bad even been the plea of tyrants in all countries for their , he thought, was a clear reason why it should not be departed froni. t.l.lliii-weilstlhea(r:)lrnittmesiftrrarn,tdatittit.nattothacteir asceitlit.yethadwasdoncoeve inalsotwitt.he
tithe.
oppressioos; and, in this ease, it was incumbent on those who I It was idle to talk of keeping up an establishment of sailors tk.t.i
declarations made in Parliament. The Orange Association was
supported an odious system, to chew that the necessity existed, and I shore ; it required practice to render thein useful. At the bresi
tigittattsed in tnis House ; std yet, stn cue to say, the major 3v
that it wee an overwhelming necessity. In the year 1739, 1 ing out of a war the sea was covered with merchantmen,
s Bill was brought in on that subject but, before he nientioned , men of war had nothing to do but to take the sailors outuntta:tiblt'rne'te, oswfa o‘hfeonsnudboerdnrinoalltede officers of
itth,e
:ttiltrie...ri,g,,,..,..essocHoironcoulig
tlheneGaid
o.
that, he begged to say, that he found wo had volunteer fleets,they were it ttttt etliately fitted for service : and it sho I be
and that of Admiral Blake was one so circumstanced. It in collected that this was dine for the benefit of conineree, as the- I i-t,v.,nn,i;t.te.ct, tiereint,bmtatiin,
that ease eo much benefit had been derived to the country us history i men of War inneetlimely took charge of the Ilierthithtleetl.
time
. I ' I eteTiancdi:lioritlitit'ac'tre'PalUcerne,e2ntldwsh-itilhesthaucht men
declared It to be, he AIM no rewire why it should not be followed ; might to MAW to the House that there was no impresbnient in time .
lie .i), . I bolt himself bound '
to support the mentin cf the Honours! lc
in the present time of peace. In 1731 i some efforts were made to ;of pram, and that it was only daring war that the practice was ! len r torl.l. nearehi and his night Hon. Friend the 31eitaber ter
remedy the evils of impressment ; but the defenders of the system ; adopted. The lion. Member had instanced America as an ex- ' the Pity of 1•
ater on .
alleged that a time of war wsa not the time to alter it; but still ample, which this country ought to fellow. It was a very dif- Str FRANCIS BLAKE said a few wattle, which were ind:,
no one fully justified it. AU that could be said foe it was, that it i relent thing to men five Or six frigate,' to manning such a ;meal tinctly hearty in th e mellerv.
was necessary ; necessity was the only plea toir its continuance. I force as England was obliged to keep up. The sailors, notwith- me, I)AWe(IN °berried. that theneh rot renresentinnan Charge
Subsequent St/CMIHS A/Remade on the sante subject, but with no! standing the representation of the lion. Member foe Aberdeen, county, he was not afraid nor r.shained to vindicate the Orangeoe a
more success. The nth of Anne repealed the etA of Iti94i ; but I evinced such a preference to serve on board men of war, that the (from the aspersions ant upon them. Look to the parts of lenaite
that repeal was extremely partial. He knew that recently the treat- I merchantmen found a great difficulty on foreign stations In keeping. i whir: they ex-eted, and ne evils s .;': Inc found bat tram the ti: -
that
provoked tow satiate had been iniprovid, but still desert- I a sufficient number of seamen to navigate the ship, so great '
I bates tit this llouse, and thole mu tai doors. He denied net
log eonstaatly tick ...The Mon., Member peseeeded to read i the anxiety of the seem to volunteer on board a AMR% ship t Itrtil I I imegernen WOW sa guilty as eit•y were teeresented to bet et
sonic extracts from pampblet cf Capt. Marryatt, with a view 1 British officers had frequently occasion to interfere to repress this
to sheer the danger anti the inefficacy of impressment. Impress- I desire, and to direct that volunteers should not be received, if ' ei•lted that the Parliament tent the :tetiee of England should ;•,-
,-- ,awy ! enlightentd on the subjct. Ile was n a I hangentan, and peel
went provoked desertion, as was pudendal exemplified in the ! detriment was likely to ensue to the merchantmen. He sad no • teas likely to ts,: one. The Orangemen be knew, and he knew bent
case nettle Netremete, when in chase of the tnerican frigate Con- hesitation to say.that the English sailor was better off than any ether •to se 'avid me, ; there wae ee ,)..clig.tll.).; of secrecy in their arne
siltation. Why, he asked, did desertion so frequently ta.te place ? • class of people in his station, and he was therefore convinced that ' tete°, i
11'hy slid we get Admirals and Captains without linpresament ? , all new plans were only calculated tu do mischief, and he on that their mere, (-mid lie hnowa ; the tieetner.ent could exc.
lain their names, and the only sec. ere, nee the sten. by which the;
Au why not seamen ? Simply fur this reason—that 'icemen vine account should oppose the motion. Next, with regard to the
re
not well treated, and were not used as they ought to be. lie was ; discipline necessary to he preserved, it was requisite that the power meenised each ether. Their moils au tno mine than those fist
by 3lembete it the table of that I I oust-. Trt:c they collected term•
satisfied inquiry was necessary, and lie trusted it would not be' of punishimen should be left with the Captain in the saneway as ,sours, but thme elms were only for l'ee e'e.ecu. of that leyal Settee
denied. The disadtantages attending sailors in the navy r.eulteil it was at present, as where ti onine ,
r fine men were commanded by
,lie wished the House to go into an i.eittiry upon. the setejcet. te
troth the irregular payment of the wen, which he now adninted to or ten Whale, it was multiunit; hemmer, to strike terror into tne ; et. would indeed bz sarprised, if, in til,: rc.ult, -.I: . Oree.T Ass•
be improved, though riot so regular as it ought to he. lien could refractory, in order to ensure obedience and subordination. Every • cia!em would net cent(' out t I the ine:l4.l pore azd undenled.
not be whined with such a system. In the time of William I officer in the navy was using his endeavours to repress punishment. 1
the Third, the pay of the sailor was nearly' es. per month, and I but the taking the matter up in the way it had been was calculated W PO'lite motton was then carried.
Sir .1. NEW' moved that certein petitions from Cstkie,
now they only received 3-24.; whereas in usher services they had .to prejudice those endeavours. The Admiralty was every day en,- I complaininl .of the Orange Associaeon, sittiuld be reterresl W ,
nine, ten, and a eltisen emends per month. In America there was ployett in improving the condition of the navy, and their elm Lions
same Cerninittere—thtleet4l.
no compulsion to enter the navy, and he saw no reason why the would effect mote good than the Hon. Member's speeches. The I The other Orders of the Day were then disposed of, a-.. 1
practice should rot be fellosted lure. If we Cane into contact with sailor tunic, after a service of twenty years, was entitled to what 11
asellSe adjuureed at THREE u t LOCK•
the Americans, we could not newt them on equal terms, while we I was called the long service premien, and was privileged ise denuend
had shares and they had freemen to fight their ships. America paid I Iris discharge whenever lie pleased. (Cheers.)
her seamen three times melee than Enghtml, and paid them regularly I Sir 1. CI IFFIN observed, that he would not bare troubled the
too. The payment of the nary wits a matter at great importance, I !louse with one word on the present occasion, had not the lion. - - -
which might beeasily remedied. The next disadvantage to the 3lember for Aberdeen applied to the navy the epithet of '' white PICICES OF FOIIEIGN - --- - - —-•--
STOCKS YESTErtHAV
- -
sailor was the indefinite length of his service, and if the House did 1 negenes." Now he would just read to the House some examples
justice they would interfere fur the protection of the British seaman, lof illustrious naval officers who had been impressed, and had risen Austrian Bonds Porten...toe Bonds 51t
as well as they did for the protection of the natives of Attica or the ; from these white negroes to the highest honours of the profession. Ditto .Seet. 971 Dino .ecet.
West Indies'. In fact, he (Mr. Hume) thought the situation of the I The Gallant Officer then read the names of Admirals liourmaster. Cheian Bonds 79) i 9 Persian Ilan(s til'et ILi
Ilritieh seaman was worse than that of a galley blare. They . Mitchell, and Sir T. Trowbridge, and Captains Butterfield and Ditto Acct. 7t' Ii
DittoDito Acct. tee
were first torn from their home and friends, then ill-used, and on' Cooke, as having risen from before the mast. (Ilear.) Coloth. fund. t:44 i G
their return Inuit a toreibm Arttimr, in place of being allowed to I Mr. 111/11110USE said, that the Gallant Admiral opposite ;Sir Ditto .Nett. tin) le.tte Acct.
visit their homes and friends, frem whom they were so dragged.. ti. Cockburn) had assumed rather a high tone 4 but he was not Ditto Strip I; Ir, 3 I pre herssn Bards 93) i
they wer: again sent to the East or West Indic& Should not such aware of what he had ever done afloat, and he was pretty well Ditto Acet. 1.., j1,.'1 t, pm I, tto Acct. 'PI t ,
it s) seem he altered, or at all events inquired into? A sevens of versed in the naval history of modern days. But he knew what Danish Bond. lit- j Sprl, l'ens. 29A ' 3 I
4 d
coniptileion was wrong in aey way. Sailors were like lads let his Honourable Friend lud done ashore, and the whole country wan Greek Scrip 9 ftA dis I Dino .]ens. neit, I
loose from a cage, and when they could they took every opportu.' read to acknowledge his exertions. (Hear, hear.) Notwith- i Ditto ,Ic,-t. 9 8i- tint Pit r.i Bodb :l
alit,' of desertion. Sailors were not dealt with as other men, and standing all that the Gallant Admieal had asserted, lie was , Mexican Herds NI I
lie asked why not ? What was there in a sails' to exclude firm not at all shaken by his arguments, new had any refutation been ' Ditto Scr:p 2( 1 1 2 i et i 2 Dret-. le", ,
from thus enjoyments guided to other men ? No men were nitwit given to the powerful statement of his Honourable Friend. I k pen
' Free eh is c 0 le .I 0:. It
brave, more friendly, more nth-Aired, awl why use them itifil.ently 'twee the opinion among naval officers, that unless something wax , Ilitr', ACC:. '2l '',2'.l f, pm i 10.4 f.
from every other class of persons? The severity of punishment done before theattext war, it would he impossible to carry impress- i Neapoiitan Bot.';:e.- n3i ; Iheo 5 por t'..n.-. (ta.. i) 17.;
was the next the/Meantime under which the sailor labsnsred. This ment into effect at all. Ile knew that during the late war, many I Peruvian Birds I [tine Seem 17; I int
he knew vies a delicate topic; but he thought that our maritime citiars of Westminster never went out unto.% armed • ith knives, I leittu Scrip t;{ ...: ii, I Vr.t.) Acct, llt Ku
code ought to be Impreved on this subject. The systrnt of per. which they certainly would have used against press gauge, as they I-Etti Acct. ; I) es Bank Sheers
I Exchange 25... enc. 4.-,..

ianr.ficld, on •
illest dtscussion.

conm4,
that Learned

Mr. SPRING RICE obscrvc, that be
• ofd Parliarnert ; and he wished

(1R!)1:R 01' THE I).VV: (1111 S D.IY.)
lkmentru—Adjournctll)ehate on Aiikin,s.

pRICE.: OF 3i
Mink Sto..k 1184.
3 per Cent. Reduced, 1
';; per Cent. Cum
Old per Cent. Ifni
New `i per Cent. DM
4 pie Gera.
Ij.)Jg Ann. 22 Tit;
Imperinl 3 per Cents.
Hulk tot Act. 2;19
.Mx . Pr .1(t. 95.1
India Stock

gite

THEATRE
Tilts kl,tninz.

C.;
Mug Chrtrir • CF. 44er.,1:
CASA II 1141.
After vet

To con,l
To-r.lorrou • l .Iyl lbw

THEATB
It Is respre!fatly ri
on

with a I.

In wttieb
AI!!
THE

11011

tin Toeslay. A Ct!rt
atvt A Itoteur. fre r.O UI
On Wollne.dey, .h, •
Hams for the tn,,t,s
offise. to front of the
Sta

ROY

The Proprietors TEA
which have received
the eutemenelerneut
'ERIS EVENING (FRI
su

DOOM open at *el

Tomorrow,
The Miracle' SE LIC
VL I
A grand heicleal Itu
Flight and Ruby
UNDER ERE II

Overture (Stinson.
Vs:lamas (Partiat--.1
sutra:" ;Mozart)•

Overture, Nun Po
dov (If isikop)—Mart.
{lt.fueltl•

14.11.—Mr.Puricis's
daring the Pomo.
The meenardeet poi
from one tal four tel
ex e g etten,bin
Overture to Lsclen
allowed to pewee: e p
&lid delicacy' ••• exl
kur,,pe. The Made
I ilght, jun.

The DRITIIIR PRI

I.OND(

The Count de
feat in the Chan)
ever. The what
around him as h
Paris speak of ft
and say that Chi
meat by others o
Prince Polignac
Court), the Dul
(the Reporter fe
as candidates fcr
the French Mini
of policy, but I
Firrt Minister;
such " rival new
tie Polignac are
succession to of
The Duke tie Mc
his veins; he is 4
motency, the c
Duke is a de ciao
lowed by the ws
of the same cast
it would appear
decline in the
has increased.
all the strepor
the great Nall
circle of violent
the Archbigboi
Grand Mister c
at the'sr head.
the Peers, who
a common Ole
in the Upper C
borne him trio
mater is known
with the views'
of finance, in
newt(' by him

auspices, we ea
that it will. IN
its justice. 'l'
where the real
was so tranquil
little exception
funtiholders at

wore iodepend
missal speaks f

net, and prom
64 manna! to I

Frankfort I'
last night. 1'
of the sudden
the Police of
hat been raisi
Ras unexpecu
a state prisons
Spangenburg,
meritorious pl
have been, tl
abused "Alasu
conspiracies
has fallen in
arrest bas g
Papers repeat
other Cangrei
city between
Tatischelf, a.

is authority-
ibex* coafere
szntative, it
briand. But

inxt, Where

03r reader+
published at .1
tens addressed
legit that a Alt
the title of " '
Hasse Cassel,
cared to be it
in this work,
sought among
As soon as the
rector of the

-- -- .-
- -
