tonna, oft free people to be so entirely envelope&
ut myste• y, 0, the aNers of Alaierica have bees. It
was not pri cap eatf the Washiagrou Admidbtrite
tion to tuc c.e, us iti such darkness as tins; fot
upue one ocooton only can` we remember that the
doors of Congreas were aver shut niore than for an
hour or two; we well recollect that even that cir
etItfI?..REICC was dunned unwholesome to the fiber.
Iles of the people.
Under thowimpreutions, ectuated as we most as
lerunly declare oureattyes to be, by eau CJ;istatil‘talrli
of liarty,inematirts, sod petrftlfl)lll ib.itist• of you, but
govevieed as we are by tint zeal lOr the prosperity
of our Cpuutry.su ill4.:.tl4lloent 111/011 its •rintohiejos to
maintain and preserve, we are eitibole7etsed to tla.
pest from yon, tilfr, ua the anpreine fttsgititrute of
our country, that deci.iort in your governmental
sphere. that 411411 prompt you to retrieve to the
country itevroseted free and eitirestrainesi.commerce;
and ..11 ,wstore to us that prospenttlei our mgri-
-4114011111114in"' •. • .0 I)oCallfiary to the poll-
Ilia builtl•tllf the great r the isetnei. Vt*e,
Jobe, Sir, declare to -you. that t't ie eer rever-
sal the constitution d. our country, No • " ••.e
0111 /maintain the diguity -mid support of it, we
sweet primient that lagislituirs, emanated from it,
Ole shall .tsike upon themselves so entirely the
y the people ; we view it as altogether
ding the rights they weredekgated to pre-
jaw ; and as we consider their guarthiniship no
iigekiptided by the fostering hand thatjihould
Cetn.the cnimluct, we lwlieve that the people
right now to direct them. We, therelOre,
with the decency becoming a nation of ntriiien,
}rave presumed to make known to sou our griet.
anees ; hoping, that at the meeting of your leg me-
lettere, if it lould lw econvoked earlier titan It is
already by low ettaldithed, you will, in the dittri-
butiou of your inegistered duty, noise to be laid
upon the table of Congress the following

BotangiwoThat we tawdrier the people of the railed
% It.o ~ to all rc.rity delegated to their ',lire.
that they here I right, in their individual
,to towable, an 1 .M 11,11.11 S their appo.ha-
= tine of the•InellIVIIKII atnanatitig front
daellturities.
libralZThat we view the whole passer of the embargo
Ire taohkeie, sod to its operation partial, ruinous, and en-
tirely Mal to the peace and senate of the ettaiitlry.
fleselorti-.-That we t•IIISIIIIII. the Deere' of France in No-
vroibrr, i. 44, as the peoicipal flume of the covntervailing
larder. of k:stglaud Ia Novetulirr, 1n..), sod that therefore we
Alone the tanaduct of wit (iol‘fitesteut indeeisive as related to
Apt am cosestry, taudiug to reluiquid. to her our rights, and
14101 ether tilled with an oier measure of cytoplasm, uut
d by our prtV;lol/1.1111114104441.
That we i ies with carcase concern an appa-
,
of fustian i.iflu,nce pervading our council, un-
Van af a iusgaanissous a..din4.pendeut people.
' 'WWI( dotal tat we view the iltetsiour of the late tua3cr-
by of .Castgrena as geuisd t... watch * witrcuttve direct...in.
Ilmd as LYS t horn (a .w itaitiwcao truly except...l) sat-
twirl, do. cud the.s:iy.
Reedlred...That se ...chew OUR the raising of as addition.
it array astaosedentent of oak typo() quite unocistalory, 40-
ll* It ...bpi/gentled asp anent one. laaaptuelt as that we
of—
•

ski of cuovory wihenever eallod us.
(Jo a tno.loll toeing ieuile to hove the foregoing
Address awl Hcwdutiutu puhl:shed for the mita-
Thatiou of the Freeholders of Augusta county.
berotre they should be acted tiro'', the question
being. put and carried in the allirinaive, It is re-
'piked that the printers in the town of Staunton
pithlivlo the same in their rest:we:tire paper+.
lehalved—That the freeholders of hair! corinty b- notified
• too tn.. t at the Court-litiow in manatee, on Thanolsy, the
• Oath day of the inehent month, prepared to art opus the said
addhale sod resolutions
RODENT PORTERFILLD, Chairman.
(A Copy from the original)
Tne following. Resolution was also agreed to:—
Resolved—That cc consider Charles f:ettirerierth Pinch-
' se", of South t:andion: and haft', Kies, of the state of
• plonr Tort, as proper nuns to be happened' as President end
'lrkihrtesidest of the halted States, Sic.

• PHILAMELPIIIA, urn'. If.
' OFFICERS OF MERCHANT SHIPS PETITION.
' Our reinter* will recollect, that, upwards of a
-• ago, n meeting of the Officeni of Ships be-
rg to this port, was called by public notified-
' At that meeting a Petition to the l'resident
• United States was agreed upon, and is Coin-
'r . appointed to present it. 1 he tollowing are
• geol. rilunkated to art as copies of the Petition sod
- lir. Jefferson's miniver :--
- .o's Motu .11 Jr tear, F. The.illent ef as Unica Tml„ .1
America.
THE PETITION
Of the Suiscribers, Officers of Merchant Ships, belonging to
the port of PbiLulelph.4 :
Roipeetfully *hewed',
That, in *race of the !wcwient FlabiUlfol Laws, the
situation of your retilwners ri grillroom and afflicting; that
they have bees engaged i., the mereaatile screws since their
Weary, with few excepii.ms, and accustoniert wily to con-
do/et ships or vessels across the oreau; that, from lie opera.
Irina oftt present fro.. • i lire I ailt li, they and theui•rts...,, cue
eili &Lou Coe,r io..tal eniplo)tnewts, and, tiettlUttl", the torahs
of soMmatemee DM gone.
'per Petitiuiscrs are will actinaiateil with the &tits of
Ilk a h I pl. films met to pert, well errs"! in naval
but orial.le to handle the hai row ur the ploieoi.
• Petitioners have for a long time horse, with patience,
tit
4111.4Plirallitisa, Variilast to those restrictive lass, withous
lIMPOr se eamtplaint ; hut, *ken imperious wieessity r•iiii-
ask MIMS ihr deices law cause u( their grietsurc4, they

I%wily imp*. Gay loft titilltp le 611'164mm ina
Yeoalthaustarc
ou* Poitssike m-a..,, that piper DOMleery will
taw Mbar ease into coushialiMat, ma adopt oath measures
} so will nilitste the wants of your PO.itioners; or, if there are
I tratellelti in the navy, to give. your Petitioners, or some of
tiara, an opportunity of arising thereto; as they that them-
' mires capable ut perforating arras/ of that nature. They,
I however, bubruit their slink case to sour consideratiou,
hurting your Luerllcary will adopt inch measure■ as simians
and Ostia may pant out, and on in duty humid -will peas,
I Itc.-•aaektiliutalpha, August to, 11105.

PRESIDENT'S ANSWER.
to the petition whirls you delivered lee
frost the °thesis of aserebant vessels bidoogiiig to Philadel
phia,l must pi midst my lasers rivet at the sacrifices which
oardellow-ciaraiss at groceal, at* the pelitiouera us particu-
lar, base Lures obliged to meet by the eiretinistaiieee of the
times. We. live in an age of aillietioa, to which the history
of uations retootrao brave fur yews been look-
ing uss Lure's., covered a ith Woodaadvioleitue, mid seen ra-
pine spreading it.. If over the octane. Oa Ibis element it boa
reached es; and at length iaaaaerbgas a &gee, that the Le-
gislature of the IlittioU coos tbibilfbt it accessary low ithilraw
uus calicos and property from it, either to avoid or to pre-
pare for engaging tu the general contest. But for this timely
Preesatioa, the petitioners and their property might now
hove been in the hauds of spoilers, who have laid aside all 't-
em.! to morn) r;silst. Withdrawing from the greater evil, a
keitr one loss been necessarily encountered, and certainly,
could the Legislature hate made movision against tics also,
1 should hats bid 4: at pleasure, as Site iostruanent lit us
etecuttou, but it wAs Impracticable, by any geoeval and jest
ruin, to preset ibs to every case the bust resource against the
jut-miscast:aces of this stew siltation. The difileulties of the
aims will certabils, fall with greater pressure on some deserip.
lion uf citirgna.thoi other., slid on none perhars with greater
tbauoa oar seafaring bretbssis. Should :illy mesas of elk-
station ccour ritbia the range of my duties, L shell oith ref,.
tastily salves t le the sktuntion ul the pet dustier*, sod it
avail-
lugthe tatiooff t hex services, them with a intim dote for
their former uecapatime. I salute them VUillilkif with
Ititumeals of sincere regard. TH. JLtFERSON.

WAISUINGTaN, OCT. 3.

Yesterdity the Presideut of the United States ar-
rived fom Monticello. Mr. Midthson, Secretary
of State; Mr. Gallatin, Secretary of the 'irtasuty ;
and Mr. Smith, Secretary of the Navy, arribed last
eset.ing.
_ _

NEW YORK, OCT; 7.
At a Town Meeting, legally warned and holden
at Lyine (Connecticut), this 19th day of Sep-

tern!wr, 160 a ;
RooAno Nl‘Cttov, Esq. Moderator;
Voted—That a Committee he appointed to prepare and
report a iltw dint to the Preaitkot of the Citited Stare,
re-
questing him to aurprotl the Laws imposing on Embargo,
prorated he is methylated by law; and also reeler/4in: him
to submit to Coiner; s the mermen of a repeal of the sane.
Votell-a•Tbst the Hon. Matthew Griswold, the Hue. Roger
fiehiwohl, and David F. Silt, Richard M'Curdy, and Galvin
&Asa, Laps. hr a Committee fir the purpose aforesaid.
On to mita, tin. meeting w.ei at:punted to the
inst. at two o'clock, p. w.; anti hawing Met
this .tLUIb day of September. tlO', ogreeahly to
adlentranii.nt, the Committee wade the folionin;
hooort, If.t.
To ?U ritgaiDzwi OF THE UNITED STATES.
Th• 31amortal of the lababitaan u( the Town of Ls me
(Clow.) 1u lard tows-toasting assembled, respecituny

_ .
represents, - - -
Shot liohiteteeed to respect the 15.., tad ie Bing the ne-
cessity of their execution, we have sulnuitted to the lows ino
-}sing Sarnbgeg", without pahlie coniplaint. But thee ni-
resesisents produced by that measure havisig comitautly
isceveobalroce its adoption, and Lariat weir betosse runabout
ils mar Nit-rests, we are tattered to retreat a re.cossideraCkiii
of it, mail that Use laws imposing an einlmego mew is IMF
isoded,if the power greater the Pinkies. fur that purpose
car be ti ally infested ; sod that the ferret dprebtary
me I,eimehterif oeheoittiog to CIIIIVCINI theekooemeite- of its
1114Tteolle way II see bees the Alecto fur whirl' the embargo
was 'aspired, it appears to be generally aadessiuod that it
IMO rreelosed so public begat. It is tint penevered that it
has either eeeepoileitithe ortioor of hart*, he rescind their
eitt=ydateteee sod olden, or iodated them to respect
I
Sit pea& rights. The gri at, and indeed the
salty tupelo* eilFoet which the measure appears to hove
t produced, hie Irma ire oseselves. Business has hem' stag-
' satol--asary of 11111 r merchants have been riiiiiest-2 mime-
! Tow. Mess of meehesice cooseetea with ship-building hale
bee., limn mot of eespioreest--and the farmer Suds his
*tope rotlial epee ha Made without a market. Nor is it
sawn the kw et the twilit, that great ',umbers of our sea-
ts have bees Marvelled to seek their tweed in foreign set.
vice, tor the a apt of employment at home 3 and the motion
has thus hut the power of commending the reerieee of that
important class uf men in times of danger. Serious as these
sills are, we should ant however complaiu, could we be sa-
tisfied that any thin{ in our situation required that they
oreaki be ebritiossed. Bat exprienee having (ea we thiuk)
sheens, that no rialto' benefit CAM I.e expected; and it
being a priociple well understood, that the liaised* atteud-
Mg trade are the proper imlbjects of mercantile, cud not of
legislative eslenlatima, we cannot thick it jest that a law
should be coutittued, which really finds ma metier but those
it was inteaded in protect.
We are tome that commerce may be aria sailed to de-
predation ; but an ruin,' go surely CIIIIIIIK be the proper re-
medy fur the evil. The rights of sutra' trade are certain,
and cannot be secured by being sheadused. The path of
softly is that of brium, and the hest merrily fur peace, sad
the rights which belong to it, is IS preparation for war. The
indium that permits importast rights to he wt • sled from its
hands without rev:wanes, invites aggression; and the spi-
rit a liii li v...ti yield the eight to navigate the mesa, is pra-
pared to give up the dominion of the land.
lliahly es we approve of the disposition of our Govern.
meat to cultivate peace with all mations, we are satisfied that
dermicoce ought not to he placed bra the justice or gene-
rosity of any. The nation that renders itself formidable, be.
eJaues secure. And situated as the Visited States ate, in the
neighbourhood sir the rich colones aid commerec of Europe,
with a meat aid increasing maladies, aid great resources
for naval and nitlitai y equipments, the world may be taught
to teepee, cur power, although Preece sad Eaglaud have
disregarded oar rights.
Although we do at preseme to give aa exposition to the
law which 11311 delegated to the President the power to sac.
peed the embargo, yet we eaanot forbear to remark, that that
recent crests in Spain and Portugal have materially changed
the Ake of nurope, and, in our opinion, ipelicil a ire
field for political cakulatious and turreantile enterprise.—
II is frac, that all the circumstances aneading the 'molest
hare cut bees explained—but enough Mu been known I. sa-
tisfy the amid, that Spaiu cod Portugal arc struggling for
soden/ink ace, and arc endeavouring to resist the yoke whorh
tyrsimy and moti:thes aro endear/oaring to impose sit them.
Etinagh has also been known to satisfy the Americas WOO',
that Spion iv fighting the battles of the Unite., Slates, and
that by ilk, corailbt the T) runt, who, by perfidy lies roblorl
swim of her King and ancient (;overusomat, anal whose am-
lit- hay already imposed chains on a great part of the ton.
lineal of Furor' is prevented from obtainiug a foutiag on
mar fee:dire. ('Oder such circumstances, the people of this
smeary 113t114 feel a stronger interest in the contest, than can
arise fruits the , lesire of commercial profit, and must look with
inipatii Lice to the tame, when they may be permitted to culti-
vate again the friendly interrourse of commerce with that
eimistry. Many "fthc productions of the United States, and
which are now useless to ourselves, moist be wanted to oapply
'the people and armies of Spain, and may uniiwilitolly lie elite-
pet with equal advantage_ to both cesstriee. It is also in
oar optinui.s a neuter deserviug of maims conoideratious,

that whatever may be the issue of the fastest in Europe, the
011( eras of the en:notes is almost certain. And it is awl im-
probable, that the consulsoma which now aviate w many
natives, may product, as entire separation of America from
the old world. The importance of each as erent to the
t'aitcil States, is ulisiutts, and we entirtain nu dnuht la.( that
time true iota-rests of vita euvatry requires that the immeacat

memsot alioula its seised, for speuing the meat frlemilly
commercial intercourse-hit% Spaunb col elite.
We have tints eouctrety stated 'owe .of the effects aleklit
are conceive beer been pnameed by the Embargo, together
with a few of the many considerations which is our opitunor
call for a suaprneiw. and repeal of the law. We do not
doubt that the subject will receive all that consideration
which its importance deserves; and a• confidently trait,
that the rent. cilia on trade, of which wecutnplau., well
Ppredily removed, and that our cuuutry will regain ins for-
mer activity, and loregate
Voted, That the foregoing Iteport of the Committee be ap-
proved and accepted, and that the select men I
to Ingo the cave, and ti %moult a cup) thereof to the
dent of the United States.

A true copy of Record,
Attcbt DAVID P. SILL, Clerk.
N EN'•YOBY, KEPT.

The brig Holkar, arrived at this post on Satur-
day, ha, lifote,glit late Paper; from New Orleans.—
Governor I:, leli has i,,acd a limelamutiou-to the
people of Florida, deck favour of Ferdi-
nand V 11. it is couched in the most energetic
language, and breathes a spirit of etc most deter-
mined hostility to Bonaparte. We observe, in
all the Addresses to the Patriots, that religion forms
a principal proportion of the contents.
In Mexico, a similar spirit prevails. The cor-
poration have offered 14,00:4000 of dollars, us a
present to the Petriots.m.for the purpose of aiding
them in currying on the war against France.
'OCT. 7.
Mr. Baker, the messenger, who went to Enlace
is the ,St. Michael, with dispatches. from our go-
vernment, Ives returned in the ship America, which
arrived in Philadelphia on Sunday last. Mr. Baker
landed at Newcastle, and immediutely proceeded to
Washimiton. • OCT. 10.

Captain Petersen, of the schooner Fame, from
Itimore, informs tic that on Wednesday morning
he saw the 'Kix Si. Michael, at New Point Cumfot.
she had arrived tt.ere from France un the preceding
evening. The Messenger iinftediately lauded with
the dispatches, which are represented ss being ila•
cific, went on a little to New York, and proceeded
next morning for the seat of Government.
Among the measures that thew the declining in-
fluence of Jefferson, the election of Members of
Congress is the most decisive. New York has
exchanged six of her Jefferson ian representa-
tives for Federalists; New Hampshire, five : Rhode
Island, two ; North Carolina, four at least. Here
are seventeen of the President's machines, for mak-
ing non-importation and embargo laws, building a
gun-boat navy, and supplying France with money,
under the pretext of purchaser—seventeen gone
over the dam already. This ehnnge will make a
difference of thirty-four votes in Congress, when any
of Bonaparte's measures arc again sent to them fur
adoption.—(B. Ga:ettc.)
From The Winchester Virginia Gazette of Sep-
tember 6:

" C;vnera! Vavasseur, late of the French artily,
arrived in town severwl days since.—We are inform-
ed that this gentleman, unt entering. so cordially
into the views (if its.. Emperor Napoleon, as suited
the purposes of tAal pia/ratan, was ohli;,•ed to seek
his safety by suddenly raking his passage at Hans-
burgh for America. The getzerul is represented
to us by gentlemen who have conversed with him,
as u 13lU of talents and incorniutioa."

Tie Marquis Yukio, late Minister of Hk rotho-
lic Majesty to the United States, tuideolunt I Burr,
it is stated, arrived at Comma M Spain, some
time in July.—(lY4sk Fed.)
A letter dated the 281 of August, from a Gen-
tleman in tlevanne, to his correspondent in Balti-
more, gives the following important information :
—At a ineoting of the Junta, Governor and Coun-
cil, they deliberated about shutting the port against
the American trade; and such a measure was
nearly agreed te. It was generally supposed that
the ports on the Spanish Mllll, as well us in the
Islands, would ere long be closed against the Ame-
ricans. OCT. 12.

Mr. Nourse, the Messenger, reached W;111177,-
ton on Friday night. Nothing has yet transpired
from the Government paper of the nature of the
dispatches received by hint from England and
France.

OCT. 22.

A thousand idle rumours have been inCircula-
bon relative to the British packet. In the uhseuce
of Captain Decatur, who it at Philadelphia, one
•f the Officers of the Chesapeake boarded the pac-
ket, and asked her fur her clearances ; us packets
never have clearances. Captain Hanultuo, of course,
could not gratify him. lie then wanted to see
Captain Hamilton's credentials, which were refused,
as it was au unprecedented 4dem+u►d. The packet
was anchored along-side the Chesapeake, and the
Captain returned to town to receive the advice of
the aritish Consul.

We understand the packet has received per-
mission to proceed., but the wind being a-head, she
remained at Staten Island last evening.
Yesterday, the gun-boat, No. 500, came up
from the British packet, with fifteen millions
of dollars, which were found on board ; it is said,
and there is great probability in the report, that
this money is ordered back to the vessel from
which it was taken, as it has been discovered that
the shove sum was put on board, ass present from
our Government to the Spanish Patriots, to assist
them in their God-like struggle against the ty-
rant of the world.

This noble act, it is to UP hOped. will for ever do
away the idea of o•►r adn►uiiatration being partial
to Napoleon.
N.H. Since writing the above, we hear that two
millions more hare heel) found concealed in the
packet's water closet.

HALIFAX. '4ll}o. 19.
Yesterday seventy-nine Spaniards (late pm:osiers
of 'tar) sailed in the bias, transport, for Havanna'.
They appeared extremely grateful and happy on
the occasion. The following note had been pre-
•iourly addressed to them, end had effectually pre-
►ented any riot or disturbance:—

" Aar. it, tans.
" SPA N I .4.11DF•1 announce to yen the joyone news of
peace between your nation, and that of Cent Britain, and
that we are now united in one cause ; that of driving
from your country the iisurprr and ty runt of mankind, Bo-
naparte, who has ensnared your king, and attempted to plate
on your shoulders the yoke of slavery.
" On Pd•otday, you will bare your liberty, and a vessel
furnished to carry you to your a Ives and L•10i143, and to the
support of your brethern in arms.
" I command you, however, not to commit acts of tint,
with year fellow misusers (Freweirmen) hut conduct Boer_-
selvi s with that &levity and moderstionf.ii which the ftwarioth
nation bas ever beta famed. " JOHN MA CKKLIAR,
" Agent for ?mann of war."

.THE BIUTISH PRESS,

'AN DON,
THIMSDA Y. Pithaissia

By the Lord Hobert packet, arrived at Fol.
from Jimenez., we hare teeeistd ?so
York rivers to tile lath Oct otter. Sie lad 4(4,
however, leave the imust until the tail), 16,vir
been deimined h.n 41:lys oil New York, he cuse
otteher or some mistake respecting clear • •-•
which, until explained, appears to have vacs(
some anxiety. Tie packet had on board a snot,
mounting to fatten millions of dollars, maid to lis*
pr sent from the Gove:iiment Girdle Milted Soitts
the Spanish Patriot.. This present lies bteu hos•tril,
o„, or the American Pitor:s, arm roof of thermic),
of those %rim cuarged Mr. JLFEERII9O4 with curb,,,
litv to France. As further evidence: of as exisierrs,
we find that the Ileads of Government vii t
ingtoti, on the ad hut, when. it is rummsed by
some. that the issuing of this money was Liken iur
consideration ; but we cannot !hill that Jerrra,
sox could or would consent to the disposal of so
large a sum for such a purpose; and it is inc 1..
probable, that the meeting was held to arrsc.,
the business of the Session of Congress, tit
opening of which was Geed for the 7th intorno.
We also find, from a New York paper of the undi''t
of September, that the city of Mexico had prupokA
a present of about the cline sum to the Spaaiiin
Patriots ; and, perhaps, it is this money that him
been trutismitted by -the Lord Hubert. The cla-
mour and discontent iigui :at the embargo wort
creasing. We have given some public Addresies
on this subject, expressive of this feeling. The
elections are going on with ainrit, and, fres
the result, sn far as it has been yet escertaitud,
JIFFERBON appears to be losing ground.

The latest intelligence from Spain that has tole-
spired and can he relied upon, is of the 12th, hioa
Gijon, containing accounts from General AliCs
army to the morning of the 6:11. We are thus
nearly three weeks without any news from the thea-
tre of war: This chasm, under the present circuit.
stances, must produce more than common anxtoy,
us BLAKE is understood to hare meditated an Da-
mediate attack upon the French, mar Bilhos.-1:
is now generally believed that the reports n
stated that such attack had actually taken place,
and had proved successfel, were without fomels.
tion. A Gentleman of the num2 of Ilormasos.
from Spain, we understand, states, that after
the attack made by 111.1111 LL, ou the sth, urea
the column that had attempted to cut off part of
his army on the heights of Ontara, he was himw!f
attacked on the neat (hey by the enemy, and, itfttf
a sharp action, forced to foil back two leagues 1.--
hind Veiniest/alai The enemy followed his na,
and Gen. BLics, unwilling to hazard a neutral
battle, retreated about six leagues from Velma-
seda.—These movements are stated to hare taken
place between the 6th and nth, with the less of
seine hundreds- of men on the pert of the Spa-
The greatest lofts they sustained is said te
hare been on the nth, when the Spaniards retreated
to a very woody position, in which they thought
themselves secure against the French cavalry; but
they were driven from this place, and considerably
dispersed ; they rallied however afterwards, col-
lected the troops that had been dispersed, and on
the flat occupied a position made strong both Ly
art and nature at Reynosa.-11Lastes force at Rey-
nowt
.is estimated at t B,OOU men.

Of Castanua' reported defeat there iv no c.v..
titer account. The Eltretuadura army iv said to
have reached Burgos, an 4 the French are rtintonKvi
to have evacuated Barcelona, and to have retired t I
Fort Moujui.

There is no stilijeet of discussion or of inqui7,
at the prevent nioniet,t, that can excite so lively su
interest, or awaken so touch anxious solicitude, as
the question whether BONAPAILTE will, or will uol,
penetrate to Madrid ? Those persons, who. from a
variety of sources and channels. possess the hem:

means of appreciating his diameter, and forming au
estimate of his line of action, frilly believe that he
W able to carry into execution leis menace. Theme
we by no means coincide with them in that senti-
ment, yet we shall state, in few words, the ground
and basis of their opinions. It mull be owned, thee,
if not •ouviuciug, they are specious and plausible.
a BON APARTII," say they, is not actuated
merely by an iissatiable thirst of dominion and wt•
I)o9intfta power, iu his present attack of Spein.—w
It is in him the combined result of reflexion, s)s•
ten, and necessity. Ile know. limit though he lies
contrived to cover his usurpation of the P..cnct.
Crown, with the mantle of Royalty, and thongb.
by assuming the title of Emperor, he hopes to obli-
terate the recollection of the French !fangs ;
that he is, and ever will reinsin, an Usurper, in tl:e
opinion of the ancient reigning dynasties. flu
finds himself, therefore, compelled to overterii
those fmniliee in his ace revolatinna-y lan-
gusge, sto regenerate Eerope, on his new and
sublime conceptions.' Has he not already more
than half accomplished this plea ? Dn we not see
the Louis, Janomc, and Ju•t:HIM Napokoss.
planted• in Holland, Germaly, and Italy ? Ile
a ill, in due time, esti;c4ll4 A liNtriA. Prussia only
exists, by his sufferance-, for a few yenrs. Deo-

otpailertluo the secrady oleo strop pit tic; Sipe tattetaistat
b. dielger froW tiiiwatt •64 thris sof, arirthat dpmer,
we du oot euswider eta fitti•a•zoki Inca AM's"; L°01,4431411
port ewes of the toilitur. streattti tteewaary for delkure.
Reenhertipw•Tbet we mew owls a repetttion and fretrnmey
te.astret eseasteaiicatioesdrolt the Presi(sat t 4 bath Homo
',Congress ps daagesupe sad Sweeper, sod that garb 6c-
stt dehbr"lit)ll6 of Chet //04V, to Mt"' Caiteieve. are
lattelati r with the spirit or our Colutitutten, and the
bbeetke el thu prop and thut threat*. thew es& to
be &stem ' aim swartail to bat upon the meet sa-
otalreab.. oceetteas
Re I.llT)t4a "me view with Pt* oldrarresee the Waft-
ours 2,4 PeesoeoMpscitiPm of Yosgs Kanto the pew.
en of larepswowe tWuk set Cantrousent skould be ecru.
I wet Se comotaance, directly v. indirectly,
r4aelarCerf.oorwitebetiaig seenserse; and we cousider the
olotheabet oar Waspasor tisupd. mop toottitias sad epores-
OW.
assoksvd-alut o Ilnd p lively ietenrat in the ounces
41(0.111,118, t• retrieve her Lot power and eduisivieriice is a so-
; sod duet we committee ltabsslstele proper' that firer Go.
leveromeat phslild onset Rey Roo her ; emeriti(
t bar so we do) sot arrbellarep, t loyal people, &Wows to
mow! sod *Job. how: sad coaraquenes .moo:
petitea, sad ilattag for Oat 4441 Übertio of their country
Ein.ax.oper sad fureigu tyrant.
• That wittiest pa open eastorret for the met-
er tbe (Yoked Seats, we etaioteily contemplate the
entire sloonfel uf tbe curnmenity, end that bankruptcy and
cord war irtti Anse ; we view it therefory to lailtbe bounden
duty of Coegersa tit rope. : the Embargo .4et, and us ter le-
ts the 'es-wound chamois of commercial reputations
(wit verb of the borers of Elinor.' will treat with W Ito-
uourribly) as skein 11101•1111 le 111, that greet bkating.
itoolvells- that we *ill sapient tits ties bower sad dig-
sky of the citatory alit %lever eallailuo.
