plAol6=4ii*;-,

their Majesties returned to the capital this
jog fro* San Ildefonso. The troops of the

ilia lid the national militia were drawn out to line
imilitamta, from the gate of St. Vincent. The im- '
Wise mord which had assembled to witness his
Majest)•s entrance, and the loud demonstrations of
the joy of the citizens at seeing their risiereign
among them, rendered this event more interesting
sod brilliant.
His Majesty has been pleased to confer oo Briga-
dier-General Dun Joseph Martinez de Sao Martin
the office of Superior Political Chief of the province
of Madrid, which he has held ad interim. in coml.
sideration of his merit and services, and of the zeal
and energy which he has displayed in executing the
functions of this office.
CORTES.
FIRST PREPARATORY SITTING,

srelreissee 4.
The sitting beinopened uttgeven o'clock, Senor
C.alutrsviir President tithe Permanent Deputation,
proinauneed the following discourse
Geutlemen—The Permanent Deputation par-
ticipates, in the highest degree. in the joy which
this day ainiustes all good Spaniards, at seeing the
illustrious Representatives of the nation again as-
sembled in ibis sagest place, to gather new laurels
in the career of liberty and glory.
" The paternal solicitude of the King, confor-
mably to his generous sentiments, has promoted
the convocation of the Extraordinary Cortes, the
affairs of which you are already informed are
so interesting to the public welfare ; and in propor-
tMo as Isis M4jesty ha. acquired new claims to the
love and gratitude of the heroic people Soot' he
governs, the most sacred duty is imposed epos
at not to avoid ■ny sacrifice or exertion to iorre-
spond with such honourable confideoce.
" The enemies of the liberty of nations will be
again undeceived by the sincere: union of a Modem)]
with his subjects, and by the order and tranquillity
with which we meet for the third time.
" In the three mouths that have intervened, the
constitutional system hes proceeded in its majestic
march, and all the artifices of the favourers of des-
potism, within and without the kingdom, have
been •sable to turn it aside. If there have been
some postal oscillations, they are either such as are
only a sign of health iu free people, or they hare
served, as they have always done, while the mad&
nations of a few were disappointed, to shew with
greater splendour the rectitude, the wisdom, and
the love of public order, which characterise truer,
Spaniards. Let us congratulate ourselves, Gen-11
tlemen, and give thanks to Divine Providence which',
confers on us so many blessings ; and let us pro-
ceed to discharge our functions to the advantage o
this country, which is so worthy of being happy.
spite of those who would wish to see it torn by civil
war and anarchy. To the services which you have:
done the King and the country in the two last Ses-
sions, you are going to add others in the present,
which opens an ample field to your talents and
your virtues. You have performed- much, but
much st,ll remains—Europe has its eye on you.
The Spanish nation, which has confided its destinies
to you, hope every thing from you, and this hope
Must not be disappointed ; no, it will not be dig-
sppointed ! You have in your hands the only means
capable of releasing it, sod no difficulty or labour
will be able to check you.
" Complete your work, then, respectable Legislu.
tors, and always bear in mind that, besides the fate of
our fellow-citizens, the credit of liberal institutions,
and the causb of humanity, in a great measure de•
pend upon you."
After this speech was ended, the usual formalities
were entered upon as prescribed by the constitu•
lion, the list of the Members read,
Senors Geraldo, Ztpata. Cristo, Gasro, arid
Murfi, were appointed, by ballot, to form the
Committee of Powers.

Messrs. Sancho and Espeleta presented the fol.
lowing proposition :
" It being provided by the Decree of 'larch 92,
1820, that the substitutes of the Transmatine Pic•
viuces hall exercise the functions of Deputies till
the Deputies themselves arrive, we request that the
preparatory Junta may declare from what provinces
the Deputies had been able to come."

Referred to the Committee of Powers just men•
tioned.

The President signified that as the la•t prepara-
tory sitting was to be on the 441 h , it was absolutely
necessary to hold a second to-morrow the 93(1.
SECOND PREPARATORY SITTING,
116PTLIAB6it It 3.

The opinion of the Committee of Powers teepee,.
ing the proposition of Mrsstr. S,uciM, Mobcoss,
and &veleta, wei reed, which was i • substance,
that considering the length of time which ha. elaioeil
since notice tows sent to the piovinces of America
that they should send Deputies to the Cortes, they
might have arrived from all of them except fir..
the Philippines; on account of their hrester
djs-
lance; and the Connuntite concluded by observing
that there was no official notice in the office of •the
Secretary of the Colonies, that the Constitution
had been even sworn to iu Lima or in c"...ibi;' ibutch

_.-

electiodi o< Deputiri4Wrill, taut place in
provinees.
long debate mowed, anaßenot Ramtho hawing
that no sebatitatreshielel'Velidtlfrto act as
downbeat of the Philippians, Parr,
reed te--111
iradirtetrhbitpria ed with resret• *h./
/Cuba. * Serranain es.
The semen% from hareitifilia to the MN-Oen'
that the contagion was iticrendig in the
netts.. 10 the Lazaretto there Kad bees two deaths
on the 14th, 126, and 13th, sod no new cases. Tits
other patients (only font in numbs') bud left the
Ls Ito, which was.laits empty on the 1-4th, ins
the morning. In the houseof the Vice Queen, the
number of sick had increased from ten to twenty.
two. There had been flee death., two-cured, sad
nineteen new cases in the three data.
BARCECONETTA.
itmeisin. New Cava. 11•21"
Ilth Sept..... 62 .. 23
11th ..... 70
13th
?It!'
Oats 4 have bees cured.
The bands of Roe and taldivar still 'continue
their depredations. There hirs been a severe action
with the latter, which s said le bine consisted of
above seventy mei, who kept up a brisk fire on
the troops. Stz t the talten prisoners, with some
horse*, and the rust dispersed.—j Papers.
Septensber 44.)

Latex, sErremaga t 5.
There are in the course of our byes happy situa-
tions in which the heart of man seems to groan an.
'der the weight of the satisfaction which he feels,
while a delicious delirium at the same time leaves
the mind as it were without the 'amity of ex-
pressing the felicity which it enjoy,. Such was oat
situation on the share we took on this happy day in
the general sane 'on, and such without doubt ,
was that of all the
farherom
' inhabitants of this capi.
lel ; such the impression on the minds of all men,
'of whatever nation they may be, who felt the dig-
'nity of their nghts, and who were witnesses of the
etithissiasin with which this ao•picious day was so.
leinnited. Auspicious and happy dry, in which
patriotism, reason), and honour, moved the worthy..
military of this city to follow time example of their
brave comrades in the immortal city of Oporto, the
deserving champions of our liberties, tie-tiseciate
themselves with the first authors of our pelisical
regeneration. Happy diy, on which such • treble
sentiments consolidated the great work, driving
away frightful despotism, and planting the majestic
tree of liberty, which was watered only by tears of
pleasure, and which no drop of blood has defiled; a
day on which the noblest revolution recorded in
history was accomplished, and which a year ago ex-
cited the admiration of all Eurore.
there follow very long accounts of the various
:demoustrations of the public joy, and the cerenso.
'sties observed on the occasion.]
The crowds of spectators were immense, in whose
-pireseate the King, surrounded by the Clergy and
by the Senate (which took on itself the direction
and expense of the festival), laid the first stone of
the mouunient which is to be erected in the Rixio,.
to give a grand lesson to posterity, and to announce
to it the 'epoch when the Portuguese nation rose
from unmerited slavery to liberty, and to the legi-
timate exercise of its impre•criptible rights. The
numerous troops assembled on the occasion, under
General Sepulveda, made. most splendid appear-
ance, After the ceremony of laying the stone was
over, and the King was retiring, the troops tired a
general salute, accompanied by the acclamations of
the people, and three distinct Vicar to the Constitu-
tional King, in the Cortes, and to the Constitution.
The troops afterwards passed in parade before the
veranda of the Palace, where his Majesty stood.
s
The troops amounted to 8,000 men. General
Sepulveda and his Stag then went to the Palace to
pay their respects to the King.
A splendid entertainment, at which above 400
persons were present, was celebrated by the citi-
zens, at which the following toasts were given :

I. The Sovereignty of the Nation established *a the nie-
tuneable 15th September.

2. The Sovereign NatietsalCoweress.
3. The Constitutional Ktog.
4 Our Trniesninrine Brethren.
5. The always loyal armless( the fees Portuguese nation.

6. The Portuguese litho Oche Death toSimery.
7. All the Founders of this great day, and the Patriotic
Societies which are to create the imitators of their valour.
All these toasts, especially the 6th, were received
with loud apl•lause. On this toast being given,
pattinti.iu teemed to animate every countenance.
01ily on one of the company the efforts of so grate.
lul an impression manifested theiuselves in a singular,
manlier, he remaining immoveable, while the rest
4 f the couipany, though preserving the strictest
decorum, gave a lose to their transports. It is
I)retesieled that the singular attitude and immo-
bility of the illustrious guest, was the effect of the
violent impression made on hint by the testimonies
of these heroic sentiments; and we take pleasure
in believing it, because it would be a calamity if
' in such a meeting there was one individual who did
Wet ruseitAin the noble sentiments with which all

sere animated.
The *hole city was illuminated, and the streets
utrrt ervwd.tl through the night.
The Omen heir been engaged in discursitig vs.
tieri4g fitsetictsliirs rrlitive t4t itxtgovernment of the
ft • time' duiniLiour.-441thon Papers to e3d

ft 4. • a:. •

,
• arTeSs From the troops ollittra and ,
.IN+; of elec
the retreated fifty leagues to the 'those prowl
north: eoillhode ,/Filer 'roving sloes broken A long
sett fray, in which he had loot 1;600 oen, it moved Ow
owl
wasimeaally thought that San Martin 'Mid Deputise.
regal." and CAN
