F OIL OE ROSS.

On Monday last, died, at his a;•artments at the
West End of the Town, LAVILENCL H W PAR..
sops, Earl of Ross, Viscount Osmantown, and
Baron Oxmantown. His Lordship married Lady
Saws Ks iso, eldest daughter of the first Earl of
Ltsosrow, by whom he has left one daughter, who
is married to Lord Esats, the nephew of the
Countess, and who now inherits the immense for-
tune, real and personal, of her late father. The title
devolves to Sir LAVIttIICT PAR4ONS, Ban. the Earl's
nephew, now Earl of Ran. The deceased Noble-
sse& will be keg regretted by his family, tenantry,
and friends. He was of a retired disposition, and
great improver, and lived in the most princely stile
is Ireland. His equipages, horses, and liveries,
were always most magnificent. His Lordship bad
only just arrived in town, from Ireland, to attend
his Parliamentary duty, and was accompanied only
by his servants. His Lordship was otte of the Re-
presentative Peers for Ireland.

Yesterday morning, His Mammy, Princesses
&PRI A and AMILLIA, &c. took an airing on horse-
back, in Windsor Park. tier Ma) air If Princesses
ks.izaarra and MART, took an airing in a ba-
rouche to Englefield Green, &c.
A Punster hearing that Sheriff Milts had lately
received the bonnie of Knighthood, observed, that
it was natural to expe& tbsys at this time of the
year s but that M make a agar of Aides was an ex-
tension quite out of season.
Messrs. Quick and Moron are in treaty with
Mr. Warsost, the Manager of the Cheltenham
Theatre; and Mrs. L sw, a lady of some theatrical
celebrity, from Belfast, is en.; ;Aged.
Miss Baisrow took Mss Sr/. NI. IC'S place, in Ma
r.ler GiOlt, last night, and appeared to great ad-
vantage.
The sending of Lord 31,1,,ne,s to Ireland, is no
doubt a proof of the of the present Ml-
sisters.

Mrs. SIDDONS IS prevented from appearing be-
Inn the public, this night, in the part of Mrs. Be.
wrier/. by the death of her mother, Mrs. IC ow es s.
Tle Haunted Tower and The Wood Daewoo, at
Drury-lane Theatre, were last night most nume-
rously attended.
A Paper of yesterday says, that at the Marchio-
ness of A Rumour's party, on Thursday night. is
St. James's•square, 4. her Ladyship's vat of Ammar,
an immensely -large Ottoman, called a woolsack, was
covered with a rich chintz of a Grecian pattern."
Thursday, being St. George's Day, the Society of
Antiquaries met et their apartments in Somerset.
place, in pursuance of their Statutes and Charter
of Incorporation, to cleft A President, Council, and
Officers of the Society, for the year ensuing. The
Society afterwards dined together at the Crown
and Anchor Tavern, in the Strand.

Thursday night, in the midst of a grand pie
given by Mrs.W. PLIkl a, in Montague-square, the
curtains of the front drawing-room took the, and
created the greatest alarm, as the room was full of
ladies. The confusion and shrieks were great.
Fortunately. Capt. M•Nev, of the Navy, rushed to
the spot, and, by tearing down the flaming drapery,
stepped the conlagration.
Day after day do the 101. Prizes, in the present
Lottery. enable their holders, with a little addition,
to stand in the same situation in which they started
at the commencement of the drawing—namely, that
of possessing chances to gain both the fixed and
floating great Capitals ; every one of the latter, in
particular, being still in the wheel. This un-
common lvantage will be experienced again on Sa-
turday meat, when another princely Prize of 50,0001
will sows the First.drawn Number, and every
odor rosiaabar, throughout the day, prove a rsiac.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF SING'S BLNcH, Wcsrmatasse, Aram 24.

Edward Juice was brought up for judgment.
having been convicted, under an inf irmation filed
by the Attorney•Genetal, for obstruainz and as•
saulting two Officers of the Revenue, in the dig.
charge of their duty.
The Court sentenced him to eight months' impri-
sonment, in Maidstone Gaol.
Thomas Oleg& was als3 brought up for judg-
ment, being cencicrei of having unlawfully in his
possession, a quantity of naval stores, belonging to
the King.
He was sentenced to one month's imprisonment
in the Gaol of Maidstone; and, during that pe-
riod, to stand in the pillory, between 12 and 2
o'clock in the afternoon, on a market day, in the
town of Rochester.
itußizuGti OF THETFORD.
The Avroari ev•Geic tam. moved for leave to
file a Criminal Information, in the nature of a (1119
Warraisto, against Mr. Thomas Wether Gill, eallii!g
upon him to thew by what authority he exercised
the privilege of a Capital Burgess of this Ern ough
This was moved upon an aff:Javit, stating, that
Mr. Gill as one of the persons who were in the
minority of votes upon the election, as stated upon
a forme* application. but whom the Mayor thought
proper to swear in.concezeing that lie was go:chief,
in preference to oth,r persons. who had the majority
of votes, being of tie con.anonalty, while the others
were only inhabitants.
Mr. Putts* moved for a similar rule against
Mr. Purr, upon the same grounds.
Mr.Wi LSON also moved for a sinsilsw rule against
Mr. James Theodorick, to spew cause why he rant-
cited the (Ace of Burgess, having been one of the
persons elected. without any previous summons
being issued to the seleiEt body, composed of the
Mayor, Recorder, and Coroner of the Borough of
Thetford, contrat y to the Charter.
The Court granted the usual rules in aU these
cues. •

SN AST, Qui Tam, 0. SMITH.
Mr. GA atiow moved for a Rule in ti.!‘ c ice, for
Mr. Rush wcrth (not Rusbforth, as be:ol e erro-
neously stated) to answer the matters of an affidavit.
This application was similar to that moved
against the same Gentleman. mentioned in our
Paper of Thursday last. The aftion being nomi-
nall; :nought by Snort, who swore be had nothing
say to it. but Mr. Rushworth requested to use
his name.—Kule granted.

DUBLIN. API I L 40

CATHOLIC MEETING OF SATURDAY'.
(Col,Hoded.)

Mr. Idessav, Mr. O'Goausts, and Mr. MA.
now, thought that the Catholics should not sacri-
fice priori.* to expediency ; and, therefore, the
former of t h s • Gentlemen moved the Question et
Adjouinmen., or, in other words, a recommenda-
tion no proceed with the Petition.
Their arguments were answered in a most lumi-
nous, liberals and manly speech, by Mr. (Moons t.,
in the course of which he took occasion to pour
forth the most animated strain of g. atiiude to His
present Majesty, during whose benignant reign the
most galling of the Penal Statutes wa. repealed.
The speech of this gentleman afforded evidently
relief to the small minority. On the question be.
ing put, however, the original motion was carried,
with the dissenting voice of Mr. O'Gorman only.
It was then moved by Mr. K gong, " That a
Committee be appointed to prepare ac Address to
their Protestant Brethren, explanatury of the views
and principles of the Catholic Body."—The Motion
was carried.

An Address of gratitude and thanks to his Grace
the Duke of Bealord, was moved and carried.

Lord Fingal having left the Chair, and Sir Tho•
mas Esmond being called to it, the thanks of the
Catholics of Ireland were returned to his Lordship.

The meeting then adjourned, sine die. •
Yesterday, his Grace the Duke of Richmond ar-
rived from England. His Grace the Duke of Bed-
ford met him at the Pigeon-house.and accompanied
him to the Castle, where the usual oaths were admi-
nistered, previous to his assuming the Administra-
tion of this country. There was a Levee immedi-
ately afterwards. The different regiments on Dub-
lin duty received his Grace with presented arms,
in the various streets through which he passed on
his way to the Castle.
His Grace the Duke of Bedford will have a Levee
to-morrow, previous to his departure lei England.
The Right Hon. W. Pluuket is arrived in this
city from England.
Lord Donoughmore has resigned his situation as
one of the Joint-Postmasters General of Ireland; ru-
mour has appointed many successors to his Lordship,
but, we believe, as yet without any certainty.
The fund of the King's, or Blue-Coat Hospital,
in Oxmantown-green, will. we are happy to hear, la •
prime* an is eeeese of $OOl. per ann. after the first
of May next ensuing $ and by the fine of the High
Sheriffs Heft, for the City of Dublin, J ohn Claudius
Beresford, and Henry Charles Sirr, Esqrs. who have
declined to serve that office, a further sum of GOO
guineas will be added to the treasury of the hospital.

M. Di Lozaa.—This Gentleman lately d;ed in
Switzerland. He was a native of Geneva, and first
distinguished himself in this country by a work on
the British Constitution, which he had evidently
examined with profound judgment, and philosophic
spirit. The work has long been a standard book,
and, among other flattering tributes of applause, it
received a high eulogium from the pen of Justus,
who pronounced it " deep, solid, and ingenious."
Ds ULM/ had a surprising extent of knowledge on
all subjects, and could almost have rivalled Buaee
in all the variety of his illustrations. He was re-
markably temperate and simple in his mode of liv.
ing. He possessed an admirable temper, with a
woo: tern for humour. All he slid, indeed, npoa
the most serious sebjeas, was marked by something
of as arch shrewdness. He did ant much sacrifice
to the Graces in point of dress and peisimal deli
caey i but his eonsers:stinn was alway• valuable, and
it is much to be regretted, the nun of his talents
and information, was not • I by patronage
against the necessities he issiot have
produced m try u ' . . • wanks.

SPAIN.

Or TUT TRUANT STATE Or 111 C aostritomnir AND
TWA POLITICAL llALAtleht Or SPAIN.

With vele trd to the first, the Government, it May
be safely declared to be in that state of degradation
and decay, which precedes and announces gieet re-
volutions. The King is a man of good intentions,
but of confi .ed understanding, and .1 mere slate to
the pleasures of the chase, witch forms, not only ho
sole divers on, but his primp.: occupation. His
thoughts are constantly engaged by pattridg:-,
hares, and wild boars ; and Ida greatest exploit is to
have fired so many guns in the course of t):e dry.
These are constantly presented to him ready losses
ed by his Luntsmen, as fast as be can discharg,
them, and hence the slaugl ter which i.e some
times niakes is almost incredible. It must he
owned that he is an excellent marksman ; hut
what is more to his credit, he seems to be aware of
the fatal orffeds of this blind passion in the Mo-
narch of a great kingdom, and has given Buiel
orders that his inns aksuld not be allowed to ac-
quire similar propensities. In his person. he is very
tall and stout, and is generally healthy, owing, no
doubt, to the constant exercise which he. t/ke., and
his temperance in thinking, water bring bis sole be-
verage. Such is the present King of Spain. His
consort forms the reverse to his insensible charalier,
bring intriguing. revengeful, and a slave to far
other passions than. those of the chase. 4, It is
through her," say th:". Spaniards secretly, " that
Royalty is degraded, and the Spanish rime disho-
noured. Tn. gratify her tiewrittliy passions, a
wretch has been raised from the ranks, to domi-
neer over oar Nobility, and sell our country to
France." Such, however, is the case. The man
oi the greatest power at present in Spain, is the
Priace of Peace, as he has been entitled, formerly
a lite-guardsman, and raised with rapidity to
the highest honours, merely for being the Queen's
paramour As die has, however, long lust the
charms of yotttb.- this man treats her with great
negleft. and maintains himself in despotic power
merely by the influence of France, or. in other
wards, by strielly obeying the smallest man-
date of that ccurary. 1 he Queen in her turn now
detests him, and has lately taken into favour a
young man, not yet twenty years of age, from
among the guards. Out is is too late s the power
of the slave of France is not to be shaken by a bad
woman's wiles, and it is a foreign Government
alone that can deprive him of it. He is universally
hated; but that is in private: before him, even
the Grandees of Spain must wear a smile, and Ma-
drid is full of bis spies. He is, however, sagely
aware cf the uncettaisity of revolutions, and is said
to have deposited large sums of money in foreign
banks, besides having great quantities of specie, se-
cretly hoarded in his own possesson. Meanwhile,
he maintains the state of a King—his dragoons,
are
magnificent; and his own regiment of dragoons,
always near him, mount guard at his gate, and s nd
detachments to attend him wherever he goes.
have witnessed the secret curses that attended his
progress : but the sabres of bis dragoons use sharp,
and woe betide the Spaniard who is heard to mur-
mur. In his person be is tall and well formed, of
a ruddy countenance, not unlike an Englishman ;
but he has not their air of freedom; and is, upon the
whole, a man of moderate talents.
Such are the component parts of the present no-
minal Government of Spain. I say, nominal, be-
cauie the real Government is that of France, and
whatever French General may be the Ambassador
at Madrid, is in effort King of Spain. When-a
Government is thus composed, it may bq known
what to think of that Government. When a nation
is in such a state as secretly to curse, and yet openly
to clmish that Government, it may be known what
to think politically of that nation. Englishmen
have sought their liberties through seas of blood,
and have obtained them. France was at least cheated
with a semblance of liberty duringolte fleeting pe-
rind of her true enthusiasm. But all the country
between the Pyrenees and the surrounding oceans,
with its double race of monarchs, queens, prince.,
and nobles, has never even followed the phantom of
liberty ; but awaits the decrees of the French Go.
eminent. The inhabitants of all this immense
trait are generally bold with the knife in the hour
of darkness; but they tremble at the bayonet in the
face of day. Yet, strange as it may appear, the
hatred of France and Frenchmen, is unive-sal
throughout the whole of this &stria. In talking
of Frenchmen, there is a mixture of hatred, con-
tempt, and yet of tlreed. not to be conceived by
those wiio havenot witnessed it. If every Spaniard
or Portuguese had a single Frenchman within reach
of his long knife, the contest would be short. But
other nations must meet their discipline, their bay-
onets, and their artillery.
With regatd to the tincontrouled dominion of the
French in Spain I could bring many proofs; but
why colledt single instances, when a great, a gene-
ral, an undeniable one is hanging over the country.
Should this not take place (unless prevented by
other powers) it will prove the fallacy of ill my
remarks; but when it happens (and the day is fan
approaching) it will supersede the necessity of all
such petty documents. And yet there is one so
gross, so glaring. that: I cannot refrain from suot-
ing it. A vessel was brought into a pert in Spain
by a French privateer, and was acquitted, ship and
cargo, by a Spanish Court of Admiralty. The
French captor, not content with this deciiii.n, ap-
pealed to a higher court, the cause was again beard,
and the case being clear, was again decided as before,
But there still remained to a Frenchman in Spain.
a higher court than the Spanish High Court of Ad-
miralty. A court was formed entirely of French.
men, at the house of the French Consul, the cause
was heard for the third time, the vessel and cargo
adjudged good prize, sold as such, and the proceeds
distributed to the captors.
In the present political date of Europe, and in-
deed in all times, the propriety of England culti-
vating a close and friendly intercourse with Spain,
is so apparent, that we cannot but feel surprised it
should have been so long negleaed On inquiry,
we 6nd the causes of this to be various. An.
cient wars; alliances between the two former mo-
narchies of Fran* and Spain t and the lemmas of
the latter country. and of England, badly under-
stood by hods. Yet, I affirm. that such are the
dispositions of the Spaniards towardi the knglish.
that with a hula careen the put of the GOVWS.

mere, the two countries might become
united. It a here .sat we ought to look tar
balance to the power of Fiance io the West. It
in this ccantry, perhaps, unfavourable as appe,
awes tray now he, that the [Leedom of Eur
d mined to commezce. The Hignlasideri of J;
tam may still MAW to 1111116, in a killidr-ki !alto.
their C.rlt:c briihrest in the ranuotaios of
Hiscsy, ; and even esteud their .
shi' m• •r the plains to the c.ntre of the C (11,11-4.
d the. ma:int.:in of Airagon and Coelho/AN:,
But the gre it r vents, stun tntabe place
country, mock the va'n spirit of propLecy.
Adieu, tar Spain, and should spot, with stTyvt,
in!iy mountains. its almost boundless
&elightfel climate, and the many snoiiimients of
departed ; but I bare been altrays and 1,.1
breathe the air of freedom, and around rs.
see nothing but slavery, stiflrel indignation strl
misery. its happy natural situa:im is overbalanced
by political errors, and the blindness of derpot;,.
power ; and, whilst we regret that so 2 a own,
should be almost abandoned to ramie, is, cm,
but feel tome small portion of contempt fu,
inhabitants who permit it. (I; ram Stevie • jaw .
is Spain sad lrrrly )
