CONTENTS FOR TUC BILL.

LORDS. M ',Wigton Ringstou Bridgewater
Prudhoe Napier St. Germ i ins Hum,
Harris Colville 111,11W1110 ..,/ Huniingdnii
Koss(Glasgow)(:ray iThitwordi
Meldrum Saltuun Ver 'slant Manytutsts
(Abuyne) Forint' Cathcart Got) li 04111
Hai Mulgrave Thu:Hon.!
C hermere station. !misdate liirailkiit
Hopetoun Cork Orford Anglesey
Gambwr Laodaff Manvers Nu. tlianiptini
Mummers Peterborough Nelson Camden
Ailseo(Camilis)Gloncester Nun Exit,. r
Lauderdale Chester Liverpool Cornwallis
Shcfficid Ely Ltighy Buckingham
Kedesdale St. Ampli MontilEtlg- Lothian
St. Helens St David's cumbe Queensberry
Northwick Worcester Strange (AtholjWinchester
Holton Loittlou Abergaveney
Kayoing Ailesbury DUCES.
Carrington A/stay/ITS. Bathurst Weliongtoti
De Dunstan.. Exmouth Chatham Noithumber-.
Tulle Lake Harcourt land
Runs Sidmiluth Warwick Newcastle
Saltenford Melville Portsmouth His t land
(Cuurtuaris) Curzon Graham (SI on-Idessiturt
Stewart of Gar-Sydney [roar) Lord P. orySeal
lies (Gallo- Falmouth Pomfret Wel4llllo. hind ,
Way) Hereford Macclesfield Lord PrellldrllE
Stuart (Moray) Ayleaford (Harrow:by
Douglas (Mor- EARLS. Coventry Archbishop of
tun) Limerick Rockford Tuam
Grenville Ross Abingdon Chanoetlor
Snffield Donoughtnore Shaftesbury ',LitlNo:
Montagu Delmore Cardigau ArehlnV, .p of
Gordon Mayo Relearns 1-I;:terunry
(Hastily) Longford Witichilses Clarence
Somers Muuutcashel Stamford 1 n k
Rodney

NON•CONTENTS AGAINST THE BILL.
LORDS. Foley zant.l. &wherry
Ilreada !bane Hawke BleAtntois Jersey
Eroki 11C Sum!ridge (Ar. Caledois Albemarle
Arden ROI) I. ikillen -Plymouth
Elleubmough Dune Farnham Eosex
Alvanley Hulloed Gumboil Thauet
Loftus (Ely) Grautham Carrick DeubigS
Fitzgibbon King Morley Suffolk
(Clare) Clifton (Darn• Mink, Pembroke
Calthorpe ley) Haiewou4 Derby
Denney Howard, of Grey
(Dowse) Effingham Romney nalltQUlSte
Yarborough 144ye.and-Ss le liosslyu Bath
Dundas Dacre Caroarvun Stafford
Selma &eche Maashrlil Lausdown
Mendip (Clif- Clinton Fortescue
deo) Audrey Grosvenor imams.
Auckland De Clifford Hillsborough Portland
Gage Belhaven (Dowisahire) Brandon (Ha-
Fislierwiek 1):-la-Warr iniltuis)
(Dmiepl) VISCOUNTS. I Icliestcr Devonshire
Amherst Granville Darlington &Arun!
Kenyon Anson Egreinom Grafion
Sherburne Duncan Fitz.' ilium Richmond
Berwick Hood Stanhope Somerset
Ashburton Enlister Cowper Archbishop of
Begot (Duke of ) Dartmouth York
IValsingliam Torrington Oxford Gloucester.
Dynevor !Mt tsgbruke

The second title affixed to several Peer' is that by which
*h.y are generally tauwa.

Of the Majority of 28 to favour of the Bill-
Two Princes of this Blood, holding bigb offices at
pleasure
Cabinet Ministers, avowed prosecutors to this access
lion
Persons holdidg office. dependant on 1114. 1.1
Archbishop of Canterbury, who prejudged the Cam. by
erasing her Majesty's name front the Liturgy .... I
Three Peers who attended the Prom-cation, and
ribvent far the defeucc: the Deka of Neweamk,
(amts Howie and Sheffield . ..

_,,

His Grace the Archbishop of ToAm has been
plenserl, %Ix linden:mud, to present the 1101,0(11111)1e
and arr. CHARLES LC POCH TRENCH, Rector ~1
Brllll'B'4oe, to the Union of Granata, nt the Dio-
cese of Ardegh, vacant by the death of the Kr,
rend EDWARD BERWICK; and his Grace, by
ta-
tue of the right, or courtesy (ati know sot which it
is). that glees to a Prelate the nor ll i ll ation to tlw VA-
casscy which he mats by preferring the Incum-
bent, has been also pleased to present the Reverend
CHRISTOPHER KODINSON In the Union of Ilia-
tholoe, w the Diocese of Clonfert. In these ap-
pointments Its Glace has afforded another gratit)-
ing instance of the principle by wh.ch he -
versed.—.(Mayo ( oseslifmtion.)

.

EMI

'I.IIE BRITISH PRESS.

The opinion of the House of Lords collectively
113 N at length been taken on the question of the
second reading of the Bill of Pains and Penalties.
Yesterday, at about twenty minutes after three
”'clock, their Lordships divided, when the question
es, carried fa the affirmative, by a majority of
mly Ors !! The House was unusually full,
'he number of Peers present being no less than
Iti ; and when we reflect upon the peculiar cir-
• ',instances attending the adjudication of this case,
echo is there in the country tbet will not regard a
majority so inconsiderable on the second reading,
as a triumph on the part of her MAJESTY ? A
majority of only VI in the House of Lords, the at-
tendacce of Members being full, has ever been Con-
sidered equivalent to a defeat of the Ministers of
the Crown, because in that assembly the personal
influence of the Ministers, the presence of their
friends, the well-understood wishes of the Sovereign,
and the power of patronage, are generally known
to be more immediately operative than in the
House of Commons. In fact. remove from th.•
numbers on the side of the majority the names of
the Members of the Cabinet, of their immediate
relatives and connexions, and of the Members who
formed the Secret Committee, and whose judgment
in deciding upon the evidence adduced at the liar
must, from that previous examination of ex-parte
evidence, have been most injuriously warped—re-
move these names from the side of the majority,
and the majority and minority will quickly change
pl ices. And in proposing the removal of such
do we require more than in strict justice
beletigr to the Illustrious Accused ? lu what other
tribuiwil upon earth, boasting the attribute of jus-
tice, would it be permitted Ifist the Prosecutors
should argue and vote as Judges of the Ac-
cused? In no other Court in Englund would
it be permitted that the Guard Jiffy, repre-
sented in these proceedings by the Secret Commit.
tee. should with wields impressed by a secret ex-
port( trial, where no explanations were had, no
soutiter-temitnony received, no witnesses cross-
examined. enbaequeutly mingle with the Petty
Jury, and mislead their fellow Jurors by their own
impressions. incorrectly formed but firstly pre-
served. The principles of natural justice would
demand the absence of the Qussm's accusers,
the priaciples of our own law would equally require
the removal of she .invent Committee who placed
her in a state of accmotion. Had the Illustrious
Accused moved ins Imo elevated sphere, the laws
of this reentry would have exteaded to her such
advitniages;,Znst only would her accusers have
been remave! fro. the Jury boa, but even such
friends and relatives of her weevers as might be
supposed feel a strong interest in their soc.
ern. and a proportionate anxiety to effect her
conviction. All such persons she might have
challenged ; and will not the common sense and
*Mee of the country extend to her, in her
elevated rank. the same measure of protection
which the law would have secured to her in an
humbler and less invidious station ? The power
and influence of her accuser ought to awaken every
suspicion, sod teach the public the necessity of
fliuging around her every protection which huma-
nity, genero-ity, and justice could dictate.
In the majority will be found the names of we
less than twenty-six persons who are either Minis-
ters or holders of offices under the Croton, not one
id whom can be believed to have exercised a dispels.
si•iiiste judgment opens the case as it was attempted
to be supported by evidence. If to these be added
-itch of the members of the Secret Committee, not
being place-huldert, as voted for the Bill, and if all
these lied been preveuted from voting on this sub-
ject, as by the analogy of the laws of Englaiid
eti;dit to helm been done, we may ask where would
he the majority that has now determined the House
to give the semblance of its sanction to this most
pernicious measure ? In the majority we also find
the names of twelve Bishops, besides a considerable
oundier of military Lords, who live in the hopes of
Giieeroorships, Captaincies, promotions.. &c. &c.
We also several LorJa who affect a per-
sonal friendstep for the KING, and are therefore sup-
po.eil to ireilee his presumed sentiments their prin-
ciples of action. Ll'e also perceive that the Duke
el Nmesst Le has voted for the Bill, notwith-
stending the Noble Duke's acknowledgment, that
he laid heard she care for the prostete 000000 only, and
mint one word for the defence I He had read the

ebiiletiee. forsooth, Ina did not say where he had
lead it ! most probably in a certain evening News.
p.iper devoted to the Treasury, notorious not
inure for its slavery to the caprices of authority,
titan for it, infamous conduct no having throughout
the present proceeding. published garbled and
partial reports of the evidence and the speeches.
Giviug full and fair cousideration to these various
circumstatic.., reflecting upon the importance
to the Ministers of the Crown of obtainiug the
QUEER'S conviction—upon the client)s of kindred,
the weight of ioflurtice, the ties of office, the hopes
of preferreetit...consitleritig also, ttivt twenty-

Aix rerotros, %molly holding office, sud, therefore,
