SOCIETY OF ARTS, COMMERCE, AND
MANUFACTURES.

Yesterday this Society held their annual Meeting for the diatrls
button of their honorary and pecuniary rewards, at the King's
Theatre, A temporaty platform was laid over the orchestra, and
the stage was filled up with scats rising one above another, which
were occupied at an early lour by the candidates and members of
the Society. The house was lighted up as on an opera night, and
was crowded to excess in every part liy a veil elegant and fashion-
able company. Amongst many distinguished persons present
were, the Bishop of Norwich, the Persian Ambassador, Dr. Birk-
beck, Mr. flume, M. P., &e. &c. Madame Pasta appeared in
one of the stage boxes.
About one o'clock his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, Pre-
sident of the Society, arrived, and took the chair amid the general
applause of the Meeting; the hand cat the same time playing the
national air of " God save the King."
His itoxat. 111011 N ells expressed the great gratification he felt
at seeing the present Meeting so numerously and respectably at-
tended. As there would be a great dcul of business to go through.
he should not detain them by any observations on the highly meri-
torious objects which the Society amtemplated to achieve; but
would request their Secretary to read the Report, which lie hoped
would prove interesting to all those who had honoured the Society
with 'heir presence on this occasion.
The Secretary (AnTat AIIIIS, Esq.) then read the Report of
the Society, which ax, drawn up in an eloquent and able manner.
ft took a general review of the various branches of art and manu-
facture% which it was the object of the Society to patranize and en.
courage, tracing then) from their first rude beginnings up to their
present highly scientific and practically efficient state. It stated
that—
" The first proof that the efl'orts of this Society, in concurrence
with those of a few enlightened individuals, had begun to be sue-
t:toilful. was the establishment, by the gentlemen of Bath and the
West of England, of a Sunny especially directed to objects of rural
economy. Stimulated by this example, other similar Institutions
arose in different parts of the country ; patriotic individuals of high
rank, and of extensive possessions, became each the centre of annual
Agricultural Meetings; and thus, with unexampled rapidity,ad.
vanced the art of agriculture and stock-breeding to iat present
state. But although this Society resigns, without reluctance,
the care of agriculture and rural economy in general, to those
move recent institutions, which, from their local advantages, are
the beat ratified foe this duty : yet there are certain branches,
which being usually executed rather by the landlord than by the
tenant, are o 1 this account excluded from the cognizance of the
provincial societies, cod, therefore, with peculiar propriety, may
still be retained by the Society of Arts. I particularly allude to the
plantation and rearing of timber, the reclaiming of wastes, the
recovery of drowned land, by means of embankments and draining,
and experiments with a view to the introduction of new articles of
cultivation."

In rererence to the introduction of mechanical power, the Report
observed—

" This substitution of other
.power to that of man, where mere
force, uncomtined with skill, is required, has had a prodigious
effect on human society. The labour of no animal is, upon the
whole, so expensive as that of man. The hone and the ox are fit
for labour when three years old ; man requires the growth of at
least fourteen or fifteen years before his bodily strength is of any
considerable value, and cannot he said to be fit for severe
work under twenty years; he requires clothing and protection
from the Inclemency of the weather, and his food, however
coarse and scanty, is more costly than that of any of our or-
dinary domestic animals, in proportion to the strength which he
is capable of exerting. Hence it has always happened, in those
times and countries in which there has been a necessity for the em-
ployment of men in works of mere drudgery, that unmitigated do.
Invoke slavery has universally prevailed : piracy by sea, war and
kidnapping by land, were the usual modes by which labourers
were procured. The daily bread of the ancient world was min-
gled with the tears of the wretches concerned in turning the mill,
and lives innumerable were every year cushied out, in drain-
ing mines, excavating quarries, and performing intolerable
labour of every kind. Archimedes, of Syracuse, and the great
mechanicians, who flourished at Rome, although the practical
application of the mechanic powers was perfectly familiar to
them, appear almost universally to have employed human la-
bour as the first moving power. Their discoveries, therefore, had
no direct tendency to benefit the moral and social condition of man-
kind. The employment of domestia animals to actuate neat hinery, the
conversion of wind into a moving power by means of the revolving
pails oldie windmill,and the use of water for the sainepurpose,through
the medium of the water-wheel, have occasioned a great improve-
ment in human society. The reduction of corn into flour ceased
henceforth to be the daily toil and drudgery of the domestic
slave; the most severe part of the rude mining operations of
the time—namely, the extraciion of water from the bottom of
the mine, by hand buckets, was put an end to, and by degrees
mast of the very oppressive forms of labour were transferred to
mere engines. The necessity of slavery, therefore, being re.
moved, the influence cf religion, of humanity, and of policy
c incurred. and thus, for the first time since the institution of
pofitteal eccietv, the plague spot of domestic slavery, that infer.
thus mischief a high alike contaminates and degrades the moral
of the master anti of his drudge, was effaced trom the greater
part of Christian Europe. (Applause.) Within the last fifty
years, another power, namely, the elasticity of steam, has been ap-
plied ns a first mover to mechanical combinations. Ily means of
this, great rapidity and energy of seams hare been obtained, and
a greater isdependenee as to local situation. The combined effects
of these two advantug.s have been immense. A constant nninter-
mitting power, of almost any magnitude, may now be brought
to act during any required time upon any given spot. Hence
has resulted not only a great additional saving of labour, but
many wattle of high importance, both to individuals and to
the community, have been effected, which were before wholly im-
practicable. It appears, therefore, that the principal eras in the
history of mechanical invention ore. first, the production of the
simplest kind of instruments essential to the existence of mankind,
hut not in any respect substitutes for human labour; next, a very
extensive application of the more simple mechanical contrivances,
and a consequent greatly increased demand for human labour as a
first mover: hence arises the great distinction in society between the
labourers and those who enjoy the fruits of labour, or, in other
words, of master and slave. In the third era, the application of me-
chaniehal instruments continues to extend. but by the conversion of
certain natural rowers to first movers, the demand for human labour
in works of mere drudgery, is greatly restricted. and the necessity of
slavery wholly ceases. In the fourth era, a more manageable and
energetic first mover is invented. capable of acting with more pre.
cision than any line force, and therefore eminently conducive to the
benefit of mankind, by withdrawing them stilt farther from the ne-
cessity of mere servile labour."
At the conclusion of the Report, the Secretary proceeded to read
the names of the I candidates to whom medals, &c. had been
awarded, at the same time pointing out in a few wordy the peculiar
properties which constituted the originality of each invention or
improvement, in the particular articles that had been submitted to
the examination and had obtained the approbation of the Society.
It must be obvious that, from the numerous list of successive can-
didates whose names we subjoin, it is iniposnible for us to detail
more particularly the merits of each ; we cannot, however, avoid
noticing the excellent apparatus which has been invented by R.
Cowen, Esq. of Carlisle, to carry off the dust produced in dry
grinding, and to whom he Society have awarded the large gold
medal. The business of dry grinding, as performed in the manu-
facture of needles. card-wires, and many article's of cutlery, is per-
haps the most unhealthy that is carried on. The particles of dust
and steel fill the
.grinding rooms with a dense cloud, which being
inhaled occasions irritation of the lungs, end terminates in asthma
or consumption. For an effectual mode of preventing this dust
from annoying the workmen, the Society offered their large gold
medal. This has been claimed by Mr. Cowen for the machine
which he has invented, and which on inspection, and from the tes-
timonials of practical men, leaves nothing to be desired in this
respect.
The Gold Vulcan Medal was awarded to Mr. W. Spencer,
Chatham, for a very great improvement in letting go an anchor,
which has been sanctioned by its general adoption in the navy. It
enables a most important and often very critical mano'uvre to be
performed with great speed and precision, and without the hazard
in the lives of persons who, by the common mode, are exposed to
much danger.
It) performing veterinary operations, it sometimes requires that
the home should be thrown on his back, which is attended with
much risk, both to the animal himself and to the persons employed.
Joseph Goodwin, Esq. Clerk of the Stables, Carlton Palace, has
invented a table, to which a horse may be secured, without loiter,
to him, or the risk of injury to the operator, which is very manage-
able considering its hulk, and, with some simplification of the appa-
rat" will prohsbly be agrees advantage. It will be seen that a
Gold Vulcan Medal line been awarded to this gentleman.
The Royal Criarairaw took great interest in the inspection of
this invention. _ _

To Muter D. Purism the large Silver Medal was presented,
fora composition of figures in oil. On presenting this reward to
the youth (who is about twelve years of age), his Royal Highness
raid it gave him great pleasure to have again, for the third time, to
protein him with a token of the approbation of the Society, for his
ability in that line of art to which he had devoted himself. This
was no less than the fourth medal he hail received from his Royal
flightless, and (said the Royal Chairman, addressing himself to
the Bishop of Norwich) when I remind your Lordship that this is
the charity boy whom I mentioned to you., I think I may prognos.
ticate, that it he perseveres in his application as he has hitherto
done, he will one day become a great man. (Much applause.)
The Royal UHAIIIMA N., in presenting the several other rewards,
complimented with great felicity and variety of expression the Can-
diiatea, u they successively approached the Chair, to receive the
token of the Society's approbation, and the acknowledgment of
their respective merits. The ladies who received rewards were
warmly greeted by the Meeting; particularly Miss Charlotte Chap.
man, who received the large Silver Medal for an original wino°.
aition of flowers in water-colours, which possessed my great
merits.

The Rewards adjudged by the Society were presented in the
following order :

uccnAvics.

To Mr. T. Collett, Upper Grey.toke place, Fetter-lane. for a pair of
shears for making toga for lace., the silver eulcan medal.
To Mr. George Hooper, 1, Bury-street, Chelsea, for a builder's level,
five guineas.
To Mr. C. nartley, 4, Essmstreet, Battle-In Idwe, for a hand-roll sector,
the large /diver medal.
To Mr. W. /spencer, Ordnance-place, Chnlharn, for hie improved me-
thod cf letting go an anchor, the gold vuican medal.
To Mr. F.. Carey, Bristol, for his !mproved dead eyes for shipping, the
sliver rulean
To Mrs. Hen. Goode, Ityde, Isle of Wight, fur a blind for circular-
beaded windows, the silver villeins medl.

To Mr. James Skinner, Ml. New Part-street, Southwot.bridge,
Impved 44 g re-couch, thirty uinea.,
To thetor a tral. for vertnru, live guineas. for on
ro
To Ur. Jodnis Jenour, Jnn. 31, Wilda's-street, Hampstead-road, for a
shot eartrltive, fifteen gulai.:.o.
To Mr. J. Adcock, 24, lArtnan.street, Goodman's.aelds, for on adjust-
able door lever, the "liver vulcan medal.
To Mr. J. T. Tnwson, throat:fort, for a banking for • chronometer, the
silver solemn medal and hn rolneas.

To Mr. W. Palmer, CliftOa-atreet, Finsbury, for an Improved riding
machloo f.,r engravers, tk• large alivar medal.
To Mr. P. Moroni, 211, klarp-alley, Fleet-street, for a valve and stand
pipe for water mains, live guinea 4. •
To Mr. G. Edward,, Lynn, Norfolk, for a levelling and surveying in-
strument, the• gold 'Wenn medal.
To Mr. C. Foy, kb, Piccadilly.' for his forceps fur dentists, the large
silver needial.

To Mr. J. D. Holmes, OM rtsh-street, for his craniotomy forceps, the
gold volcan medal.
To Mr. J. P. Clark, 5, Hing.street, Holborn, for his Improved cupping
apparatus, the %liver vulcan medal.
'lO Joseph G )odseics, Itsq. Cleric of the Stables, Carltor. Palace, fur his
table for veterinary operations, the gold outran medal.
. . _

To Mr. 8. Wiliam; 2, Stone-44dr*, Rotellff, fur his drag for drowned
bodies, the sliver silicon medal 111111 bre guineas.
To R. Cowen, E.Q. Carlisle, fur bie apparatus to carry off the dust pro-
duced In dry grinding, the large gold medal.
To Mr. J. Alderson, 4, Bridge-row, Pimlico, for an Instrument for
describing arcs of circles the ct.ntrevof which are not given, ten guineas.
To Mr. M.A. Alderson, Manchester, for a net of working drawings of •
steam-engine, thirty guineas.
To Mr. P. Hinry, Limohonse, fora act of working drawings of a boat
steam-engine, twenty guineaii._

IR CIITYIIIITRY.

To Mr. J. H. Abraham, Sheffield, f..ir his more of neutralizing magne-
tism In the balance. of watches, the large .Ever medal.
To Mr. J. Roberts, St. Helen's, Lancashire, for hie improved safe lamp
for miners, the silver yokes medal and ten guinea..
To Mr. J. Citatory, 6. Hyde-street, Bloomsbury, for a mode of coloured
etching on Ivory, tire guineas.
To Mr. W. Cooke, jun. Seymour-street North, Clarendon-square, for
mprovemenls In etching on gee', the gold lilt medal.
To Mr. W. Huinphrys, 03.1, Charlotte-street, Rathbone-place, for his
rnenstruum for etching on steel plate, the gold Isis medal.
