PRICES OF BRITISH ST
Sark Stock 219 7 6i
3 par Cent Reduced, 901
3 pa. Cent. C0n5.,6111 I I 94
Si per Cent.
per Ccm. 10P ' 102
Hew 4 per Cents. .0:11 1061
Laos Annuities, 22/ 11-16
Imperial 3 per Cents.
Sank for Account
Consols for Acct. 864 9,1 04 9

COCKS ON SATURDAY.
India Stock,
India Bonds, IN 87 pr.
India for Account,
South Sc, Stock,
South Sea Old Annuities
South Sea New Annuities
11i114.1,0001. 57 sn 51; pr.
Ditto. 5801. 57 58 ha pr.
Ditto, Sniall, 57 5R 56 pr.
Lottery Tickets, 191. 19s.
ii&
COCKS
SATURDAY.
Neapolitan,
['maiden 5 ,m Catmint
New ditto, Vj
I'oltrubian R per Cents. 63i
French Scrip, h pr.
Slezican Mines,

PRI('E OF FOREIGN S'
Spanish S per ('ents. (II;21) 25;
Pim) (IN/N) 17i
DSIIII.II 5 ptr Cents. 95.1 !lf;
Russian 5 per Cents. KU
Chi Han, 7.1.
Austrian Scrip, Si pe.

Aritifsit aireSis.

The Ba IT lIIK Pa Las commenced publishing on Saturday warn-
Jag at fire o'clock.

LONDON. MONDAY, JANUARY 19, 1921.

Friday's • French Papers reached us last night. Victor)
Emmanuel, the King of Sanlinia, is no more. After a
life of great vicissitudes, this well-meaning Monarch has
quitted an worldly care for ever. The young Prince of
Carignan was tit Paris when the account of Victor Emma-
nuel's death arrived.—Our Bayonne letter gives a most
melancholy account of the situation of Spain. Nothing
can be more dreadful than the state of things in that
nithappy country. Anarchy, all through the provinces,
wAs at its height ; robberies were constantly perpetrated
in the capital; the fanatics were ceaseless in the work of
tatlrtler and pillage in the provinces. This is the present
happy state of things in Spain, and the result of aLsolute
tyranny ! Th, French army forms the only check on gene-
ral iirmrrect ion, and its amount is again increasing : several
re,gireents belonging to the reserve were artin entering
Spain from the Eastern Pyrenees.—The Divan at Constati-
tinopl.. appear to be appalled by the succerses of the
Creets. The Grand ‘'i2;!er, it is stated. was to proceed to
the Nlorea with extraordinary powers. This proceeding
will have no effect. The Greek; are now beyond the
power of the Mussulman ; they would disdain anything
short of complete independence, and will yet shake the
o:taman throne to its foundations.

The atrocious outrage of the treacherous 1)on Ptliro en
11:e persons of the Brazilian Deputies will probably end in
his deposition, and the establishment of a Ilepublic all
thrm:;ll Brazil. Hia own deportation is likely to foliate
on the execrable stretch of authority by which sevtial of
the leading Members of ;he Congress were seized by the
tyrant's ordera, and hurried on board a vessel in waiting,
to be tim; into dungeon on a distant shore. Though
[lsere is n:uned as their destination, it is much more likely
that the unhappy Dtputies will be taken to Mozambique,
or some other of the Portuguese colonies on the coast of
A film, and emit their days in dungeons, or as malefactor a, in
chains, beneath a burning sun. What the tyrant's object
has been in dissolvin;; the Congress and transporting its
leading members, is not yet known ; the next arrivals
fiont Rio will show whether he has been acting in concert
with the faction in Lisbon, and, influenced by his intriguing
trother and her partisans, intended to extinguish the inde-
pomience of Brazil, and renters again, if possible, the su-
premacy of Portugal ; or that the despot's aim was the at-
tainment of absolute power. The moat pressing lettersl
are known to bye been addressed so Don Pedro, some
months since, by his moth, 7, Don *Opel his brother, and
every member of his family, urging the exertion of all his
influence to restore Brazil to the mother country. He was
stated to have declined any interview with the bearer ; but
the letters may have had their effect, and the tyrant may have
attempted, in consequence, by a desperate act, to destroy the
liberties of Brazil. It is more than probable that the same
fate that awaited Iturbide is reserved for Duo Pedro, and
that the Brazils will imitate the example of Mexico.
Liberty we should imagine to be much too strongly sup-
pored throughout that great country to be shaken to
its very foundations by any sudden abuse of individual
setlimity ; Brazil, we are confident, will assert and main-
sail] her freedom. The arrival of the Creole, with letters
to the 20th of November, referred to in the abort and hasty
ones of the 26th, will probably disclose the real objects of
this new attempt, and show whether it bat originated itt
the intrigues of Portugal to restore its fallen power, or in
'Don Pedro's own ambition to put down the constitution
in preparation, and grasp in his hands uncontrolled au-
thority over that free and rising country.

The fever of feeling seal continues high in the West
India Islands, particularly in Jamaica, on the important
i;tiestion of the slave population ; and a motion has been
made in the House of Assembly, to repeal the Registry
Bill. We are not surpria'd that high excitation should
x:st on this occasion, when we consider the property, the
lives. anal the possessions that are at stake. But se are
afraid the 11'tst Indians are going too far : their repeal of
this sect would' be nothing, unless the British Parliament
agreoil to a measure of the same description ; and there is
rii probability whatever of suck a concession being made
hero. If Parliament should not agree to any further mea- 1
Tires for the emancipation of the slaves, it is all the planters
ran possibly expect ; but nothing that has been enacted
v ill be revelled. If the Housed Assembly in Jamaica 1
pro( ed to repeal the Registry Bill, that House and the
lititish Parliament will he at direct issue, and the cons(
quences must be most ruinotur.and fatal. It is idle to teat
of Jamaica, or the Leonard Islands, resisting the autho-
rity of the parent country ;.—they could not do gofer a week.
How could they make the attempt, but by arming their
slaies ? aril, that despairing atesaure once adopted, what
bet-limns of the authority of a handful of white proprietors?
They. with. their families, would be sacrificed at the
first onset. We are persuaded that the conduct of
bfr. Wilberforce, Mr. Buxton, and the abolition-,
ists under their influence, who are pressing this I
dange.ous %nation, is meet unjustifiable : to gratify an
imistiperate and vetarian seal, they are urging the
ruin of the property of thousands, and die ultimate
loss anti destruction of the Sugar Islands, with millions
of British capital at stake, in which they have no per-
sonal participation. The inspa, fiat Abolitionists are
calling for measures on which they are wholly uninforincil,
and pressing a question, that, if instuatly conceded, must
drag down inevitable ruin on thousands. At the same
time we think the West lodises are suffering their preju-
dices to outrun their judgment ; they are displaying
much tun violent feelings—feelings which will make little
for them when the discussion comes on. We are convinced
slavery car not be r erpet nil in the il'esteru Islands, and
that it most be graduaUy but ultimately abolished. The
condition of the mimes in Jamaica, and all through the
11 est Indies, has of late years, we know, been greatly ame-
liorated, and we believe the change to have been in a great
deiglee owing to the investigations instituted in this coun-
try. The fact is, toneeesions, atter all, must he made by
the proprietors ; and they will set much more wisely in
re.kirg to moderate rasher than arrt st the progrcss or the
