PARIS PAPERS.

FARM JULY 10.
CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES.
SITTING or THI 9TH JULY.

The order of the day is for the discussion on
the aosendnsent of M. Cosrtarrel, to the effect
that the last relating to the censorship of journals,
.he postponed for three mouths only after the open-
ing of the Session of 1841-
_ __

The 11REPER of the ss A LS The object of
the arioesolinent is to give the. Government the cen-
sorship of journals which it requires, but to limit
its duration to the expiration of three months from
the opening of the next Session ; this amendment
supposes the adoption of the censorship, at least
for that period. I hare only to meson from
the hypothesis of the amendment. I am not
goinz to put forward again the statements which are
iti favour of the measure for the suspension
of the liberty of the press, but solely to NM-
tuadvert on the importance of the postponement.
At first sight, I admit the delay does not appear to
cerise any serious difficulty ; but, on reflection, it
is seen that it gives rise to eoneislemble difficulties,
both of a material and moral nature. I shall state
both of therm—To judge, at least frosts their
speeches. Honourable Members who propose the
eeilsorship with tbio. limitation, hater undoubtedly
said : Though, during the first three mamba of
the Session, it was possible to make laws stiffi-
mai ly powerful, and of such a nature as to dis-
pense with the censorship, and alibutiali it was not
decided at that time whether it would be possible
that the law of the censorship should !nos or not
after the expiration of those three months, it was
of importance that the Chamber should do what
the Government itself lias done, namely, examine
in succession all the measures, whose adolisiuli
would answer for the censorship in restraining the
licentiousness of the press.. I sin of opinion, then.
that in order to make the Chamber scusible of the
material difficulties which this obligation imposed on
the Government awl 'adopted by the Chamber would
encounter. we must enter lido some details on these
'laws of restraint or of security. If the Climber,
adopting this arnendatrot, be of opinion that the
inert important of all laWs to be brought forward
uthe commencement of the Nett set,oo, this
very kw of reeentisit. objets oirerS such great seen-
.rity, it.shirld recollect that it consists in the first
lilacs in the corrections and additions to be made
to the eiiititig penal law. synch would necessarily
introduce the discu•sion of all the questions includ-

The KEEPER of the SEA These are import-
ant details, and, as it appear, td me, Cannot offend
soy body ; two months will have eta* ved berm* the
Report of the Committees it made, ant: it will turn
be necessary to discuss the Report. Cons;de'r.also,
that our debates, far from bring abridged i'or two
years past, have been considerably prolonged. I
wish you also to reflect, that, in discussing tins
additional articles for oil, regulation. which were
nothing but a confirmation of articles. alresuly in
existence, you have spent a fortnight ; and that, iu
the examitintion of • project of law, which o'y in-
cluded a simple morlifieution of the law of 4nr.,
sou have already employed eight days. Consider,
too, there laws must be mitt to the Chamber of
Veers, that it is psissible one. or more of them muy
Ir.! amended. Debates of such a nature may take
up the time of ins entire Setn.ion. Thus in the only
material point sit view. I say, it would slot he jai.
prudent, but nu prneneahle, to circtimseribe the
Cluinilier its such eiarfow limits. I hare hail the
honour to state, that cottritlrratinits of a moral na-
ture appear to nie to throw obstacles sts the way of
this Poi° of prnreerlinz. (feel, what would the
Chamber 110 though not explicitly ?
You would impose on the Crown the necessity of
presenting such a decisive law, after a delay of
it definite period. however difficult or dis-
turbed may he the situation of affairs, however
clouded the political horizoo may be by foreign
or internal events, at • precise day or moment.
Your Committee thought the freedom and dignity
of the Chamber were not sufficiently remelted by
the Administration, when it placed the Chamber in
such a situation as of necessity to adopt the law of
censorship, bemuse the law of restraint bad not
been brought forward. I think Ministers are justi-
fied on this seeming, by observing that the choice
of i tone at which the law should be presented
decidedly belonged to the Crown. These are the
moral considerations which are united with obstacles
of a material nature in opposition to the proposed
aineedinent. With regard to the present penal
law, it wis• originally 'coefficient. and it is useful ill
order to give the Government time to make better
laws of restraint, as pos,ilile as they may prove effi-
cacious, that you grunt it the latitude which it re-
quires."
Al. de Bunt. would vote in fawner of the amend-
mum, on the ground of the use Alissistess mode of
the censorship when placed in their hands,

AlEsTsma spoke against the amendment,
sod said iw would propose ■ more t ffectual men_
sure. The question of the liberty of the press will
not be really decided until a majority at the Cham-
ber shall here afforded Government the most effec-
tual support. The Opposition might, by sheen%
more devotion to monarchy nod leeitioaney, have
assumed a more rloated *Wino. It has hot pus-
seem(' either the necessary prudence or patriotism.
M. DB GRAMMONT, and other %VICES on the left
—"We are much obliged."

And your effectual preposition--"
:it —•• I have ittitta it, it as the
%he tale."
.
feMitOi--" _Tine .amendment
IT r oat tallow is woe of those ion-
I to the reconeslistien of the most
after violent drlntfrd--one or those
ires winch err sometime, presented
;, in order to tailwind, at owe, if
not a perpettial fleece, at least a Lappy.trmse, which
puttlog each person nn his owes toritory, Natters
the self-love of all the belligerent powers. Who its
reality are thcise amongst our Hon. Colleagues who
should oppose the adoption of this amendment ?
Tutor who would wish the. immediate udoption of
the censorship ought iit all events adopt en amend-
went limiting its duration, re.erving the right of
voting afterwards against the amended project, es
several of them have ntillOUlifl'il their intention of
cluing ; those who, not believing iu the possibility
of a good restraining, ore not as illiug to are any
.iptlhvsingdeitsii
rtehethCalttatritpiesrmeoet
jiiirtiarrey ti,thtosohetilcelinesori
ischripell't:tinl4,
ought likewise to adopt the amendment ; for what
,smote effectual means could they employ to bring
you over to their opinions, than to make the
solemn discussion of a law of restraint indispen-
sable at the approaching Session ; a discussion
which, according to them, ought to produce
in every body that conviction with which they
are themselves impressed, by establishing, be-
yond all doubt, the necessity of a perpetual censor-
ship. For if the journals have nothing to do with
the Charter, they should be constantly submitted to
the censorship. What can be more ridiculous than
at the end of each Seosion to effect an a 1111 l set pro-
longation 10 ant undettrond manner ? It would be
better, certainly, to finish with the
journals once
for all, to establish sit tg proper time a definite
law of censorship, to de4%irmine in whet man-
ner, by what persons, and nitro) what objects
the cesistirslitp shall bt exercise:.; and trace out,
i(.. possible, some positive regulatitos ; for it is
slew to make a good slaw for preveottio than sap-
-4 Session. With regard, to myself, according to the
~=1 I hove. always iwafeeseck, I consider them/173V...
.
177:741,1he CbactimeattalPitailaavelihte with wise t
77 Government. Ido 1/111: tilsl.l on this amendment
from a spirit of oppi ll i l itm, and she's ParliallselWart de-
decorum does not forbid seek an sivonai.:: t'ince "üb°4_,Y'r..ear.
to intrust the Tribune with the secret 10'00 )wiifir.".
_a",eCZ
lion, or •lienetions ; let me tir permitted ti;‘•Y, if 1 rhenium
an attachment principally towards those Mies 'suer' "P"'
elevated from our ranks, (tape preserved an mitt
re
milt' of sentiments and !principles, 01111 I estes: c:inarlnri
honour several of their colleagues, and have contra._l-:
no political estrangement with respect In him. Bets
in paying a just tribute to Ministers individually, I am
grieved to find the present Adminietration as a body retain-
ing something of the 'infield ministerial spirit. I shell at all
'limn refrain from addressing to them this reproach —You
bale the Royalist.! I will not upbraid, hot complain; I
will brim to their recollection the 'Metter contracted between
all Royalists, the banner under which they have mooched, the
rause fur which they have fought. Should we not be able to
recision with one of our greatest POCts-
‘ We should think it haired to be faintly loved.'
The grounds which the Minister of the Interior has slated,
io my opinion, were more adepted to cause the rijeetian
than the adoption of the project of law. It is not on account
of the motives he has urged, but quite the contrive, !het I
Ville for the adoption of the project of law with the amend.
meat proposed by my Hon. Colleague, AI. de Courts, vel." ,
M. DE VA riDOUYR E. opposed the amendment, which
be considered as sit encroachment upon the royal preens'.
sive. You will not be more moved than I have been by inn
assertion, that tbe Charter leaves Gill power for the esta-
blishment of a censorship of the public j.surnnts ; for the
Keeper of the Seals, who was once • lawyer (smiles and
murmurs), knows very well that whenever e law dispsnes of
say thine is. • general way, when, for iostuace, it grains ibe
privilege of printing and publishing one's opinions trimly.
by that alone such law excepts not any means of peblies-
tient, but autborises every oar. Thee:lower having made no
exception either of the j Is, or of pamphlets, or of
any one species of wining, does not, therrhoe, allow of
a censorship for any one. The Chamber will lint Gel itself
hound even by the opinion delivered by one Hon. President ,st
ISI7. At that lime, and in • discussion 00 a law respecting Ott
ceneorship, he said, that there was no more mire, or more
faithful interpreter of the Charter than time King who gave it.
Fur your security was given 11121 law of the Charter, is
wirier of whirls all propositions SWIM/OW/1 I. the Chamber
are made is the name of the Kin.. Amid thus, by a sewage
abuse—(Lemokier)--they would have you judge ref • law
so per not from yoorechree,
written, bet by the explanstiutia fierniehed by the Ministers.
In the yaw speech the Keeper of the Seals has not better
defined the representative rove mesa. by raying that it
facilitated the foreclose of cosy 'cretins between the King
and hie subjects. Ido not ' ell understand the use of
the word suNects in this cal. utrrryptivm.)-.The word
sahjeels may be vet!, well aced e. it. • thousand other eir-
runistaucev, but is ill supplied he
~, • and the reusuo, which
admits of no answer, iv, that our daft not act as a *object
at the moment wirer 011 e is perforin'esi .a act of suss.
reigin y."—( l'ioleil murmurs.)
(A number sit woke% " Always the dogma of the sore-
Mealy—be is M[14412'1)4 !")
M. MECIIIN---' Ye*. Yes...
(A voice—. Silence ! let M. Manuel exercise his sows,.
Ili igtitv.:')

M. MANUEL—a When you call yetanchres to nerssont,
you will see that it is not a doctrine of eivenvaatastre Ow et
here treated of, email you will have it that the Chesabm
does rot meet here to reso.Cur In the r•••••••....Z.1..:f the laws
that it is a mere thing of form, and that )nll sole here no.
thing more than the eeeee sala of Ohio Misasatera''—(l7nalaettd
cries If .` This is ahmse"--" This is fog tious"—•• This is
impertinent.")
(A vuireirom the centre—" Speak then, at last, to she
amenduseel.'")
M. MANUEL—" It would be easy fits me to pergola
much further the olevolupensent of this pmeiyly for exam_
pie, on the pokier* of the elections."—((•onlinyedmenmere.)
M. J OSSIE. It EAU VOIR —" To the anarndeartil."
PC MA NU F.11..--•‘ The question is not enntistei solely to
the journals; the Ministers have said openly eh, that
they cameo carry us the government without the censurohois,
ly is requisite, therefore, she 1 ahoosoloi examine veer! /pea.
lion Ihnt it emblem. 1 eay, thereCsfe, it..t on flu. aoy.
ject of she elections vow have beard one-of the Minisiero
tender/a, sepeonek—(Larghier)—tile *holy of one vide of
the Chamber asth ingritsionte, foosisling his charge on
*hat she Ministry had done to Arent them into this chant.
her.—(•' To the amendment! to the amendremd!")—Vou were
nut a littk surproarol to hear sum of the speakers ( M. dr Ces.
tclhajar) repel the kindonss, mod declare that to 4e eleeVal

••

I

.~

_~

; 31
aF
4 "0

J

F

T.

Q'

fi

'' / -

• 1,

by ropoliol Frastc, the assistasice of the Miaiatry was Sot
tbstriod. Igor the rest, each oas of us approved that great

A voirit..-* ft is a ealoony.•
M. MA hiIJEL--4 If the Chamber does not decide to re-
" Oct the Mtll it must secciararify adopt the arneudatrut ; for
, elle wawa, that the 2ntertriusrat furnishes at kart a sort or
guassaire of the digression of a rrprruslve law. Tbo rest
.
will &posed as the revolt of the approarhing election% Go
Hie • Insotabsige whetter they be siinliterfal or neffaisel."—
(Viohert teitrenea.)
V. OE SOCHEPLAITA—k Call the factious NNW to
var Arr."
The PRIIIIIDENT—" f call M. Manuel to order' be.
tow ls e, boa io bee pommies. nude use of a very uttbecons-
iing sapreasies.
bb. Keeper of the Snob oncooded the tribune, bet his
:16.0111rocy Anteceded ow aegis, N. Manuel reappear.
NIA NVEL—" I demand leeneki reply."
. ; H. BEATIN-DEIVEAUX--4, D. you web to speak dor.
•iug the whole of the sittiog
• The PRESIDENT—" I hoe WWI M. MINNA t. • order,
because the capered** of WWI, OP*" an was sotireill
Abbrorew ragolatioo, M. Manuel

• - ritateesion. It wee Sanded to he given sty as a proof,
i • that In MA the aid of the Ministry was ad necessary to
hrimg *pelves late the Chamber Olen; bat there is this
little reined*" I. be made tberrepoo, dist as that time them
'i• - were in !niece 150,000 fereiga bayeasets."—(A base e is.
I -T. - • dicrueties, sad reptelse cries eif "Order.")
. . /.; M. CASTELSAIAC spoke hem use Ilsereteries' beech
•i i•
u .. to m. iviewimitelowinglarsintoimodiermstsumaia.
• it giNll.•Mrse I Whet him all that has been said, au
• ono_ mite earl Mt the allenipsi acksaubabruseut that there is
. . .• . - "t-lihesti *owl to iiiit*ldettatilla -.7,
• • OsoVillit don - - nee am MU Orin isle this
thriller theist *be 0111,011• 'that witdoeitrvi .
• 1
i , ea tort ether band. AdateleVit it Atilt tat anneal lb be. •
1 , baliedhiths IV the, 111 . - le ddift•lheikehes, tied itbse--
, 1 gospel las* IS joie air* Mltthei
may hive ed the.plArd teilreeriam." ' ...the sleeken.
0 .
(A iiilibiYhea-the sielt‘—*Vet thbarelatlispvie
• M. MAKIBL—t, I beg pus till tie
clusiderallise• - , faimied is iabbt nee celd itt the Yaps, of
the flonle in a bonner sitting at the enemittibilsty of
Vo`eCies Powers who wished to make tie Missistsm
i bible far all dm artieles which appestat ie Ike isselevar;
drinevisorildp, becrete idly libber apes. those al
.., . . the oche 4 the oratimeshi of the Illasusti. This f
.- , - --- Masai lice matt Orderlies. We lieu remeldr lemma, lied
-- -! - - the
,Pgrtsims Pewerehatre tbousbt it Nursing to ~PO i
dwilterlapil te abolish The frudem et the jouraels. It wielt .11,
__•. „ , , , theretarelleprealiterel us ).• disk O the at airetatioa os Oh •
' pat af Ilie'Risistry, of pespnaing the slavery ef the Ismer 4;`
, _ . ~ •
wan, belion•hondlrd at ta tsstmes damn ham the seaE
. muds AI :Foram Pewee, poroals hem the taisiple dr •
. . noteaseithte Aida, or ypellodielei, tor merely sonliesadoli
..., - •• r which impose is Oar ow ehilitstiee is bowl&
4 ~. . - allow Yieellawi te t M. Teas, Grattsusea, atty
...., • .., ••,,
._ - lathes this. walla, w teems, his tokwww, whatsoever
• • , , • • • Ado political spasms may be, who caa avoid tai4tagg pale at
such se idea, who Mos . set kip bieseilf drivelled by fltr- '
~ -.
Miners thus raideg di ditties kips to ear Goveramast, I
' will here frankly say"—(frords esilitacsvrz-
-- Seurat isle..—"' Yes, with yea weal frankness."
. - ---- . ' 11. SS CORCELLES—" La him Amish; It is dreadful."
M. FflY••••-4, These Grahams have spokes se as of Mar
1• _ tares; let them then speak of the adnirs of Fraser."
, • :--- " - ID11"1/1t3814711:1°--ieemersii" It is
arse
thatthe remeathe 1.1.114"4,1 piths- IliAr carrot ir.
eeps you expect that a blinsistry, which, differ wring,
f
• Ole lad two years ' has had the lack to draw epos aterifet
- islet ant say the h.tred, but the of bah gigs
. . .
of this atausbii, of penaw whine ooppiinisei are disesiftri-
.
rally opposed to each Misr--dtat a Mandy 'Ake Ass
. . created dime esuptionary laws, of winch air9vastat cam-
.••.
plans, sad spied which a part wt ear hoe•arable mope.
.•,
nests this day remenstrate—that Ode Misisitp shod leave
is. arailktet "pen to the free sansaduesians of Me leaned,
of all pieties, *hid allow the exposure eCilsat foal system
ist‘‘ of tewlMitteiat Optima th bascule) "Wit has caused all
- 'tlieniishie4 aid which all metiers to propagate is.—••• To
' the aseiboduteat : to tbeiatesdaseot r)-1 will say use word
in olnervation ea )i matter of • personal satire. Tha
Keeper of the Stalk •rn the sitting of Friday last, lad toti
that W be bad soiled with sbefippesisien it was nu with
that part witch west to the' extreme (isztrssis poste);
1 .
_sorb an assertion was as edpek we err persona chateau."
-10=bseff genevoi brag AC)
euiere--* Yon ern very sensidre.4,
M. gIaIIIVEL—.4 It yens to upped that I am ea is the
1 . ~maw of appais, that IC Dispout (of the dare) aid a
bail of me Maa. sie
Ftteedeare eel in the estrense of opposition.
Fey the Kattpee "I' the Seas camel fund that se ellisekti,
will say we en intimate setae.. did exist between 'my
• . - nu. Priesais ad him—(LinWer)--at the time when be
1 . eat Woe oflce.—r A geasralisproar.)-1 beiseee it will be
lrots Itsitless to in lions a parddolit exptsnatios of the fat ;
s' trpahl out be worth the 'while"-however, if the Chamber
• 'With" it.----"
_A•sidee es the riot--w sprigs !" .
• A vare'lliosii one rentre—r Ito NO."
Ito,
ien.
.)
*w
.•
,1 . trA1111": (NW". If re iouglotli the dimly/sore of weal
• • *thellte,, the eppaattiee it a few would be se obstacle;
if it * Formalist matter: [bet the Chamber sallow lite my
41 of it ?--(•• ,woe, pee."-ii We, se.")
voice hem she emotrr—s No personalities ; conclude."
A Noised haw the left—w G. no."
-•• M.IIAMIIIIII.--4 Yes ; at that period, the deeper of the
-dinishrfarearaltly ~rived dust whets he awn designates as
1 . Mouludeasista ; he accosted tiara% with a shake of the
'band -......••
• a ..—:.._-_•6 fil I. . welialMair ..

i eel of eviler. Aired,ly to the news egaistion, W. bleasiel
I demaimls hare to jam ify biassed."
M. MAIMUEL--6 1 cos .00t come to retied die espies-
, - dem which 1 have proommeed is this tribes,. although
thew ere of so Anse a ineture, they ere deliberate?'
Amend vibes-4 They are only the mesa Ishemealek."
W. ISAMUIEL-6 1 win tell the Preddewt diet he has
ewe/ is a must istireordinery nisemer the power *Mal 11
Sews to him. 1 said, its made/leg what 1 bed before mid
is tie ellene of soy speech, sod what so perms theithought
illdWilmiwas
• •_, miltmems Wary body."
1 ~.4. AL • • 6.1 poopeboded two bypelboolog I soh!
• 4bObilla the me didshie the majorirg. will bit debsg_otiobis ,
. fordi ordieliggot-.-.." -..
AC IMI Pinsk AIYIIIIS-!' IN is, mit it trifliticitsiiiis-iiil.li
.111. DM COMCIP.I.Lr -A' i n mot natimmi.^ -
N. IMAIKUEL.-6 II ..! whit Is die aim of these
gopiessiies. to r•Y it switsig wisjetity is not us-
•
t • Giu.a.--r.
• , .AI. IL Oil IT. Atei is sm."
W. NM MVIEL--•' 1 , I ,sift sot isedsetthe to
. defied al. I-; Ye Or ...sly. I most therefore he
• owillidlo eider. die ler .al tete* la heti those who niter
000 Ifht,L tiled I flie4- . diet the eisitiag seejority is mot
, • • watiemol!'
. . . Mitedielto Ds7. Lis Fogatie, Copilot (De l'ltere), WM,
£e.-° We drama It Mitotic?*
The 1411111111141111-e." Tel Mid that there wee osi NOM
to hope did' she apprise/Ws* ewe ,duel/ -be isithisol i
. it was because I heard that very isbnety ad I wen eider
the oiresmity or tattles you so midisii time hi wore be outrage
sit mice so she Casseemaariss Mid the per-ote of Fromm
5h,„,„„,.1.,.....-(A /droop seisrestMes nf otootersreace.)
The KEDI'2II. .t• t: .12AL11.--••• I will *imply e'er a
-- - -
VI /ow or 14/ the Chamber übesimer se what has jam here
, i, ,- •.,
mid. however eopegmeet is suer be to speak of toyed/ I
bed the boom' diming Iwo years .se he Peesisleet of this
-* -1.,. chamber; 1 at that time received, and it woman, duty so is
.. ...
do. all my eolleigmes; It must,,,,/ with all who had soy dew
• •:':' • ' 1 sire to esisivense stub me. Fifteen days sifter themipeoisig of
the issoluo of ISM. I left the Nevi/mew old rime into the
Illininten I received will we rival degree of interest all
1 !kiwis who did me the hussar to cad upon use, and 014
wished is imemeeideste their political slows. I ..tweesed sit
rat listened Se all-1 studied all-I sew Through elt."--[ His
• &Oedema hiid mods areas we the last words, which caused
b string emoslbm I
, .._. 111, 011.4a0CELLES---6 Up** a pretty choice--you
We
i INS 11,11111 SIDS :of lid 15MA1.946 • What I- am NY i‘i
'llidtessva ibe:moromit whew fa. We demise 1119) prioripleei
, rabid"). migeesled ea atuirdiMal sod revolalimuy, wore met
1 ' locll4coos this Mikes by Members of the Oppooltim, I
bore bees •amemig tbe Semisweet sod the most mimetic of
these aeleigiolem."-ee(Miliewei cheers.)
. .
-----
_ __
