TUE GRAVEL AND STONE, hr. M.BAOO,

1,111 h N'S LLB arc allowed to be the roost sue-
cessful Preparation for effectually removirg and preventing
the future recurrence of those Disorders which arise from an imper-
fect action of the urinaq organs, as flravel and Stone, Lumbago,
Prins in the Back wl Loins, Suppression of Urine, tee.
('em-
posed of the most innocent ingredients, this truly valuable Medi-
eine relieve* the sleeting patient front the excruciating tortures of
those diseases, without any violence or injury to the constitution,
and requires no confinement or restraint °fillet during its use. It
is one of the oldest public 3leslicines extant; and its peculiar vir-
tues and efficacy have uniformly maintained the highest reputation.
Sold in Bones at 2a. lid. and Ils., by Butlers, Chemists, 4,
(:heasside, St. Paul's; 220. Regent-street, near the Argyll Rooms,
London ; IVaterlotaplace, Edinburgh ; Sackville-street, Dublin ;
and by the principal Medicine Fenders throughout the United
Kingdom.

To be peremptorily SOLD, pursuant to a Decree of the nigh Cour
of Chancery, made in s cause " James against Parnell," before
rt.; Am Co unvEnav, Eq. one of the Masters cif the said
Court, at the Public Sale-room of the said Cohn, in Southamp-
ton-buildings, Chute:Ty-lane, London, TO-MORROW, the
the 2,1 day of June, at 11 o'Cloek in the forenoon, in Eight
Lots.
flEltT AIN FREEHOLD and COPYHOLD ES-
TATEr4. consisting of a detached and respectable Family
Residence, with coach-house, stabling, and other out-buiklingc,
and extensive garden and shrubbery, two brick cottages, and 14
acres of meadow-land, situate at Winchmore Dill. in the County
of Middlesex, part whereof is Freehold and part Copyhald, now
in the occupottun of Samuel Compton, Esq. And also several
Freehold 3lissuages or TenenuMbi situate in Artillerpotreet,4tir
Old Artillery-green/, within the Liberty of the Tower of
and Patilament.court, adjoining thereto ; Queen's Aratipaliey t
and Oterge4dley, Eleet.market ; ('able.street, in the Parish of
M. Deane in the East, In the County of Mipddlesexeld • and Red
Lion.street. in the Parish of Christ-church, t<italfiil Alm, a
specious Chapel of Meaning-house, in Artillery-street, aforesaid,
and other Premises.
The Premises may be viewed by leave of the respective Tenant*,
and printed Particulars may be had on the Premises at the said
Master's Chambers in Southainptim-buildings, Chancery-hum : of
Messrs. N'andercom and Comyn, Solicitors, 'Z. Buse-lane. Cannon-
street ; of Mr. Paten, solicitor, Church-street, bpitaltields - of
Mr. A. Clarke, solicitor, Biehopsgate Church-yard ; Mr. Dolton,
solicitor, Austin-friars; and 111 r. R. Co.'.. solicitor, Crutched-
friars, London ; and at the Inns inchmore Hill.
VANDWERIXI3I and CONY hl,
Plaintiff's Solicitors.

pAnLUMENTART IN2TLXIGENCE.

HOUSE OF LORDS, MoirpAY,llllAv li.

OATHS OF OFFICERS OF
Mr. Tomlin, from the Treasury, presented a return of oaths
taken by officers of the Ekeise, in pursuance of the orda of the
liouse.
ISLINGTON IMPROVEMENT BILL.
Lord ELLt:NBORGUGH presented a petition from the inha-
bitant% of St. Mary, Islington, praying that the Islington Improve-
ment Bill may not pass into • ker.—Laid on the table.

SECRET SOCIETIES (IRELAND'.
The Duke of LEINSTEIt presented a petition from certain
Freemasons of Ireland, praying to be exempted from the operation
of the Secret Society Act.
The Earl of KINGSTON presented a similar petition from
some other Freennutons of Ireland, both of which were laid on the
table.
The Bishop of 1,1311111('K presented a petition prayit:g (as
we understood) that secret awwelations should be abolished alto-
gether. The Right lies. Prelate, In offering this petition to the
notice of their Lordships, made several observations, which, from
the confusion that prevailed amongst the great crowd of strangers
below the bar, it was impossible to bear.—The petition waa laid
on the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE COMMONS.
Sir .1. Grehstn, and others from the Uontmons, brought up
several private Bills, which were mid a fint time.

RESTORED TITLES.
The Earl of SHAFTESBURY premed the report of thc Se.
leer Committee appointed to search for precedents referring to the
restoration of honours, which the Noble Earl moved should be
printed.—Ordered.
COLONIAL SLA‘'ERY.
Lord SI'FFI F. 1.1) presented a petition from certain inhabitants
of the county of Norfolk, praying that slavery may be abolished in
the colonies. The Noble Lord prwaenusl similar petitions front
a place in Norfolk, and front Shaftesbury, in Donetshire as did
the Marquis of 14ANSDOWN front certain inhabitants of 'Whitby,
in Yorkshire, which were severally laid on the table.
RECOVERY OF SMALL DEB'f S.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN presented petitions final the
shopkeisers and ahem of Ems, In Herefordshire, and from the
tradesmen of Caine, in Wiltshire, praying that some measure may
be adopted for the more effectual recovery of small debts, which
were both laid on the table.
STANDING ORDERS OF THE 11017.iE.

The Earl of LAUDERDALE rose for the purpose of moving
the Order of the Day for the consideration of his resolutions rela-
tive to the standing orders of the House, the object of which was,
to prevent Bills for incorporating Joint Stock Companies passing
through the OM', excepdng under retain regulations. The No-
ble Lord then moved some alterations in the resolutions that he
tad brought under the notice of their hunlithips, and proposed
that they should be taken into consideration on a future day.
The :Barques of LA NSISIWN thought it was • question how
far it would be prudent for their lordships to apply the principle
of the 'rewire which his Noble Friend (Lord Lauderdale) had in-
troduced, and which he approved of, to Ireland. Ile did not know
whether it would not be right to throw out of view that country al-
together in connection with these resolutions. However he might
wish to administer a check to the speculations in England, which
were particularly referred to by his Noble Friend's measure, he
should not like to administer a similar check to such speculations
in a part of the country where capital to any extent could only be
applied through their medium. Ile thought it was the duty of the
legislature to protect ths transmission of capital from this country
to Ireland ; and their Lordships could not encourage persons to
transmit capital to Ireland if they made them liable to the full
amount of their capital subacribcd, before they knew how the con-
cern they had embarked their money in was likely to answer. The
House could not espeet them to pay four fifths of their capital
before they even knew whether the speculation would go on. If
such were the ease, it would absolutely extinguish the employment
of English capital in Ireland. To purchase shares in chartered
companies was the most ready and the most common mode for the
employment of English capital in Ireland. Ile won'd allow that
it would lie well to see what capital was to he employed in these e pc-
(mistime, ; but not on a rehms ficie case to check the employment
of capital in these sreulations, because four-tilths ot it acre not
paid down.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE hoped that be should never mind

should trove to have read and laid upon their 1 eardshiple Subic, salt
which was full of t expect and gratitude towards their idlbeips,
for the diepoeitieei they had on various QCCAlliOti sheen to the
Roman t'aitholica of Ireland ; bat still they begged humbly and
respectfully to state the several. pleated under which they at
prewnit laboured. They mated than-the peat measure of the Union.
from which so much was andeipaued ter than, anted or realizing
their hopes, had not only destroyed toe expel:toads they had
formed, but evils had resulted from it,.and niany of the eluting
distresses of Ireland had been ;outvoted by that ineasove ; the
great evil of which was, that a large proportion of the proprietors
the soil had been withdrawn from the country in consequence of tile
Uninn. The petitioners complained ootonle generally of tier *Mom
of tithes, and the manner in which they were collected, but pas.
tieuluiy that seven-eighths of the tion were compelled to con-
tribute to a church to which they PdTatt belong ; and the conker
this system were much serge Sled by the insult and ispriach that
were cut upon Catholics by pawn connected with fth peti- •
timers also complained of the athadietration of jost4e in
i
not In the superior Goody end garlinderly the coma of .rw •
Bench, where it was punt sea i pertiat ; but in du staiddiease
Courts, in the juristlistien opridch jested? or miser mimosa-o'as
so administered that it *is don lo be op tut the Catlaaliee.
.1•b.
petitioners declared, that Mine des lade of Ohio% in Inland they
outfoxed much from Odtposselsoor whisk hod prodded oaredian
and faction against ilsetignets its uses what they were
to Orangemen. They made cordpilinio 4d spiatt the
particularly those of Waterford and T. ' , Cod to
justice of their couspiedu they preyed ' dehips ites evaD be
the Reports of reergrantoLloyd and Torrent with referents to that
subject. ThiPetitioners went on to state that it was in 'kis to loft
for a settlement of the distorliances that affected Ireland jhkne the
House inquired into the state of the church, and ef&eted a mforns
in it. The disfranchisement 9f Corporations was alto necessary for
the tranquillity of the count; y. it would be most desirable, in
the opinion of the petitioners, that Orangeroeishould be ezcluded
farm the marietracy, alit they also prayed that Catholics should
be relieved from the disabilities that they now labour(' under.
Before he promoted this petition, he made it to* bulginess to in-
quire whether it contained anything di • to their Lord-
ships' House; and when lie found that it wee'eowellied is ion-
gouge the most proper and decorous, no farther dnoreideleed on
him than to present it to the notice of the Hada; for although
differing in opinion from the petitioners in sonic of the points to
which they adverted, he coneetred that he shOtild not be justified
in denying the means of access to their Lordships, in order for
them to seek rcdreu. 'lt was.nediweryfiwhim to my thus much.
because there wet e many opinions both in the statement and prayer
of the petition in which be could not concur; sad Mtn telling the
petitioners this fact, which he felt it his bounden duty to do,_ they
informed him that they wished him to portent it to their Lord-
ships, and give it all the support that he could to consistently with
his views on the subject. As to the main object of the pennon,
which was to remove from the Catholics the disabilities under which
they labour, which muted them as a proscribed elms, and Pohlad
them out to insult and redoach—and which he believed to be re.
motel), and immediately connected with the disturbances of behind
—he hoped the time would not be far diet ant 'when their Lordships
would consider this question, and then he would support it with
the same zeal that he had evinced on former occasions, when the
House were deliberating on this important topic. It had been si
measure that he had so oftenpressed =Vie attention of their Lord-
ships, the expediency, necessity. and . justice of which he so
strongly felt, that be must always lament new difficulties being
thrown in the way of it. He repitted that there were many state-
ments in die petition that he could not °deur in, and site woo the
passage in which the petitioners sailed that the Orangemen owed
their support to an illustrious personage. However strongiy that
illustrious person might feel the necessity of opposing the Catho-
lics, he (Lord Grey) was confident that the natural benevolence of
his heart would lead him to wish that his (elks, - objects should par-
take of all the benefits of the (dnstitution; and that nettling but a
strong sense of paramount duty could induce him to give that op-
position to the Catholic body that they had always receive d at Isis
hands. A constant struggle between the performance of a moot
important public duty. ant the proverbial kindness of that WM..
trious person's dispmettpn must have always taken place cc the
agitation of this question. Those who signed this petition were
unadvised in making this statement, end it was not good policy to.
connect the prayer of it with some of the statements that a
la it. and particularly with that sweeping chuis: e relating tolestV-
frenelthernent of eorpusetiona. He lanmemed that this peeked
should differ se much in its language from forma* petitions ; bat it
ICC:Ito be the natural consequence of the add of civil di re-
nfmosity in that country, which had been so bountifully
provided foe by Provided; and which Possessed every advert-
, tags to make her a seams d strength to this kingdom, in-
head of a entree of weakness, as she was. Indeed, from her
capabilities and natural resources, she night to be the thief
pillar of thi strength of England • for Ireland was a country
abounding in the best gifts of Providence, and inhabited by
a people who were brave, generous, and humane. What a con-
trust appeared between the advantagea derived from nature by be.
Land, and the, state of distress and distraction she at present ex-
hibited ; and that this should occur without fault on the part echo
Government was contrary to common sense. This gave their
Lordships an admirable manatee of the memorable theisicei of the
present administration on this gloat question ; by one pert d that
administration the hopes of the Catholics were etched—by the
other the fears of the Protestants were assuaged ;
_the despair of
the one and the exulting triumph of the other produced such 111113 i
moth, as, never was before excited in Ireland. He felt, as hr
always had don; sinxious and zealous for the aecomplishmeat if
the measure retail?, to in the petition that he held an his head
and if he could by any effort produce its ultimate sumer he shield
feel great eatisfactid, and he would do all in his power in behalf of
it. In the sincere and anxious wish that he entertained for its being
considered by their Lordships, and which had much more to sup-
port it than his assertions on that night.—for all his former conduct
gave practical proof or his zeal in the cause of the Catholics,—he
should content himself by moving that the petition be resd ; after
adverting to one other point, which was to assure their Lordships
that he wes not standing three as the apologist deny language that
was intemperate or imprudent. No intemperance of language or
violence or principles %Medd ever find support from him ; but
whatever he thought was likely to tend to the security of the empire
he would always zealously recommerd, and he sincerely be-
lieved that the chief olOct: prayed for in the petition would
have that erect. Allowarcc must be made for the pethidine
for any intemperarce or language that they might kw been
betrayed into t for they had been marked by mach injos-
tire and great op on. It was not his intestior during the
present Session to found any measure :on the petition which he then
moved should be read. The clerk then read the petition, which
was of great length, and ou the Noble Earl moving that it be laid
on the table.
The LORD CHANCELLOR objected to the presentation of
the petition on a point of form. It being divided into two sheets.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE stated, that the standing other
of the House ought to be enforced.
The Earl of HARILOWRY sail, that the bat sheet was ad-
thesied to no one.
The Petition was then withdrawn.
The Marquis of LA NSDOWN presented a petition from the
Roman Catholics of the osanty of the coy of Limerick, raying to
be relieved from the disabilities they laboured under.
Lord HOLLAND presented • similar petition from the Roman
Catholics of New Ross, la the County of Wexand ; both of which
were laid on the table.
OATHS OF OFFICE.
The Earl of LIV LRPOOL obsetved that he hell in his baud
a Bill which he should move to be reed a tint dine' the. object of
which was to render it unnecessary for Officers in the Eecise to take
arty other oaths than the oath of allegiance and the oath of sad.
The measure was framed to obviate objections as moths peosible.
and embraced al the offices exceu those of the General Hisszd. Me
should more that the Rill be then read • first time.
The Marge!, of LA NSDOW N nee with pleasure to give his
approbation so the measure proposed by the Noble Earl opposite.
lie was glad tone that was to he doer directly which had been at-
tempted to be done indirectly. Two out if the three pv1,6,461100 he
had offered to the consideration of the House on this subject hod bees
acquieseesl in by their Lordships. Ts:position, at the time be
mentioned, bad been made in the pro , that the Duke of Nor-
folk, as Hereditary Earl Marshal of :ngland, Amid be relieved
from the oaths attached to his office that he mild not conscien-
tiously take, and which compelled him to pertrwm its duties be
deputy, and now the ofofficers of the revenue were to be relieved by
a Rill brought in by his niejeste's Government
Lord KING reproved his Noble. Friend toe rejoicing at the in-
troduction of that Rill, as if lie was sore that it would paws
Though coming from the Noble Lad opposite. that was by sato
means certain. .Ittarchy and insurrection pecsailcd in the canna.
and if that was the redoubtable commander olio talked of niateb-
ing to Paris, "Qui:Were ns.atattes lib l'l !" It he wished to carry his
Bill, let him not address those little notes, which 3,OIIICUTUIS
issue front the Treasury, to tell of attenOance and second readings.
to his own friend—

" Fate at they are fair.
Do not .end them there."

The TIM was then read a fit trine.

- - -
hoed I'ALTIIOR PR presented a petition hem the inhabitants
of Birmingham, praying for the adoption of determined, tempt-
rate. and judicious measures, atterded with a fair
the interest% of the Coloti.ts, to plate the black po lobo d *fp
West bulks, and of the English passmaion% on the Consioeste
America, in the enjoymentj of she same rights as °thew British
subjecta.—Rtad and laid on the table.

WELCH JUDICATURE-
Lewd CAVCDOK introduced thous resolutions, the object of
which was to reform the mode of adatiststering justice b Wales.
by extending the circuits of E*Nind to that country.
The LORD CHANCELIAM mooed the motion. He ea.
