...~„

t'MT:=

of the Zedes and sub del:qtr.:ls; those for whom
an acquittal from an accusation, involving a crime
tending to the re-establishment of Royalty, was ever
a triuinphi—What then is to be infurred from all
this?-1 hat there no longer exists enemies of the
aaaal order of things, but amongst those who have
at all times borne the standard of Royalty • so true
is it, that there• are still individuals who have con-
spired in private against the public happiness, who
secretly invoke fresh civil dissension.s, who neither
can put off the old charac'ler nor be regenerated in
the national glorf. No Government, even the most
perfect, will ever obtain their approbation, should it
nos be that of Louis the Si xtemth.
Certainly it is provoking„ that men should still be
flsund so incrusted (WI may, use the expression) with
the spirit of slavery and debasement; at least it is
consoling to see the immense majority of the nation
tread with confidence in the course marked by the
Government; for there is not a single virtuous
Freachroan that does not rely with pride on the rec-
titude of the First Consul; and we have all a pledge
in his glory for the magnanin.ity of his views.—
(Barred from the Rouen Journal.)

DUTCH MAIL.

CUNSTANTINOM E, JAN. 7.
General Brune, Ambassador from the French
Republic, is arrived here.

CONSTANT! NOPLZ, JAN. 10.
_ .

On the 26th of December, in the evening, an
Adjtitant of General Stuart. had :t conference with
the Reis Effendi, and proposed, in the name of the
English Government, that the Porte should grant
a para!nt to the Egyptian Beys, and assign them a
distant place in Upper Egypt for their residence,
where they should engage to live peaceably, and
condud themselves as faithful subjetcts of the Porte.
The Reis Effendi, who had expetled very differ-
ent proposals from the English Adjutant, answered,
that the Porte would communicate its determination
on this snhjeEt to the iLnglish Ambassador Lord El-
gin. The latter accordingly had several conferences
with the Reis Effendi, and the Negociatiun was yes-
terday evening brought to a conclusion, as Lord
Elfin took his learl of the Grand Vizier. The
Porte has, in faa, contrary to general cxpeftation,
granted a pardon to the Drys, under the following
conditions:
1. Th,- csvalr; of the Nfitmetikes shall enter immediately
into the service of t:ie ncira of Cairi.
2. Too l' ,rte will Amiga to the six Mitt rnt Be: s, the little
Town of Awan, in tr,:per Reypt, where tney r ii in
pt ice, and ste:ject to the P.,rte, without interfering, in any
manner,' in the pubic affairs and government of Egypt.
As soon as this Convention was concluded, Lord
Elgin declared officially to the Grand Vizier, that
Egypt should be immediately evacuated by the
English troops, which would be conveyed from
thence to Malta. The latter Island the English
will continue to retain possession of, till they have
certainty of the maintenance of Peace between Eng-
land and France. •
On the 6th inst. the French Ambassador, General
Brune, arrived here with the squadron from 'f on;
lon, consisting of a ship of the line, a frigate, two
brigs, and two corvettes. This squadron likewise
brought the French Agents of Legation and Com-
merce destined for the different ports of the Levant.

JAN. 12.
The 7th instant arrived here, the French Am-
bassador, GenerJi Brune, with a squadron of six
ships of war. He did not, however, come on
shore till the Fth, when, on landiag, he was sa.
lilted by a general discharge from all the ships.
The loth, all the French here assembled in the
church of the Capuchins, to hear mass for the wel-
fare of the Republic and of the new F.m:iassy ;
ter which Te Deur:4 was sung, and the French ships,
on a signal given from one .of the Hotels, fired their
guns. The Capitan Puha ordered 25,000 ekes of
iresh nr:tat and. a considerable sum of money for
bread, t. •he dis7ibuted among-the crews.
The Russian Ambassador, llatskinsky, lately ar-
rived here.

Lord Elg;n has embarked, and will Zurtly set
sail on his return.

RATISROIC,_Tr.n..IB.

The extraordinary Deputation Empire
held this" day its forty-sixth sitting. The Directo-
rial Minister on that occasion announced the receipt
of a Decree on the evening before from the Imperial
Minister, by which he accedes to the decision rela-
tive to the indemnities to be granted to the Counts of
the empire, and intimates that he has made a com-
munication to this eired to the Ministers of the Me-
diating Powers.
'I he Dire Curial Minister afterwards announced,
that i:1 consequence of the conclusum of the 16th, he
had a coakrence with the Ministers of the Mediating
Powers; that he had communicated to them those
parts of the conchm.un which had received modifi-
cation 5, and gave them all the necessary information on
the subje&.' He added, that these Ministers had de-
sired that some change should be made in several
of the modified paragraphs.
The Dinaorial Minister then explained what was
the nature of these changes. Their Highnesses the
sub-delegates answeied, that as the new modifica-
tions required by the Ministers of the mediating
powers did not differ essentially from the senti-
ments of the Deputation, there could he no difficulty
in blending them with the general conclusum.

Coax ENCHANC:C, MARCH 7.—Our importation
of Wheat this day is- extremely great, with many
buyers; prices of but quality are full ‘2s. down
Middling and other sorts had a further reduaion.
Barle:y:ssid Malts plentiful and cheaper ; as also are
Peas and Beans. We have an extraordinary sup-
ply cf English Oats, winch i<o oil' at a reduCtion of
Is.
,and quarter. Prices of Flour are noted
at small fluctuation.
• RyTkiRrt.PRFCE OF GRAIN AS UNDER :
Witt. 44. NOI 01 Tick B ans. "6= ^1) of
Fine 't7t 58s Od.
4467. • 2;ci.od Nitwits. :'Uk Ud
Milt • 404 44. 04 I Flue Flour 445. 471. 04
Rye. as St; Od Secoad ditto 405. 44:
White Pea .e As Ol GreTPettsz
Beans' Sts 35sRape Seed,
Orders have issued from the War-OfEce, for
the ttritiect enquiry into ibe" state and discipline of
Chelmsford Burraeks, from whence soldiers are
supposed to have gene out nightly, ciiiring•the last
month, and committed various highway robberies
on the inhabitants of that neighbour-114;cl

•••

0
