4

r)

BAYONNE PAPERS.

the Co►tee proceed'd to the consirierstion of the

Ipllowtog Intl
4. Aelhuriiy i■ Elven to the Government, whereby it
may freely remove from wise province to another penman en-
jwyiag amp salary or pension from the Trenstery, ahlinionh
they may not ■thrill, be is the exercise of any duties; and
the mid persons ahtll not have it in their power to prevent
nevelt retwessill by any men's, nit eves by the reitignatissis trf
their emolanseuts."

Senor Bury observed that the Committee appeared
to have gone beyond the wishes of the Got/eminent
iu the drawing up of this article. The Government
hod in view the necessity of a memorial, stating the
wounds of the removal, being taken into considera-
tion; but the Committee relieved them front the
oecesaity of even this from. The question was of
great interest, since it two! ved nothing less than the
repose of families nod the personal liberty of ("in-
itial, which might b! trampled un iu virtue of the
introduction by tlw Committee of the word freely,
. which was in his opinion equivalent to delpigindly.
With redirect to the last clause of the article. he
considered it quite repugnant to the constiiutiou.
If »ny person, paid by the State, renounced his
emolumeots, he placed himself in the situation of
a privvte einsen, who could not be compelled to
change his place of abode, except by a legal sen-
tence.
Senor Romero, observed that, thoogli a public
v!fiver who resigned. 'aileron,' speaking, might be
said to place himself in the situation of • privase
'<queen, yet here the case was different, for the
committee had to consider whet was to be done
with persons who might resign and renounce their
emoluments, in order to frustrate the intentions of
the Government. The Ministers must be responsi-
ble lur the exercise of the power which was given
them.

.S.-nor Arguelles observed, that while in the ex-
•ett:ise of his functions, the agent ought to support
,the Government; but if he think fit to oppose it,
limn morality end public convenience require him
^ to renounce his office.

• After several other Deputies had woken, the de-
bate Nal oritereil to ire elPaetl, and the voting In be
. nominal. The find question brine put, the Arti-
cle was carried ; the votes in the affirmative being
: the negative 53.

The 'it'll Article was then proposed in the fol-
lowing 'trine:-
6' 5. 011 soy tans e► plaice being allotted by t►e enemies
of ibe Commit.lion, if the premiss receiving salaries or pen-
sions from the GOTtiollbeni JO sot prewar themselves for the
purpose of sepellieg mud pursuing sir factious, and of per•
• terming lie service. which the Chiefs or Magistrates snay
•wigs le these, they shall be deprived of two-ibirds of them
emoluments"

This article was approved without soy debate.
A thsctmion arose on the following
6. A tow. "FM* beiag *limbed by a somber of radi-
o'. less this owe fourth of its pootslatioa, does mot defrod
st+r!f, shell be *blued to waiotaiu the military force which
tl:e Greer:ll of tbe army or Cowatauaaat of the distract my
dretitie fur its orcapasioo."

Afer some further debate. in which the piisiciple
of the article was approved. but the terms in which
it was drawn up objected to. it was referred back to
tt:e Cou'indite to be ameoded.—Adjoarutd.
MADRID. OCTOIIIB. 2s.
The following official nonce has beau published
et Vigo:—

6. l'hr Clearged'Afraireafroni Spain to Portugal has written
t•. me re follows, ender the date of the 21st of Sept. tub. r :-
6 The Portuguese Gumernmest has appoiateel Field-Marvhsl
Lois .lo R.go to rake the military command of the province*
of Enloe Doom I Midas, wader the idea of redoing in that
territory a division of the Portuguese army, which may be in
grirdiures to foissieh us assimaace is cam the liberty of the
Yen:n.4.l4 vhould require it. The assurances arldtb 1 have
e:wed from this General, both personally and theough
means of the ilisies4r of Justice, Silva Carvallo, h a
psirn.d.rn, islour, aid affection for the Spanish maltose,
en +ell as snarly other eiresenstanees ',speedos him, do
.:ore me to her, that as soots as be take the color
a,..aS of dist territory, he will adopt such in
as will net only drive away the rebel refugees, sod
anniLslate their hopes, but will ',dike terror into those
Portaguese &tutu. ttttt s which have cuateiled and pro-
fleeted seich cesatuals. 1 fed it my duty to forward this is-
f uranstain to your Excellency. and paiticularly as the said
General has iodinated to use that be will hawe the greatest
ta-
bafactius is s soden into *correspondence with tho Spanish
Anti...idea, nod coarributing, by every means is bis power,
towards lbw raaperity anal dasipaillity of both States.'

Immediately es remit ing this information 1 waited oe
_General Luis do Rego, for the purpose of adviskag with him
tau 11w brat means of depriving the rebels of all shelter is
this kingdom ; when be made me the verbal offer of panda(
Into ibis province sith 8.000 nun, of cavalry and artillery,
as noun at he thould hara frost me that such a proceed-
tug should he ore rrrrr y, in elder to check the seditious,
if they should presume to disturb the public tranquillity,
or attempt soy thing in opposition to our 'shirty. He
aftereraide retitled in • confidential letter addressed
to me the same offers, •nd enclosed a copy of
the order which he hap addressed to all the civil authot Vies
of 'be frontier, deatrisig them to recognise no passport as le-
giantism which should not he ur countersigned by sue;
and to this end papers contaiisiag my &omissive have been
for warded to the said authorities, is order that they may be
•ble to recogalse it, and they have her • charged to weal all
Spaniards she presume to peas without that doeuniret.
" Worthy Cusstitutionaliets! Persist in your oubk re-
sullatims of dying rather than (anis( into ea tgruminiusse
slavery. Weak and 'simple-minded wee, listen mot to the
latieguage of your infamous seehmers; By from them as from
your most mustal cocottes, who would render you the parti•
cipaiors of their wretched situation ; behold the gene-
nt.. Portuguese patios reedy to waist us is emeriti-
li•ting them, Red you, timsatural sous of a cotton,
which should sever have give, you birth, behold the pee-
cipice to which the enormity of your crime* to hurrying you ;
your death is tafaltible—either oil the scaffold or On the
ettotds of the timpanists's attains to ulllOlll the ammo bits
...ii.llJed her deftate. Abandua the pat►ofenwe, and view
the 'torrid abyss taw which you are about to precipitate your-
mlves, with the nom of the swiveled upon your heeds. Lis-
ten to the Isaseatettues of your mothers, your wives, sod
your child,.,, who with teen Ito their eyes implore you nag ha
atrauJoa them to the amerce' wretchedness—deprivei E
of the consolation of twin able tu excite co•apasillek is
a. e.itive breasts. Behold your inaoceet children, who, ea
animate/ the age of reason, will heap curses os the asthma of
their days, who ti ill bate left them mu other snheritaike than
the opprobrium and flea doservedly bestowed oa those
she have pruned traitors to their country. How dreadful
is the idea! All! tura from your errors, and implore the
indulgence of your country, as that of as •ffectionale mo-
ther she is afillittel by the bad coutluet of her inatiortby
rbilairo, but who holds open her ludelgeut arias to those
%W.', unmety repentant, implore bee protection.
" Vigo, October 14, 1841 "

RAMON LOSADA.

a•TOMXI. OCTOBER 46.
The affair at Pompeii's's haa not had the terrible
-meg that there VBE trAKEI to apprehend.
to fulfil the promise made to the troop. of
'mann to briug the guilty to trial, Colonel
and Capt.ion Salaber►i, bath belonging to
•y of the Filth, bare been atutenced to the

4

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LONDON,
MONDAY, Novsmaga 4, mt.

The Peris Pipers up to Friday have arrived.
Ou Wednesday M. BENJAMIN CONSTANT, and
the Editors of the four Liberal Journals,
Courier Francois, Constitusiumel, Paiute, and the
Journal du Commerce, appeared before the Tribu-
nal of Correctional Police, the former charged with
having composed, and the others with having pub-
lished a letter respecting the deposition of M. Le
CAaaras, Sub-Prefect at Seumur, before the As-
size Court of Poitiers. The said letter is de-
nounced es containing insults against a public Nue-
titulary, for having duly discharged his duty ; and
against a witness, in coasequence of the tenor of
his testionouy. M. B. CONSTANT occspied a seat
reserved for hun between thernbuual and the Advo-
cates' beach,. (.)ii bring called upon to declare his
mime. profession, lee. he replied :--" I declare that
I du tot admit the competence of this Tiibunal to
try woe. letc..use I have appealed against the decree


of the Cbamher of Conceit, by •irtue of which t
sin thus cited before the Correctional Police. But,
in order to evince pry \respect for the laws, and for
authority, although incompetent, I- am ready to
answer you." Some objections to the competency
of the Court were also made by the Counsel for
the Editors of the Joornale. After a short deli-
beration the Court deferred the suit to • future
day, in order to take into consideration these seve-
ral pleas. M. B. CONSTANT has received another
anntmons to appear this week, to answer to an in-
dictment corroded upon hi► letter to M. MANGIN,
Procureur-General, attached to the Royal Court of
Poitiers.

The first conference of the Ministers of the four
Powers of the Holy Alliance took place at Veront
on the 90th last. The Duke of WELLtsurox
was the onlyfforeign Plenipotentiary admitted. An
extraordinary courier strived at the British Em-
bassy in Paris, on the evening of the 29th, from Ve-
rona, and one was dispatched in the course of the
same night by Sir CHARLTA STUART, to that city.
The King of PoaTuciat. issued a Decree on the
9111 ult., ordering all demonstrations of joy to be
suspended on the litb, the anniversary of his son's
birth-city, " until, by his obedience to the leas
and to his father's orders, he should render himself
worthy of the Royal and paternal indulgence."

Madrid PApers to the 25th last have been received.
Among our extracts will be found an official notice,
announcing the appointment of the Field Marshal
Luis DE Kano by the Portuguese Government to
the military command of the provinces of Entre
Duero y Minho, under the idea of forming in that
territory a division of the Portuguese army, which
may be in readiness to furnish assistance to Spain, in
ease the liberty of the Peninsula should require it.
It is also confidently presumed that England is de-
cidedly opposed to any foreign interference by force
in the internal concerns of Spain. It can never be
the interest of England to see the Peninsula re-
duced, like Naples, to a state of vassalage under
the Holy Alliance ; it cannot be grateful to her
feelings to behold the country which she raised at
the expense of her blood and treasure to light and
liberty, replunged in slavery and darkness. That
the hero who reaped such glory on her soil,
who was the great instrument of her present eleva-
tion, should favour any meditated attempt for her
ruin, is not reconcilesble with the ordinary prin-
ciples that govern human actions.

Turin and Frankfort Papers, the latter to the
With last, have arrived. It is stated in a letter from
Trieste, that the Turks were obliged to evacuate
the Morea principally by waot of forage and pro.
visions.

The most recent accounts from Verona repeat that
no foreign interference will take place in the internal
affairs of Spain or Turkey. The only hint given of
Any possible cause of disunion among the Allies, is
a statement that the Duke of WELLINGTON has
strongly solicited a declaration from Austria, that
uo attempt should be made to add any of the Ita-
lian States to her dominion; from which it might
be inferred that such desigos were really entertained
by that Power, and which it would be the policy of
England to prevent, in order to avoid the risk of
additional restrietioos on the trade of the Mediter-
ranean, which Aust►ia might be likely at some
future period to iurpo►e. This circumstaoce, how-
ever, it is obvious, can lead to no serious disa-
greement.

Friday morning the Valorous, 26, Captain JANES
MURRAY, arrived at Portsmouth, from St. Jahn s,
Newfoundland, io fourteen days, bringing Vice-
Admiral Sir CHARLES HAMILTON, Hart. Governor
of that Lady HAMILTON, and family. Sir
CHARLES having resided at the seat of his Govern-
ment four years, has returned to England on six
months' leave of absence. We are happy to hear
that the fisheries have been more surces►ful this,
than during the last twenty years. In the early part
of the season the catch of seals was very great, and
in the latter part a great quantity offish was taken.
The advantages of this profitable employ will be
experienced throughout the winter. All the ships
of urn employed on the station are to return home
fur the winter, except the Grasshopper, 18, Cap-
tain BUCHAN, viz.—the Hanger, 20, Captain, P.
Flunk ; Pandora, 18, Captain HUNS ; Peher,
Lieutenant Cvaay ; and the Clinker, Lieutenant
EAGER. The Peller awl Clinker sailed with the
Valorous ; the Pandora is to call at Cadiz ; the
Ranger was appointed to leave St. John's on the
25th.

Letters from the Cape of Good Elope, dated
the 22d of August, state that the weather had ret
in fine, but the emigrants in the various localities
were suffering severely from scarcity.—The Andro-
*ruche (Commodore Nowtst), Leven, Heron, and
BUIOCOIIia, were in Synsou's Bay. The ship Royal
George, which was driven on shore in the fermi
gales, had been got off, not much damaged.—The
6.1., 49th, and 55th regiments, stationed in the
Colony, were healthy.
His Majesty's ship Morgiana arrived at Bahia
July 23, from Sierra Leone, and sailed for the
West Indies August 13.—The Blossoms, 26, at
Bahia July 30.—The Pheasant, 18, at Pernam.
buco August 19, and sailed for Marstiliam on the
16►h.—The flype►ion frig:lie, Captain LILLICIAP,

arrived at gartadues s.ptetober 12, Irmo the Cape
of Good Elope.—The Bose and Martin arrived at
Smyrna September 17.

Advice. from Cadit of the 6,h ult.. by way of
Gibraltar, state that It Draw was performed on
the preceding Sunday at Port St. Mary's, on ac-
count of the total disappearance of the fever with
which that place hid been threatened. It appears,
notwithstanding the alarming accounts publisilied in
the French Papers, that chile two crates of fever
had in reality occurred at Port St. Mary's, end
that in both instances the persons had recovered.
Official notices to this effect had heels posted up in
all the neighbouring towns. so that throughout the
I■la generally all fears of sackiiesr hail ceased.
Neither at San Um, Xeres, or Lebriiii, had a
single case of fever occurred, and the surrounding
district generally had never kuown a more healthy
autumn.

Letters have been received from Pernambuco,
dated the 16th September, which rate that some
distrust having arisen respecting the political seats-
ments of the members of the Junta, who were sup.
posed insincere in their declarations of attachment to
the PRINCE REGENT, a tumultuous assemblage of
the inhabitants took place on the 16th, with a demand
for their removal, sod the popular voice ultimately
prevailed. A new election of the members was
fixed for the Sunday following at Olinda. PORE-
EOllO, the former Governor, recently returned from
Lisbon, was appointed Military Governor. Tran-
quillity was quite restored at the date of the advice..
Au express has arrived from Madrid, which left
that capital at midnight on the 25th ult. Ve learn
by the letters of that day, that the rum to be raised
in loans has been declared by the Government to be
10,000,000 reale de reale, answering to a capital of
800,000,000 of meals, rquivalent, at the present
price of Spanish securities, to about 5.600,0004
sterling. Several agents appointed by capitalists in
London and Parrs were in Madrid for the purpose of
making proposals fur supplying the Spanish Go-
vernment with that sum, or different portions of it
respectively. Madrid was in a slate of perfect tran-
quillity. It had been determined by the Ministry
to bring to immediate trial those Noblemen sus-
pected of having favoured the insurrection of the
guards on the 7th of July.

The Quotidienne states, on the alleged authority
of letters from Saumur, "that in the night between
the 2611 i and 27th of October, Lieut. WOLFEL,
who arrested Gen. BRUTON, WWI stabbed as he was
returning home after having gone his rounds. As he
had a great cost over his coat, the violence of the
blow was diminished, and the dagger penetrated
only a few lints into his breast. The wound, though
inflicted on the side of the heart, was not moldered
mortal. Lieut. WOLFE', immediately received all
the assistance required, and active search was made
after the assassins, who, there ■re many reasons to
suppose, are connected with the infernal sect of the
Csrbonsri."

Gibraltar Papers to the Bth inst. have arrived,
from which we clime' the following :

GIMALTAR, OCtOMt 8.

Za!diver is officially stated to hare entered Albers on the
20th of last mouth, atter defeating • small body of the mili-
tia of that lowa, and to have selearquessly exacted from
the iohabitants a thousand dollars fur the ransom of eight
pri takes is the esestintrr, aid committed several
utber excesses. At that date be had • hundred and lifty
horse with him. Of this number about nor half must have
separated from him shortly after, for be had only from 70
toll() on the 29th, when he was attacked by nearly an equal
force, under Colonel Ordnance, sear the Almagro farm, and
completely rooted, with the loss of 15 killed and • number
of wounded. It is added that ZsWivar was attended in his
Alight by 15 or 10 Imo only. On the 30th be was sitar the
karrseatin form, sad on the evening of that day had au en-
gagement with another party of horse. wader Bs iiradier Cha-
outs, the result of which was 'sphagnum.
The Civil Governor of Carth•gena has brought about a ►e-
eoucilialios between the Firtt Akede and the Town Council.

A Maltese vessel, snider English colours, bnuud from Eon-
inaatioople for t►e Turkish fortresses at Negropoote, has
bens taken peseession of by t►e Grerk naval force off Leta•
da, of the N.W. point of Negroponte, sad her cargo (wheat)
being suspected to belong to she Turkish Goveremeet, was
taken out sad condemned, and the vessel allowed I. depart.

Owing to the doubts thrown on the validity of
the contract fur the Colombian Loan. that and the
other South American Stocks have been much de-
pressed. and uudrrgooe material fluctuations. The
Ent dividend on the Colombian Loan was paid on
Friday. and the closing price of the Stock without
the dividend was 821, which is a fall of I f per cent.
aubsequently to the publicatiou of SABITANDRICI
proclamation.

The Thracian. of 18 guns, Captain J. W. Ro-
1111.8T8. Is now at Chathusn, from which she will sail
with the brat fair wind to the West India station
with dispatches for Admiral Rowt.ay.

The officers of the Garges entertained Captain
Col.t.tut at so elegiuit farewell dinner, at the
George Inn. on Friday, at Portsmouth; and ou
Thursday evening (slier the ship was paid off) a
body of the ship's comp.ny landed at Mitt. and
proceeded in procession, with a band isf music. to
the Geo►ge Inn, to deposit the fl.g of our of the
Persian pirates, which Captain COLLIIiII struck,
durnig the attacks made on those marauders, in the
Persists Gulf, and to give their brave Co tttttt ander
three cheers.

The Rusairn frigate Kraizer, Captain L•z•.
itorr, accompanied by • Russian Gutter ttttt eat
store-ship, will sail to.morrow from l'ortsmoeth,
Ilhould the wind prove favourable, fur Rio Jimeito
■rid the North Paedic Ocean, to visa the Hussies'
settlements therein, and ensile discoveries.

On Monday the Topate frigate was paid off at
Portsmouth by Column I'atc► BLACKWOOD. rod
on 'flowley the Ganges. 86, by Captain F. Cut.-
use. C.B. and both ships were laid up in °Mu.
tiary. Their crews received mole than font years'
pay; and, what is more remarkable. most of them
won afterward left the town to visit then native
places with the money in their pockets. The
Ganges is a remarkably fine teak-built 'ship, of the
first class of second rules, being of the saute tontine
as lb* "NoPws, Poorpie. sod others. Nu tine txtt•
mate can be farmed of her sea (minim its, co her
passage from Bombay. she was wily temporarily
rigged. and had but two guns on board. Her ladeo,
of frame and timber for two ships of the hue of a
similar class, was deposited in Portsmouth Dock-
yard.
R. WARP, EN. M.P., from the Ordnance-office,
has inspected tha artillery ba►racks on the Topsham-
ruud. near Huta, and. we tuideratiod, the whole
will *bort!, be disposed of,

~'

er","
40 ret21.1:i.t... • Prt_\44s

Colleen lilt I
However,
the porn
Givers al
gibe Algal
