ins
seeing Scotchmen as theliwere, and of judging of
them from more intimate and persooal information.
It bad led him to tree the people of Scot land. end ena-
bled him to judge of the manner in whi.ch they were
goveroed; and it would thus enable him more
promptly to redress their wrongs. and more corn-
iopletely to forward their insprottments. it would en-
6ar the King to the people,and ignite the people to
the King. He was peculiarly pleased with the num-
ber of berths,. of big. own meted and mystic order
who had honoured the ceremony by ilitir•interirlance;
aud be was proud in naming to them the Grand
Master Elect (Argyll). who was so loon 1,411 his
place—whose name was dear to Scutlaud in the best
and proudest of her &noels, and whose posterity
would, he hoped—he was sure, never tarnish the
fame of their ancestors. He thanked all his mystic
brethren for their attendance.
When his Grace bad concluded there were three
rounds of very loud, prolonged, and animated
eeiteertnile
After-the cheering had subsided the Duke of
Aktbei, as /*canoe fur the,Comutiosion, in the name
of the Kips. returned thank, to the Grand Master,
Wardens, and brethreu, far their attention, lie
read the preamble of the Act of Parliament, incor-
porating the contributors, of which his Majesty
was the Patron, and concluded by stating, ;hot two
remarkable events were connected to his great
uudertaking—the ground welt broke re day of
the anniversary of Ms Majesty's birth I. is day
the stone was laid, it being tae &noir of the
abolition of Christian slavery k for on t tTIK
fleet under the command of L.ord Exeunt had
laid low the walls of Algiers, mid set the captives
free.

Some cheers followed the speech of his Grace, but
they were faint and few compared with those which
had been bestowed on the Grand Master. Perhaps
they were got up too at least we discovered, 'mid
the thick phalanx of the Grand Lodge, one eight
(without symbol) who was anxiously inquiring for
and applauding Athol, till a wag misdirected his
attention, by pointing to the Duke of Hamilton as
the object of his admiratioo. After this he was si-
lest as to the Commissioner. and applauded the
Grand Master.
About five o'clock the procession, leaving the
Commissioners at their hotel. moved to Freemason.'
Hall, where the Duke of Hamilton again thanked
them—expressed his anxiety to promote their cha-
rity school—and shut the Lodge, amid the most
rapturous plaudits.
The fading manifested by the Members of the
Grand Lodge may be held as no bad criterion
whereby to judge of that of the people of Scotland
generally. They are from all the provinces—are of
the middle class of society—and always persons of
edscation sad discernment. The defference of

Waal, opploonso swabs too Dukes wan thevefore be
coaisideroil -go '6•tonl•tor botemottat si political

• *pinion. - •
Tan VittTRE.
Lost night the King 'wagered the theatre with,
hie preseuce. In the middle of the doh the dans
were besieged by appliceets far admission • but the
doors were not opened leech before Hi regular
hour ; the crush was then tremendoss, sod the pre-
liminary arrangements for preserving order very
imperfectly and inconsiderately executed. It was
understood that surge bet those who bad previously
obtained tickets were to have admission. Darer-
tnoetely, however, the play-hills invited coefusion
by staling that no tickets were to be sold until
after those already issued were admitted. This qua.
lifted promise of admission, as ought to have been
expected, drew a mixed crowd together. clashing into
the avenues of the theatre ; turd them the excionon of
Owe who succeeded in pressing forward without
tickets, and who were again driven back from the
WI door. occasioned the greatest coafusioo to those
who were vainly endeavouring to obtain &CCM with
early purchased tickets. The King arrived at the
Theatre a few minutes after eight o'clock, sod was
conducted to his box by Mr. Murray, the manager.
The loudest acclamations hailed the King's arrival.
The company rose, and the gentlemen stood with
their heads uncovered. except Glengarry, the High-
hind Chieftain, who did not remove his bonnet, until
the cry (particularly from the gallery) was desfening.
He then complied with the popular wish. It ap-
pears, however, that Glengarry wag, as anxious as
any other person to pay homage to the King; but
assumes (or is entitled to) foam old "dna" right of
wearing his bonnet as " King of the Isles." As ,
these clans have been abolished by ace of Parliament.
their representatives are peels,s more jealous of an-
tiquated sad absurd rights.
His Majesty, who was dressed in a military uni-
form, was accompanied by the Dukes of Montrose,
Argyll, and Dorset, the Marquis of Whichever,
Earls Cathcart and Errol, Lords Glenlyon sod
liam Bentirick, and several of his MajesteisEquer-
ries and Howehold. The orchestra and the whole
of the performers immediately struck up the anthem
of God sure the King (which was ale* repeated at
the end of the performance). His Majesty seemed
to pay great attention to the performance, parts of
which he repeatedly applauded, and particularly
Mrs. H. Siddons. in the character of Diana Vernon,
and also the songs of Mr. Huckel. The King !rug ri-
ed heartily at some of the peculiarities of &lithe
Aichol Jarvie (Mr. Mackay). When the Boillie
advises Captain Thornton rout to put stn mach trust
in his Highlanders. and 'aye, that " though they
may gie tine mintier a stab wi' a dirk, or ,a slash
lei' • claymore, they're aye sure to join, in
the lang run, against re them who tar . purees
in their pockets and breeka on their hamlet ends,"
hie Majesty' laughed immoderately st this character
of the Highlanders, who bad during his royal visit
pres.ert around his Majesty with so much devotion.
The praises of the Duke of Argyll by the Bail&
were slim caught by the audience, end &jarred with
great zeal to the descendant of ifforeffebtreore, the
, present Duke, who sttended his Majesty. Lord
Lyturtlock aud several other Peers were cheered as
I they.eesere4 alseis,respective•!nignso hisan after to
) o'clock the performance coucludea. A scramble their
