ed in it. He offered a paper to the concderattoti
of the Live►y; whether he th4puted the statement it
contained, or offered it on proof of his own amnion..
mold not be correctly gathered owing to the noise.
Ilos 01. d 1,0111101 weer before llleftb. It
was nut possible for a turn to lode hi• public, or
even his private conduct for long together. The
Baronet then replied to an observatoiito which st
appeared Mr. Fuer!, made to lotus respecting the
Orphaus' Fund, that It was an untruth.—
There was no money in hand. How 41 ore Mr.
Favell assert that there was money in hand ? All
these were electiou tricks. So was the opposinon
to him on his conduct respecting the Clergy Fire
Tax. His motive fur awing as lie 11111 w.n. a Irish
to support the poor Clergy. ■od oppcwe the rich.
soul lie took credit to Itiois4rlf for opposing the Isar
Cu►.. Bill. which Ile averted be had done with *IIC
eamN He had been abused and villa-J, but no
clatter; he left his cause with his friends. and felt
' doubt of eventual success. —( Load hootiags
threughort.)
M►. Alderman Woou advanced next, and ill

was calmed. He said the Livery were thee. in pin-
sessirtu of the greatert right of Englishmen, the
choosing of four Metre ours to represent the City in
Parliament. It *as Air them to judge who were
the fittest and worthiest persons. He had no claim
I. urge paiticularly in favour of himself. The
manner in which he had executed that end other
duties which the Livery had trusted to him, had
been abundantly rewarded by the proud situation
they had given him on the last election poll. It
would be useless for him to expatiate on what he
would or what he would not do if they should return
him. They all knew that he had no influence or pa-
tronage to exercise in any man's favour, and nothing
could induce him to exercise influence or threat to
actuate a single voter. He had laid out his pest life
in the service of his fellow-citizens, and had received
abundant reward in their coofitlence and support.
If they still approved of his services they loud only
to give lints his old situation oil the poll, sod that,
or even an inferior situation, would be a sufficient
stimulus to induce him to exert his energies •s
actively as ever. In his parliamentary conduct
he had been sedulous and faithful; he had at.
tended the House of Commons early and late ;
he had never missed bring present a single day
its which that House was open, and if any one
should assert the contrary, he doubted not to be
able to undeceive him. He was, as they well
knew, not to be influenced by threats or perils,
whether they came from above or beneath. It was
known that he disregarded the frowns of power,
and was not afraid to meet nor unable to turn a
'nob come from where it would. He would make
io formal professions. He should always determi-
nately support the nglits of the people, and cape-
r-lolly those of his fellow-citizens, and do every
thing in his power for the honour and advantage of
the country.
He retired amidst very loud applause.
Alderman Tuoar next came forward amid the
loud applause of the Livery. He commenced by
saying, that the Liverymen had a very important
right to exercise—. right which concerned their
fortunes and their lives, and what in his eyes were
more valuable than either—their liberties.—(.4p-
p/ause.)—For himself he had but few pretensions
in point °lentil) or influence, but he would yield to
no man living in the independence of his principles
—in an ardent desire to pro ttttt te the cause of civil
and religious liberty.—(Loud applause.)—At the
last election lie had received the great honour
of being elected one of their Representatives ; the
spontaneous support he received on that occasion,
he did not consider as at all bestowed on him ; it
was 011 the principles which in public life he had
ever supported, and to which he knew they were
attached. They desired to promote economy and
retrenchment by the only means through which
they can really be promoted—a Reform in Perla.-
ment.--(Applarsse.)—The last Parliament, though
short, was eventful—many of its acts infringed on
the liberty of the subject—many of its acts invaded
the constitution, and, above all, afl-cted the palla-
dium of all their liberties—the Press.—(Applause.)
For his own part he felt it his duty to oppose those
unconstitutional measure., and he did so. He
thought that a kinder and more conciliating treat.
ment would have a more desirable effect. On this
occasion, and on all others, he acted from 'the
purest dictates of his conscience, and• from an ar-
dent desire to preserve and to promote the good of
his country.—(Applause.)—He now appeared again
before them ; if, to their opinion, he had honestly
discharged the duty they intrusted to hint, they
would, he hoped, continue their free support, s ith.
out influence of any kind, and standing on public
principles alone; he expected and he desired no
other. He assured the Livery, that should they
again elect him, his best energies would be devoted
to their services—he would 'Noxiously labour to pro.
mote their local interests, and the rights and liber-
ties of the subject at large.—( Loud applause.)
Mr. Alderman WAITIIMAN next came forward,
aid was very warmly received. He said, the
Livery met to exercise one of the most important
rights belonging to the City of London—the most
important right, indeed, that a free citizen could
possess—that right was to elect fit and proper per-
sons to represent them in Parliament. The right
of the people to make the lows, mid to impose
taxes on themselves, was the great distinction be-
tween a state of slavery and a state of freedom,—
(Applarze.)—With regard to those who looked fur
their support, this was a day of solemn reanimation.
The Candidates ought to account for their conduct,
and he now stood before them to account for his. li
He was ready to sitswer any question that any in.,,
might put to him. Ile called on soy man to spew
in what instance lie had neglected hiss dots- or vio-
lated the promises he had made.—(Applause.)—.l
He knew that miltairdsome and undue influence
had been privately exerted, but he hoped that his
Fellow-Citizens had the boldness, the independence,
and the honesty to resist it.—(Applause.)—He
would say, that the man who could not stand fur-
