'~.

fHI CIIREK

Re atiooin mule origittal
this subject which hare
_CA!y marl; alie
I* intetesf. The
toe asl7 toot, is not of
Me occurrence% of one quarter
of one toil. The
'here, although
.oto *Vat termed
trißfs of the transatlany

untutored .inclians,"
dresied to the can of i
llitiliVtbetts "%Milo ' for . thy.
Awe savages exhibit. 1 not. for
VIA 'in a struggle betwixt the cultured and uncultered
of the. earth, the world has seen the light of virtue
shine conspicuous on the title of the latter. In the
.0,
yi thesits betwixto
i ai etrthe
territory,
tbean(l
advantage the poor
will Indians
w e
;think be- arded to the latter. On tbe side of Georgia
pttgli
we tee a lawlen attempt to drive the Indians off
*ben hinds like a &ore of cattle in order Huiti
. they may t c annexed to the estate of their more posit%
„Ifni tAighbcruti. In resisting this unfeeling attempt, it
Juabosefae not to admire the conduct of the Indians. who,
see*lle in ill but the justice of their cause, and their own
/evolution to stand or fall by it, are willing to exhaust ar-
gument before they resort to arms. We trust the Supreme
41/dthio?ity'of the United Stites will yet interpose effec-
tually for the preser:atiou of this unhappy peop'.e.

• .ie TAL PAISIti£XT OF TILE VNITED ST ATES.
SIA—We, 'the sons of the forest, whose tpirits hare long sinew
skinned, hut ghich continue to hover round the representatives of
the Chat:Aces, duly delegated and acknowledged, have agreed to
address you in the language of the living; and we approsih you
with great inspect. We have read this day with unmingled sans.
faction, your excelient message to both Houses of Congress; for
we have witnessed, in the general government. an endeavour, not
only to adhere- mien, to the terms and conditions of obligations,
entered ion between She government of the United States and the
State of Deongia, one bf the members of the general Union ; but,
with unfeigned diselkfulness to the Great Sphit, whom we serve
day and night, we rejoice to find that our nation is in no respect
deceived in our fall reliance on the general government, whose
liOnour and faith we have hitherto believed to be pledged in the
)enervation of the inviolate rights of our people ; for we 6nd in
pi( your acts, that paternal attention that 'notifies the regrets of
pan evils, by the prospects of future felicity.
. 'We have also read, with deep interest and satisfaction, tin vow
....able anti lucid exposition of the general proceedings-of the govern.
'rent of the United States, in the letter of the Secretary of War; ,
and we cherished, as we proceeded, a hope that the Cherokee na.;
Pik, which the general government of the United States bad, with
so much care and humanity, led gradually to a state of civilization,
was on the eve of enjoying all the benefits that girth happy change
Was efectiog, when with unspeakable regret we arrirud et the re-
monstzance of the Senators and Representatives of the State of
Georgic. addressed to the President vet the United State-a.,
Its this day-of light and reason, we cannot refrian from 'epees_
sing. as much astonishment as sorrow at the perusal of such a pro.
deetton. Were we not afraid of violating the language of de-
corum, we should say, it is an insult of the grossest kind, not
Merely to thegovernnient of the United Stites, but to the common
Hose of the soverzign People I
We has attended the debates cf Congress, and we find that
!hone atigest and deliberative assemblies reject not the petitions of
Pie most abject and unworthy of its citizens, without due eon-
s:dent:ion ; and yet, the respectable Representatives of Georgia
express a degree of surprise that the Cherokee Delegation should
be :rested with so much respect by the Secretary of War, as to
erner into a diplomatic correspondence with them ; and in pursuit
cf their inquiry they ask in what light are the Cherokees, as a
people, to be viewed by the government of the United States?
•• If as an independent nation, to be treated with all the forms of
diplomatic respect, the negotiation with them should be transferred
10 the Department of State, and will no doubt (they add) be pre-
ceded by a prcper examination into their authority to speak for the
C:enokce 'I ribe on matters affecting their prosperity and existence.
It to be. vie Red as other Indisns—as persons suffered to reside
within the territorial limits of the United States, and subject to
every restraint -which the policy and power of the general govern.
Ment require to be imposed upon them, for the interest of the
Union, the interest of a particular State, and their own preserva-
tion, it is necessary tivit these -misguided men shoals be taught,
by the general government, that there is no alterr slit e between
their removal beyond the limits of the State of Csorgia and their
exknctior.! The governmont of the United States will deceive
them (the Cherokees) grossly, if they are led to believe that at
this day, their consent is necessary to the fulfilment of its oblige.
nom to -the, Stare of Georgia. Their will must yield to the para.
troest duties of the general government, to itself, and to each mem-
ber of the confederacy. The Cherokees allege (if, indeed, the
re renntation made is made with their authority) that they are re-
a rnd Hither to Perm- wee sell the lands on which they reside—
nds which belong to the Sete of Gcorgia, over which Georgia did
r
claim seeereignty until the adoption of the Federal Constitution,
tied over which she will exercise her powers whenever any ad.
ministrafion of the genteel government resolves to lin permanently
upon them uoy persons who are not, and whom she will never sutler
to berme her citizens. The doctrines of the general. government,
urntioned by the highest tribunals, vindicate the claim of Georgia
to the owenership of the soil. The Indians are simply occupants--
tenants at will—incapable of transferring even their naked pones.
nom, except through the instrumentality of the United States to
the State of Georgia."
Oh Penn ! bleeped spirit, how differently didst thou think and
act towards the children of the forest in Pennsylvania
When we read the Declaration of independence, we found that
all men are equally entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
plans ! Are the Cherokees not men, that the people of Georgia
would either remove them from the soil given them and their
fathers by the Great and Eternal Spirit, before that State existed,
or they must be extirpated, though sprung from the same original
parents ? Mankind, indeed, have waged war against the rattle-
snake, because St is a dangerous and hidden enemy, but must the
poor Indian be treated like a dangerous reptile ?
Who placed in oar delicious climate those lofty mountain!, and
Fleeted the stately forests that shelter our babes and game ; who
sends his rain and sunshine to fertilize our lands ; who distributes
in meandering unarm the flowing rivers, that lead us to ti -." sea of
mighty waters? The Eternal and Benign Spirit that walks on the
face of the deep, rid that pervades existence. He has placed us
here—He gave us them lands, as our inheritance; and that we,
might not be disturbed, lie placed the whites in Europe. Offend
Him not ; for when 'it is His pleasure. His mighty power shakes
the mountains as the wind shekel a leaf—llia lightning blasts the
stately forest, and His thunder and his storms announce the
dreadful power of the threat Spirit !
There was a time when the Cherokee% were fierce warriors and
hunter+, and it was thought by the white men unsafe to dwell so
near their red brethren. Did they approach us then with a view to
our extirpation, or with benevolent intentions of reclaiming the 1
children of the woods, and of giving them the lights of Christi.
amity P il'e believed the later; and now that we hare begun to be,
Christians, and to till the soil, and to learn the domestic arts, and'
to be humanised, and desirous of becoming part of the greet family
of irons, in. this extensive republic, we are urged to give up our
lands and depart to another country, or we an threatened with ex-
tine.tiee ! IS this language cf the representatives of a great people;
is this the language of the people of Georgia ? nay, of its most
debased inhabitants, and in the face of the Mffhle world ? . For we
blush as men to read it ! •
They claim the tight to destroy us, if we quit not our lands, for
they say the State of Georgia claimed the sovereignty, until the
adoption of the Federal Constitution. By.what right, we boldly
ask, did they claim it ? By the right of conquest, we may perhaps
be answered. This we deny : but if even conquered, the common
rights of humanity never permitted Christian conquerors to rob
the peaceable inhabitants of their soil ! They claimed only the
sovereignty ; and it would rot become the Christians of an en-
lightened age and country, even to claim the sovereignty over an
unconqured people / The lights of Christianity hays happily
beamed upow u a/and have taught us to deithise that Wm logic, that
so the dark; ages -governed the world. We know our rights, and
we has not to assert them ; we do wen then', and we appeal to
the general gewernmeut for proteet;on. Though we may be tught
weak as a nation, in contention against that powerful State, yet
we know is would he 0 bloody business to attempt our extirpation,
but we wish nevermore to raise the tomahawk ; and we prefer rather
to solicit the i.terferente of our Christian brethren throughout the
tinned States, to defend us agailut the 'ons of the people
of Georgia, than to draw blood to our min defence.
We have winless -A in that State what we thought aggressions on '
private rights. We know the origin and final ITSUe of the Yazoo,
claim. It was cult' dishonourable! We have become cotton.
planters. and y e enjoy the benefit of the cotton Gin. We know
that the people of Georgia deprived the author of that invention of
his just rigntr, while the States of Nortn and South Carolina paid
him foi tins invention, that has made all the Southern States so
rich. We wish not to say what may irritate, but when week:l-
ittler their departure in other instauces from the rule of right, we
ought not perhaps to have expressed to the President of the United
States so *nth surprise at the language row published by the
theorgla Delegation to the whole world, relative to your attic.
donate children, the Cherokees.
Signed in behalf of the nation, by the departed spirits of
OCANSTOTA H.
ATTAHICALKALLAII.
KAYATAIIEki.
City of Washington, April 10, 1824.

're THE. PRT"DENT OF THE. UNITED STATES.
FATILEIL—M.:;..I we addressed yip. on the 10th instant, We
thaaght an had t.s.lit argumixits that would have impressed even the
l3eor lags, st•A would have obtained the support of the virtuous,
is bthdf of the sons of the forest ; but we base read, this day, with
irs.xprevii!de anguish, the report of the emumittee of Congress, and
lament that in this Chrlat;an and enlightened nation, such .ptinci-
ples can unblushingly laspublished to the world !
The committee teen sheet ititprise that the government entersl
into a diplomatic correspondence with us, instead of proceedinp, as
formerly, to an Indian Talk. The Indian Talk is, generally, •
rude traoslarten of extempore arguments, and it makes less impres.
OW* alt • reasoning community than a correspondence, Where the;
roof sentiments of the nation are correctly expressed, and no con-,
ellOsiohn made 'through ir..oranee. Hut will nnesuspeet that'
sly swat:, . •.! Aid% a query from high-minded

—...._ _ their.
time, afire the purchase of Louisiana, when w: should have been
willing to remove over the Mississippi, if thr. river should have
been considered as the boundary between tie United States and the
Indians: but that time has paned : for the United States have
established new states there, aril have granted Clem the same slave-
-- wit as the state of Oftegia. Ni,i'e should, the . fore, be consideredi
as intruders, if sent there now: for the nations, composednrseWera
1 from various countries, would never consent to the admitting* Of
large bodies of Indiana among them. White, then, weak ye*
Isend us It
We had Imagined that the virtue of a government which has he.
i &iced an attention to the poor and uniette:ed children 'Attie forest I
i which has endeavoured to huirtanite and eiviltze our people; which
has baptized them in the name of the :inn of the Most High ;
whi:h has sent pastors to teach them the Word of Truth, and has
taught them the belief of a hereafter. where man shall answer foe
all the acts of this life, ar-Ailii have 'prevented the Representatives
of the people from recommending tho moat diabolical plan that de-
prxvity can suggest :—for we Pee the sentiments of the paiple of
Georgia again urged by the committee of Congress, with a violence
bordering on insult to the government of the United States—They
report drat oar " present position is incompatible with the claims of
the stated Georgia; the knowledge of the filet, that the United
[States will not. in consequence of the perverseness of the Cherokees.
comply with the obligations of the compact of 1802, will neemainwar,
eauenuncdeaerofib.
final
ow ' eay
Eerlautfyirtr,oirtatioenna and
Ther CorteidenSlL.tattehsencisty
comity Drifting the Cherokees annihilated, or of defending than
against their own citizens. The committee offer to the House the
followmg resolutions, under a full conviction that the adoption of
them will not be followed by any consequences injUtious to the
i Cherokee tribe, or to the charac:er of the geneial government fog
humanity 1—
i " Resolved, That the United States are bound, by their oblige.
1 tints to Georgia. to take, immediately, the necessary measures tag
the removal of the Cherokee Indians beyond the Inuits of that state.
" RetoVfttl, That such an arrangement with the state of Geor-
gia shoeld be made, as mar lead to the final adjustment of the
claims of that state. under the compact of 11302, with the least pos.
sible inconvenience to the Cherokee and Creek Indians, within the
boundary of the state.
" Resolved, That the sum of dol3ars should be appro.
plated for the purposes expressed in the above resolutions."
:In the plainest language, the government are informed that they
rust remove us to prevent our annihilation, or they must protect us
against the people of Georgia; and that to remove us by force will
neither be injurious to us, nor detrimental to the character of the
general government for justice and humanity.
The sylogiant of a demon mien be—
If we are witted we deserve to die, and it would be humane to
put such wicked people to death.
If we are good and virtuous, it would be humane to kill us, be.,
cause we should go to heaven, and leave a world of misery :
Therefore. whether we are good or bad, it would be humane to

In reatheig the Report, including these resolutions. we stand pe- I
trified , for what observations can be made upon suet resolutions,'
submitted to the Congress of the United States !
It was a lamentable remark of the Saviour of the world. " The
foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests; but the fon
of Man hath 'tot where to lay his head." To what region would
-they drive us?
The claims of Georgia are said to have been founded upon the
Charter of Incorporation of the proprietary government, and on the
-royal commissions issued to the governors of the state, after the
rifarinewrlA Britain.—Acts and
1., itirrceonndleve
nedtioinhseii frequentlyehart ce to the crownafterwards ofri rit;ea!
ween the state of Georgia and other states, as well as between that
state and the United States. But in all these acts, relative to the
sovereignty and soil of Georgia, no stigulations were ever made to
divest of the soil the real proprietors, to whom the Great Spirit had
given the country. They remained perfectly ignorant of all these
acts and recognitions of charters, by which they were to be deprived
of their natural rights ; nor can they admit those interested dtatinc.
tisns with which the cupidity of the Georgians,-_ and their partial
friends of the Committee, would impress their language, and force
the world to believe that while we hunted we were not the proprie-
tors of the soil. flow would such language be relished by the king
and nobles of Europe, or by the wealthy citizens of this country,
who possess such extensive parks for deer and game? Such futi-
lity of argument is unworthy the dignity of Congress. Shall the
Russians claim the soil of the North •West of America because they
were the first who viewed the coast of that country, end pieced
their flag thereon ; and would you agree that they should dispos-
sess the natives of their soil, and drive that barbarous horde into
the United States? The English have long possessed the sove-
reignty of an extensive region in the East Indies, containing metre
inhabitants than all North and South-America, but they liave not
suffered one of their English subjects to purchase even an acre in
that country. The claims of sovereignty and soil are very distinct.
As well might Julius Camas have granted to the people of Shrop-
shire the sovereignty and soil of Wales, though those ancient Picts
were never conquered, as by any foreign compacts with Georgia to
grant that state our soil; for we were never conquered. The ancient
English were like us, nakgd barbarians, that contended- for their
rights, and they remain as a distinct people to the present day.
So do we. They speak still thelanguage of their fathers. So do
we. But did the Anglo-Saxons ever speak of the extirpation of
these savages ? No, nevor ! and the Welch are eonsiderid as a
most gallant. honest, weathy people. and are at this day the pride
of their nation.—Teach us Christianity, and the arts, and the
sciences, and we will learn yohr language, end will show you that
the fostering care you may bestow upon us shall no: be in vain.—
But it you are determined to extirpate us, being horn in the United
States, we shall, under your Conetitution, contend for the rights of
citisette : and if condemned by the Governor and Senators and Re-
presentatives of Georgia, we shall make the same appeal to our ex-
cellent and humane Father, the President of the firmed States,
that St. Paul. being a Roman citizen, made to Caesar, when brought
before the judgment seat of Festua.
IVe ask again, whither would you drive us? Would you rob
, us of the land that was ours since the creation, not obtained by
blood and plunder ! iVould you delve us from the graves of our
ancestors, on which we plant, and cherish the most flagrant flowers,
that the hovering spirits may know that we respect them, and keep
in remembrance their bravery and virtues ! Would ye drive us
from the graves of our innocent babes, whom we would gladly take
by the hard in the day of resurrection, when the spirits assemble to
stand before the Judgment Seat of Christ ! And whither would
ye drive us?—The Choctaws, Shawaneea, the Delawares, and
many other nations, have been driven to the west of the Mississippi ;
and if driven there we shall have to contend for soil, and the wars
we must wage will indeed produce a hideous extirpation. warriors
oa both sides. After settling there a while. we shall he again in
the boundaries of the whites, who are emigrating thither, and car.
eying slaves to settle the countries west. These will again require
, us to more further.

When General Lincoln visited • tribe of Indians driven to the
Mississippi, they offered him ■ seat on a log. The General sin
down. Several chiefs seated themselves at one end of the log, and
desired the general to move further ; he moved on : more chiefs
came, it-d they desired idol to move still fur.irr, till he carte tot .e
end of the log—other chiefs came, and desired hint to move further.
I cannot, said he. for I sin at the end of the log. This, said they,
is our situation. You have driven us to the river, and say, move
further—Thus should we also be situated. You would move us
bark, nearer and nearer to the western ocean ; and when there,
would tell us to move further !

hat have we done that you would remove us ? Ii e do not
take your soil. We do not disturb your repose. We see that by
planting and cultivating the ground we shall prosper; for we reason
analogically; and judge by whit you are, what we may become.
we ere not the same savages and hunters tha: inhabited those lands
daring the isi.t cmituty I we are become civilized Christiana, and
we claim the protection of the Union; we claim the protection of
the Constitution; we Halm the protection of civilized man, and of
Christiana; we claim the protection of national law and the civil
rights of humanity. In humility, also, we solicit the protection
of the Moat High, the Eternal Spirit, that rules the destinies of
man !

Signed in behalf of the Representatives of the Cherokee nation,
by the departed spirits of

OCA NSTOTA H.
ATTA HKALSALLAH,
KAYATAHEE.
City of Washitict,2n, 27th April, 133 t

City of Washington, July 11, 1824.
TO THE PEOPLE OF orwtota.:
Tire address of Gov. G. N. Troup, of Georgia, to the President
of the Unites' States, through the Hon. Secretary of War, which
was published in the Valionn 1 Intelligewer of the 24th of Alay
last, has, I believe, remained hitherto unnoticed ; but it is difficult
to sal whether this mein! si/enee has arisen front a conviction that
the arguir.enta csintained in tlkis strange protest against the Presi-
dent's communication to Conger:lw, are, in themselves. so unreason-
. able thet they do nut require any answer, or whether it arises from
the general abhorrence Oat has been excited b so barbarous and
inhuman n requisition as the expulsion of a whole nation of quiet,
peaceable inbabitnots, who live within .the narrow limits to which
they have been driven from their extensive and fertile country.
This address, however, must not pus without animadversion ; for
it contains priacipies, which, if admitted, wouid•brutabre a whole
nation:

7'he ( verner urges the genu.tii tenor of the contract between
the United States at.d (Jetwgia ; hut he mires not into consideration
that the contrsct which was male .in lift 2 was subject to the con-
sent of the liedials; to; Mole% tfie Government humanely con-
template/ the introduction of agriculture, and die 11Aeful arts among
the Indthas, WibOttl Met. sitieerelv wished to. preserve from extir-
pation and it was still. doubiftil whether they couht hu civilised,
though n:any were educated at the public schools; and though the
Ocherhment found no difficulty in purchasing from the
whatever the ger.eral or state governments required, yet they were
desirous, ifstieh a free es iperemptory *fussl to seU their territory
could pcsilsly exist, to prnv:tic for every contingeney, e„srecially as

4 a Otillkif hreginity t utak a happy eir-
the pier Wiens, that such • clause was
a t 60 which the° arnetantly recur:.
=ll6llAinen placi its no human folealght could, at
.. mplated. The lands or hunting grounds of
hate %pi SO contented, that they iists4l be without
they net depend on the productim of the soil, and
and tattle. The benefits derived from agriculture
happy an influence on the Indians, that they are desir-
I': the plans that ire rendered the whites so pro-
, have sent their children to school, they have been
e built themselves good houses. instead of temporary
. are become pious Christians. They live amicably in
now enjoy life, and their attachment to the general
... , that has thus humanely fostered these poor and injured
proprietor. of the soil, is Without bounds.
Whale the agreement, was made between the general government I
anttfleorgin, the latter never contemplated any difficulty in the re-
moval
of the Indians, because at that time the countries to the nod
offered such Idtensive anti fertile ranges, to which they could re-
teen, witliont much danger of trespassing on the nighbtstering
tribe,. that they parted with their lands upon easy terms, and with.
but reluctance; but how differently are these poor being:s now
dunned ! We have
purchased Louisiana. If we had made the i
Mississippi our boundary, and had granted for ever to the Indian
gibesthe lands of that country,
the lam/nine of the Goveraor of '
°mesh', and of his countrymen, would not have appeardd PO
harsh, so cruel, so devoid of principle: for the Indian, though '
driven from the to!bs of his departed parents, would still hare ,
lands to hunt on„ and to raise his offspring.. Let the Governor and'
the people of Georgia say where these lands are now to be dot.nd !:
We were not satisfied with all the lands on this side of the Missis-
sippi but we were assailed with arguments and petitions from all
the dave.holding states, to grant the same indulgence in settling
the lands on the west of the Mississippi that were enjoyed by those
states themselves; thus a mart wits extended for the increase
of the slaves, tending to the diffusion of slavery ! If the
Indians were to be renewed from Georgia thither, the good people
to the west' of the Mississippi would now remonstrate against each
unwelcome intenders; and troukl be as urgent with the United
States to remove them still further, as the people of Georgia are
now to restive or extirpatellimn. Such language would not have
excited horror at the time that the slave-trade was urged as a right.
and defended ; but such barbarous language cannot be tolerated
now by the people of tits United States, who were born north of
'Georgia.
• The Governor charges the United States with the crime of hav-
ing " encouraged the Cherokees" (yes, and what aggravates the'
crime, all the other Indiana-) to make progress in a.l the arts of cis
villsed life of first necessity and comfort, within the acknowledged
&mita uf Georgia. They have been resting flocks and herds, cons
inflicting comfortable buileVogs, making agricultural improvements
of variotrakinds, organizing a government, adapted to the grade
of civiliestion they have reached. whit schools and religions
setaldishrnents, appurtenant," &c.—" They have been taught by
the United States to value them as they ought. The United
States, therefore, created the cause" of such attachment to their
soil. 'The Governor adds—" I do most earnestly wish, sir, that
this subject could be disposed of for ever. It never recurs,
Out the Mutt sickens at I the recollection of the crimes connected
with it." This is perfectly true ; but the crimes ere committed
are nothing, in comparison to the scenes of horror that would
I ensue, if the wishes of die Georgians could be fulfilled ! !
There is a kind of language to which it is very difficult to give
au answer; because when the heart becomes so callous as to per-
mit such language to go forth to the world, signed by the respect.
'able name of a gentleman who was once a senator, and is now the
governor of a very potent and extensive state, none of the replies of
humanity can affect such bosoms. For when the United :nate'',
Whose Presidents bare uniformly been governed be humanity.
have inesleated,.ll9 a duty, the humanizing st,siern, by which
the poor Indians may be rendered happy, rot only here, but here-
I after, the Governor of Georgia, in a strain or language that the
untutored linliins would esneider as even too unpolished to be
used to their chiefs, charges the President and Government, as
if criminal. with linvirer taught these Indians the arts cf civi-
lized life—to rear flocks and !made, to construct comfortable build.
, • to make agricultural improvements of various kinds, organ-
a government adapted to the grade of civilization they have
at with schools and religious establishments, &c. ; and,
*me all, the United Starts have taught these men to rabic these
improvements, and this knowledge has induced the Indians to_
refuse to sell their country, and to wander away without a home!
Oh, God ! I lament that such depravity of heart can exist in,
this country : for depravity. it must be, of the most debased kind,
that could induce avowal of such want of common principle !
You condemn the government because ft has not kept the Indi-
an in barbarows ignorance, that you might take their country
What citizens could he deemed more worthy of the paternal and,
Eried
fostering care of a government, than those very Indians, who
have become the •cultivators of the soil, who have erected com-
fortable buildings, who raise flocks and herds, who establish
schools anil churches ? Could better citizens be wished for, oa,
more useful men be nurtuted in a state, than those who have
become civilized Christians, instead of continuing to wander. io • a
savage state of nature ! The philanthropist would rejoice that
such changes had been realized, and that the children of the forest
had finally a prospect of preservation and happiness. The educated
Indians treat, with the utmost contempt, the aeguments that the
Governor of Georgia has mentiuned as the basis of the Georgia
claim. The edict of Pope Alexander does, indeed, in their estima-
tion, pees for nothing: the proclamations and charters of divers
Kings of England, for nethlog : but these edicts nay affect the
nations of Europe in their respective relations to each other ; and
the proclamations and charters of divers Kings of England may
affect the subjects of the respective Kings ; thus, by convention,
the King's obtained from the Pope certain privileges, where, on the
discovery of new countries, they: placed their flags; but these pri-
vileges would insult common sense, if they extended to snore than
the sovereignty, and exelueive rights of pre-emption : in like man-
ner, the proclamations and edicts of kings could in no respect affect
the original natural rights of the Indians, but would 'rive to the
subjects of ihose:govereigns the right of occupying cumin portions
of the territories thus claimed under the papal edicts, but the lands
were still subject to the Indian claim's, and these were only to be
obtained by purchase, unless indeed they were expelled front their
lands by force. as the government is now urged to do by Georgia.
The virtuous Penn, who lived in perfect amity with the Indians,
never attempted to settle upon the lands ceded to him by the
King, till he had made a lair and honourable purchase of their
tights. And this mode of obtaining the Indian title or claim, has
been uniformly eureued by our general govennnent : and if the
Indians could babe been induced to part with their land in the
north-west part of Georgia. the government would with pleasure
have fulfilled the stipulation into which titer entered ; but never
Will they infract the laws of God, to gratify the unhallowed crav-
ing, of mortals, individually or collectively !
.Were these pore Indians to be hurled from their soil, and driver.
back, where could they repose ? For they would invade the terri-
tories of other states, CT of other tribes, and must either conquer the
countries to which they would be driven, or be extirpated? Is It
' possible that the inhabitants of 'Georgia could wish the extirpation
'of a whole nation of men who are living in comfort and
In peace, seeking daily improvement in mind and morals,
through the doctrines of the blessed Son of the Most High. whose
1 precepts they have embraced 2 I cannot suppose it possible; and
yet I see before me this letter, signed by the Governor of the State.
( see a remonstrance signed by the Senators and Representatives of
that State, all intent on this bloody business ! Can the mind be so
debaszal by the scenes that daily occur in that region. as to allow
these distinguished gentlemen:, of acknowledged perdue. learning,
ability, high-minded in the general maxims of human policy and
morality, to publish unblushingly their names to such productions!
I lament that at this day, when the virtuous of every pact of the
globe are anxiously endeavouring to meliorate the condition of the
poor, the miserable, the oppressed mortal, there can be found- an '
many of high character in Georgia, who express their determine-
nthlirmisoreil.prolpospraedy.yoTmimgeen.twleiThenu,stoalriefl,
‘eciltitifoaoinn senlinci,aaantndinwohneitihiet
tion, if possible, to drive the remnant of the Cherokee nation from
ends, eternity begins! The Cherokees cannot now as a people
quit their territory ; for they would he wandering outcasts, without
a home ! They would sooner die on the land that gave them
birth; but they will defend that land till their extirpation is come
pleted—and in Georgia there are more enemies than tile Indians!
I Make these poor nsen your friende. Cherish them, preserve
their ancient habits and language, that one small remnant may say,
hereafter—we met with friends, and we flourished ! In the day of
reckoning, when man will tremble in the presence of the Eternal
Spirit, the kindness that you now show to the poor Indian will be
as incense before the throne of the Most High, and inexpressibly
happy will be the lot of those who obtain the favour of the Eternal
Judge. AN INDIAN, •1

0 wee
for tit
a the

Soon after Mohammed, the present Pacha of Egypt, bad
acquired that dignity, a woman declared herself possessed
of a spit it, which not only spoke, but gave its hand to be
kissed in the dark ; and cult was her reputation, that
' Cairo, the army, and the officers, became proselytes, and
firmly believed in her supernatural powers. Mohammed,'
who well knew the danger that might arise from an igho- '
rant and misguided multitude, determined to find out the!
secret of thie woman's magic. For this purpose, lie hired
four of the most skilful jugglers to endeavour to entice her
before him, but the crowd attending her performances
would not permit her to go. He then ordered the Aga of
the Police to seize and bring her to the palace, in which,
with some difficulty, he sueceeded. The lady said the spirit
only spoke by night. Very well (replied Mohammed) we
will wait. When the time came, the Pacha and the magi-
cian withdrew into a dark chamber; the spirit began by
calling on the name of Sheik My, and having answered
several questions, offered its hand for the Pacha to kiss; lie
told it to approach a little nearer, and having felt the fingers
of a human being, he made a sudden seizure of the whole
hand, holding it firmly, and calling for lights, which dis-
covered the Pacha grasping the hand of the ventriloquist,
(for see was nothing more) who began to scream for mercy.
Mohammed, however, deemed it tight to punish the im-
postor, and ordered her to be drowned in the Nile. 'fhe
chiefs and the multitude showed a disposition to oppose
this order ; but the Pacha told them that if she was poS-
messed of a spirit,' it would save her from drowning, and if
not, she would only fulfil her destiny ; accordingly she
I was thrown into the river, and "offered the usual fate of
witches when thus treated.
At Kiugsbridge fair, Ott Wodnoaday, the supply of Ind-
locks and sheep exceeded tho demand, and is consequence
•the sale was-dull at reduced prices.

REEK INDIANS. land respectable gentlemen, who are not More •'.e envoys of the re this proviso was
_,
—aseets-- epeeist nations and states they represens, than.wc cumstanes for thi
The Secretary of War, who isindeed worthy of his high station, contained in the ,
Sioll and authentic documents upon for his great'soul is above a subterfuge, says there were treaties for such changes
not yet met the eye of the British I with the Cherokees, in 1802, which guaranteed thee lands. But, that time, have
are convinced, they will be read i says the committee, " these guarantees were only of ;the Indian the Indians hat
le 'philanthropy of which this calm- Me, as understood by all, at the date of the execution of these support were the]
of that sort which confines itself to treaties—a title of
mere occupancy. for the purposes of hunting. to tame corn and
The idea of title to the soil west. until lately unknown to the Indt. have had so hap
piarter of the globe, or to the in- sea. Their land, were overrun by them, not Inhabited; their rights oua or imitating
The call of human distress will be not transferred, bat extinguished ; depmstletii upon the will of the sperm.. Dian,
gh it issue from the farthest verge 1 power to whom the sovereignty over them balonga. This sovereign baptised, and arc
' civilization," from the remote I rower was Georgia, prior to the adoption of the constitution of the society, have but
itic continent. The appeal of the I ihited Staten." Then follows a chain of aStiumptioiss, every link huts; they now
which we give underneath, ad- of which is an infraction of the Indiarrrights. We will Acta Ask, government, that
against whom were these guarantees made ?—Againat other Pali. proprietary of the
their civilized " Masters," might ens ? ?In--for we are capable of defending ourseiven against them. Wligo, the aro
the 'lrani of those feelings which Against the people of Georgia ? lies—and for what purpose? To anetnarrgin, the
it is not . for the first time I prevent molestation and rotlnd
granted for', day, rear, or age, but 1 moss' of the
,Lx, the ettitnied and „„e„it.,,,,,d , till the Indians should consent to sell their isrids. There was a I offered such lei
