PUBLIC MONUMENT

TO THE. MEMORY OF THE LATE LA3IENTED
PRINCESS CHARLOTTE OF WALES AND SAYE
COBURG. . -

_
The Cenotaph Committee, after matii.•. Iv eme.l.lerintt the
various communications they hare recrii eel, mid in roam--
mity with what they hate rear nu to Wiese is the wadi
of the Public, hews leave to slate that it 14 their intention,
should thew idiots be adequate, to con.truct the propmwil
Temple of the Cenotaph on a true sufficiently vstrissive to
admit of Its bring appropriated In the purposes of Divine
Worship, aad conallitsied a Free Murk

(Fur the Cummithir)

BENI!. ROTCII, Jun.

Yesterday the Patrice REGENT rode out on
horseback for about two hours, in the Parks, &c.
The Dukes Of YORK, CLARENCE, CUMIIFR-
LAND, and KENT, visited the PRINCE REGENT
yCsttrday.
On Sunday the Duke and Duchess of GEM'.
cEsTRIL attended Divine Service at St. Georga'•
Church, Ilanover•square.

Prince LEOPOLD returned to Clsretnont last
eveiiiiir, previous to which he paid his respects to
the Duke mint Duchess of Cusrsent.smn, the
PRINCE REGENT, stud the Duke and Duchess of
You's.

Yesterday the Prince and Princess of HESSE
HOMBOURG left the Queen's Palace, in their new
travelling carriage and four, with out-riders, and
proceeded to Richmusid Park, which they inspect-
ed very particularly, also the homer, grounds., and
prausises, belonging to her Royal Highness as
Ranger of the Park. They proceeded from thence
through Bushy Park on their way to London, and
strived at the Palace about five o'clock.
The Duke of RuTLAND arrived on Tuesday at
his house in Arlington-street, from his seat Belvuir
Castle.

The Duke of DEvoissutat has issued cards of
invitatiou to upwards of 100 distingui•hrd fashion-
ahles to a grand supper this esenitig, at Devon-
shire Hour.

The Marquis and Marchioness of Hutrrt.• and
family intend leaving town shortly for the Con-
tinent.

_ -
The Marquis of Lansnowm will give M grand
entertainment to the Duke of GLoULEsTER. mud a
huge party of distinction, on Suinby next, at
Lanadown House.

The FRENCH AVEASSADOR entertained a select
party at dinner yrtitrrilay, at his house in Portland.
place. _ _ _

The Euri of MALMESOVRT h•id • onset party et
r yesterday, •t his house Betke-
ley-square.

Lady HARRINGTON had • small party yesterday
evening, at her house in Berkeley-square.
His Honour the MAsTEIt of the ROLLS, we are
sorry to say, is seriously indisposed, and his not
been able to sit in the Rolls Court fer the last fort.
night.

We have great pleasure in staling that Miss S.
BOOTH es so much recovered frrm her late indispo-
sition, us to visit Cheltenham, iu expectation that
the use of the waters of that salubrious place will
perfectly restore her to her friends and the public.
Mrs. !loves Benefit at the llaymatket Theatre,
last night, attracted a crowded 1 splendid au-
dience. It was a just compliment to the merits of
the lady, but was not more than what was due ex-
clusively to the excellence of the performance.
Mr. Jonas-wax was never more happy in Dennis
Brislgnuldery. lie kept the house in constant
Laughter. The other parts were admirably *MM.
tained, and the whole went off with mat.

On Saturday evening. Dr. DAGUE. the Profc.sor
of Music at the University of had a
grand Concert there, which was led by the Norm'.
*or, and conducted by Sir GEORGE SN ART. Milos
GOODALL ivii% the principal vocal 'Mai awl

.. .. ~..5.... ...„ p.‘,....„.‘..v... •
tttrp, tc,,,,,, t„ t ..., .......- ..,,iao.cora to nave nos wort: (WM°, It ~it 4
•••••• v•y mrosnx ul no rxrrinuroit rune waata ruin ran utPUAILL Wlll. me principal vocal performer, and
„6„,,,,,,i,,,, ~r *.ii:,, lb,. been wititeio, to !may J r,.. i never attended to properly. The yoliiig books ssw Ipi
• Yestrolay riling early Mr. Disown, the King-a I snug four songs, three of which were encored. as7saufacturet or hie country, and decrease the value of
I het owl, fortutim.' They alleged that the Salttax porn- crivrd another letter fr Mr. Hoot from Cm k, i him coming into the field, but the another told
Messenger, arrived at the Foreign Others in Il Hint AlaiesTir's !ATV VIiIT TO THE CITY.— cafarfp affected the poor, who could not afoot to cod flesh
4 i
Ilowoing-sireet, wish disputchrs Iron) Collsrline, ln our Report of the Examination of the Children proviaoins; and that, a• it formerly occasioned marmots rl
..ettitleiret./. ti 1
yogoauttewtiilli ti,:ik,..eertvh.e eilnioni ri,
ii,ondtLietliii•ii:;khoef I,ls i them not to fear, as he tritsved to Inverts AIM lads.
at- i lions for the culture of his land. The former, .ii
after an expeditious yinnory of live or six days.
I sof the Nonional Schools, at the Mansion-House, on ns.l,l,datills,sfe.:lnt:.n.ts among the tower class of people, the se- ,`
Nlit, in an p rt, b. bili t y , exasperate slim into floors here to anno•ilting olh•Itt the Spence/no prin. , however, was heard to decla,e that lit. would !.e4,
i Government we understand, :restettlay received : Wednesday last, we stated erronroosly that the ~p,,,, arait:,,,,. They uhaefaed, that white it was exacted hi clibl,• It is Ill'e.1•!•311. that I .1.,,,,:d s:,y „H„,,tbing i layout the work himself: upon winch the old link
.
i otellogenee from iodia, that a general netiou has ! QUELIII haul ordered at sum of money lii be ilisiri- Cooxisott. al erect somber of were:hams sent their slops lo of those Spence:ins, tor it lia•. I regret ttokasr
I: :oil: : tolitl to her young ones. " Theis it 14 time for us
t
Ireland, he. virtanlted fur skew respective ao)ages; 0111. ',eared on " The Seto Timel"
taken l'lllee between the arms nosier Ciesteral lilts- I buted among the children. The mono, which woo to be moving."—(Applgare.)—Thou.4l, moos. of
Lots and Meuse, in which Ile* latter was de- i very considerable, was Ilie gift of the LORD NIAYOR. Some it hot been ateoinkeld. wasiehee.rperionears had been t lieatimi was wade of those forming the society. I their friends had forsaken toetn, their was still
Jii-besaenttifr"ely
ii,6l:4l,.7l'.77heentrf.livaalir,:f It is in the retollection of those ',resent. flout Nir.
teated 41111 great lose. Our hits it ;Ike) severe, but I end was distributed in sixpences and shillings to szeethlureirsirticehriewsfnnsri h
i !Went momigh left to support the Cause of Hermon.
Itti officer of Funk we understand it. fullest. I the children.
this impo,itwo" Hunt w.il at the hist Spa-Lteltk Afar:tog. 1 war They were still classed win, the old veteran, Major
•
....
, .
• -
. _ ___ . . _
1

APPlaw*e/r.101;IIIIM atetl zeal-
, Jeremy Beillfiles. TM, lied still
'support 1 heist-- f.4lplbermilwabey hod
the tiding of My. Cobisek end the
Wooler.—f“ OM,' is Rlrmin ?"
r.)—Shertriu Is at his post, "menu
swank init. it is DOW, 4it t • lite
IllitSell knowledge is ;tut feet Mat 4...
to use it to *dr owe • .
the old piiviiiisksi
_4 thelPeguis
~; ate hues %yeti too's' behettetted to property.
e beast is uttieh eeroelves to the lakusd asperity'
*aria. "loth` Ilatvel observe,. tbrst wiAedge ul
' eat serty IS sey.lbitt' Sof ilswSts tight
,rwilivat Irdet,...spetiperty hes been taros-.
elseutlet sow this !fleeting whither piimpepl;hall
he motet. 'after Ileitis tested ear dr.
Princeitegent. Thetis's/a be es diulst
Meeting is cooduttrd with tuesret, it
at throughout the three Isitikdoess;
the lire that. glows in your breast.
J they will .ou with you in ;mete.
rights ; end I do /otter Myself;
riKlitti, reclusive of property. limit
(tretecti. 1 will now-tied to
It *dies !-A Alietiai of thi.biligoi-
CalpidSreeka, ogriposisis to piditie skew.
_-...elsthins Nearley, Maya, 111111, 10 It
teeloeit akieetkp pithiest the Prime '
essaishieratiou Sise Sufferings et the Lis-
uppeouiseetliug SW! of sal ladariume
4 'Philo. reVegt7) 44;tresda the woe
serenity .1 saes weigh Mu r, Vonestr.t
. Mau; she Advasitoyes which wouM re-
promistiac a Parliamentary Reform, Ammo'
Mama! Stilinsie, and Vote by haws ; for
l au/ (Awaited Roclas of Lalsounrs
XimPiosto • hosts whom proceeds the
~awl tioost, elet/yet) by the Slop, Priests,
lasing his luillorree to minis rervailime
•-• add to the Security of the Cruse mot

br this placOrdi Ise hife been

au immense guaranty of ahem by the
.1 *rapers. .1 hue got a mows which you
hare nod or ; it us therefore, mmeesokart
to isle sap your time by reedit" theta in detail ;
I will take the first in my hand—it will occupy but
• short space of your time. I read it from The
Son, dated Saturday, April 26. 1818:-
41 We have heard what we take to he an offetigive
tali', that a new a...nog of democratic reformers
an'tersilid to be held at fdsrolay se'ussight in Spa-
fields. It is said that au itioenost orator. well

known for his flamn ig oration., it to take the lewd,
and tow of the poisons tried fur treasonable prac-
tices, and Who escaped from pusiishnhent, is nist
deterred by his former danger." Ido not boast
mem counege than soother midi, but wbik the
rights of Britons are to be spoken fur, I will always
he at My post. What wired you think of •
General who, having been beaten inlhelkld, ob-
jected on account of the dangeri and feared to enter
the field again ? I was, I believe, in costaiditable
danger some time ago, but while 1 have lift lt shall
be devoted Lo my country. 4' We trust that our
rultro"--• very proper terns it is, coosidering from
whence it originates, fur certititily they are oar
ruler.; hut recollect that venom nosy rule with
it r..d of iron, and become oppressors as well as
euteri—o we trust that our rulers will be equally
on the alert in taking prompt And vigilant measures
to prevent the 41aniger which May be expected from
the infuriated passions of a numerous rabble, its-
cited to the most florin attempts by the insidious
sophistry, mad inflammatory harangues of wicked
demagogues, whose only aim and hope is to
rise to power on the ruins of their country."—.
'ho is it that has brought the country so
near to the verge of ruin ?—(. The taxes."
e.rebtawed several. )—I could read a tissue of this
kit dDi language through nuany poem. I observe
another Paper, speaking of this placard, observes,
that this audacious placard has beau published._
What ! is it au 'audacity fo tell the truth ? Ilave
we lived to that slate of civilisation that our nerves
shakeat 'peeking the truth ? 1 flatter myself that
the labouring people will nut 'lodge at hearing the
truth. When las labouring people, I take au
etnensike range in using the word. I alo not mean
by labouring people sit that are bowed down by
times. I cannot ge into a baker's shop to be served
with bread, without the man who serves we being
labourer. I mama go into a finen-dreper's shop,
and ley oat two oe three pounds, without taking up
his time, and without potting him to a eerteits de-
over of labour. I cannel go so a tavern the a stasis
of wine, or • public-home for a Arid or pint of
beer, without the master being • labourer during
the time be is serving me. Now I will make one
observation on the word franchise. It is a word

cast out by sonnet the Ministerial writers. They
have told us that we never were enfraischised—
they would tell as that we never were franchised
—that we never had the right of representation—
they travelled hack five or six hundred years to
Sod out that we had no ouch right. But I will di.
rest your attention to a inure remote period than
that—if you look beck to • distance of nine hun-
dred years thrice, and then you wilt find we have
that right. 1 will only refer you to that able and
ausjestie writer, Mr. Cobbett, who his said that
the rights of ;he people never could die. So far
that lea cued writer was correct, fur the rights of
the people were mialienahle. and could never die.
a./Appirrese.,--1 will refer you, my fellow-coun-
tr) mew, to the period of the immortal Alfred, and
the Saxon times, when it was the custom of the
people to assemble. and to be the great council of
the country; they did business for themselves, tan•
tit tlwy formal out the mode of representations
they consulted the people at large. This wit the
manner in which they conducted their affairs; if it
teas not so. I will forfeit my character as an Ingo.
tiari. tJentlemen, unhappily for our forefather., an
tyrant made his appearance in this coun-
try, and invaded those right* ass one battle—to the
nerioureible !retitle of flastioga those rights were de-
stroyed with the livesof thous:noir of our forefathers.
Front that the tyrant made Ina way up to the me.
tropulia sail your forefathers, as hontst rag they
were breve, little suspected that a matt who "'shed
to take the a ale of them could have torts from them
their sacred rights. It was tat that time you were
drafrauchowd of your right., and up to this motorist
you hose runt regained them. To return then to
I - Gentlemen. it .Its the lan.

,

tojcsosuaplace. alp atkr chauge.innst.take place
the people oPthisliece happy country Celt be
brought even to a compassing state of happiness.
Nowise, lesvt grown up tispower.—Look every way;
look to the North ; and although that empire was
now faveuralsl to ns. tie I.llDioutlalk hew long it
Tray continue se. • I reveller residing the °Guerra.
Song of that vs:irins in year cause, Major Cart•
wriglst—(Appiaaksje-who lad snag ably mite.
brined that we alwayaought to have arms in our
Menial. fee we *sew pot
,liow mots • the growing
gawp might tkiwirs Mistiest us. Let as thgp. oty
lensertrynsen. have arms in oar minds; let us be
awned iiitellettedly. and thereby defeat any
kilts who may shire eutresoch ors our rights cud
our liberties.--Tabor TI empire that 1
luck so, mad fear most, is Itussia. Look over the
chart of llw world. sod to uur foreign relations.
aid their circumstasices, and age whether Britons
should riot unite its one knot; or whether the ener-
gies of the people of this country would not be
;sculpted. if they should be attacked by a fo.
reign and a mighty host ; my wilds is. that yoo
should secure year privileges. with oat which it is
impossible you can 'ensure your Iseppittess, and
the hatipittiss .of your fellow-creatures. Look,
day countrymen. across the Atlantic, and I must
coarse that I cannot help conspiring the slavery
of the (Tinted States with the honouring classes of
uur ono poor community. The sun rises and he sets
ispeits the labourer, and still he is in the cheius of
slivery—he ksiorrs no difference between his rieiug
and his setting; the fountain of truths and know.
kdge
.is kept from him. nod he becomes almost
brutalized by labour nod severe punishment; to
. this may he attributed the aristocracy of the coup-
try. and all the means of comfort and happiness,
arid the anemias of acquiring knowledge, are totally
obit Out from the poor minis views or consideration.
1 Wilt to ask what must be the tendency ou the
ilubfie Mind of this abuse against us? Must it
trot hate the effect of producing recriminatiou, sod
trying the patience of the pertsee who are abused ?
Can l CilltiAtf this orderly &leetient to he a rabble ?
—f Cries rtf no, so )-But what may be the coo-
sequence or recri aaa i a unites ? It may at last goad
the people to fall Nimes their accusers; but I do
end consider you in that light, I min sure they are
beneath your notice; tiny me mere hirelings, and
obey receive wages for abusing you.—(Appiaare.)—
perceive that threats have been held out of !My.;
vigil forte being directed against you—the military
are to be celled out; and also are the military ?
Why they are our brothers—they are Britons; and
will Britons ever act hostilely against anions ?
(Cries f no, no.)—lt has often been made a sob.
jet, of complaint sod regret that so forge a mili•
tory force has been kept up in the country. That
circumstance. Gentlemen, is no regret with use,
because you must all recollect that it was by a mi.
litany freer.-thet it was. at the point of the bayonet,
Adartis Churns was obtaiired—(Sioniv of oppiarast4
-.-asid you must also recollect, that it was by the
shouts of a military body thee last blow was struck
at the tyranny of the lost of the Stuarts. Then.
Gentlemen, you have nothing to fear from the sei•
leery. If all those who now hear site were dressed
in soldiers' clothes. and all of you bad arms its
your hands. I would still address you with the
same freedom I do now. I must say that there
are souse excellent newspapers, whose conductor
art friends to liberty, thong' afraid to asperse
themselves with alt the freedom that is near
vary in these times. These preemie have es.
messed their doubts whether this Meeting my not
brogan' a cause fur suspending the Habeas Corpus
Act. For toy own pert, I entertain mulch fear, I
should not take up so much of your time as I now
do, were it not for a declaration which has appeared
in lie Nero Times of this, sooriiiiag, and on which
I feel it orcesvary to snake /4111 observation. I have
already shewu you a memorial which I drew out
previous to the first &letting held in Spa-fields, and
which I submitted to Mr. Hoot; and that memo.
owl I withdrew its cuitsepielice of the remark from
Mr. Hunt which I have adroitly stated. and in which
he recommended our to ttbstaiii from saying any
thing respecting the Spencetin Society. The pub.
bastion which appeared this snot-snug came feu the
principal leader of that society. Gentleasea. we
have already too many clubs in this country. I
desire to Chihli; but I wi.lo to see one universal
feeling prevail througheut the people of this coon.
try, from Banff. ill Scotland, to the Land's Bed.
in Cornwall. I Dever brlOsiged to arty society bat
one, and that was the society of Spenceans. I had
hopes that its intentions were good; and I was at-
niched to it. because the members called themselves

philiWihroolllllll ISM that must always coneinaad
oar's regard. From the time, however, that, by
Mr. linut's desire, I withdrew the memorial, the
Spenceaose were displeseed with tae, and told me
wanted bourage. 1 tell them I never did, and that
when I am advocating the cause of humanity, 1
shall aliens have courage enough to meet my op.
patents. I could say a greet deal more ou this sub.
ject. but lam re-toraed from doing's* by a feeling
of delicacy aud ftientlaltip. 1 hove come to the be.
ones of this day, and she cause of your meeting.
I Imre no doubt but that massy of you were iu Ps.•
lace.yarc( at the lute Meeting held there, where
you might have heard it recommended y Lord
Coehrane that the people should inert as they
usually did, and es often as posailde. This was
• sentiment which 1, as well us others, highly V'
proved of sod accordingly .1 proposed dust Meet.
iug. Waitaki be hehl ib ararral places succesaierly. I
sidnititted this to the Spence:lnk and proposed
Somers Town fir one Sleeting—a place sit the
east end of die town, and a place in Surrey, for two
or three other These propositions were
agreed to, and yet the perstm at the head of the
Spencetins has withdrawn (ruin them, and says he
knows tinthilig about the mutter. Gentlenten, yno
must all agree with me, thst we are in very trying
times; thut we hive the protest difficulty in pro.
viilquig the necessaries of ;de for ours. Ives and fa-
milies. Does this mince nut of any o:tist of indult.
try ?—Ntt, if lanai/ from the I.wi.h rapenditurt
she fruits of ;our industry. We meet here 11010
with Gagging Bills in our isprintlis; hut yet while
we do so, we shall (olivine, the Nlinigers that we
can keep within the him of prudence; that Otsg..
King Law ntil!ht hare the rffret of teaching you
cis ;;;; ii ig and il.erption, n err it not that )nu hays
the _
- above

.

persons among yn bike ailv..utoge. of
that sincerity. 11 base nfteu
4, What could the titian us ?" I will
tell- you': you -single far • yourselves. sThd
that is Moro than dwy call
meritocracy, its answer to you, diressuels fur Partin-
memory Iteforin, make use if i pretty hub word.
They say yois are trirtially 'so ix:rated Pattie-
mein. As well might they a gormatalizing
club, mid ray thukthrt club sob fur you virtuosity.
1 can unto" yoe that in thttittog course of my
profess,. I ble. have wrest much of the mind of
labourers; and I affirm. thee, generally speaking.
it would vies* the highest statism of society. I
hivi been smiting farmers, toilets, smiths, end
shoemakers, and urn convisiced, that understanding
is not confined to the higher eiders, as the 601 arc
pleased to call theioseleee. New I here mentioned
" Orders," which is so erchitectorai term, 'nay I
not be permitted to describe you as the foundsbou
of the structure, from whence all the other clews
rise pyrrnsidically to the Throne. and of course as
the sole support.of the superstructure. Hut, however
elevated the situation of thesitfersollsllll,bl, hell
they are but men ; mod since they ere su well mail
for ruling. they ought to occupy themselves iu
ruling uprightly, sinds in making just laws only.
Gestlemess, I feel tbst 1 sot trespassing out your
tinie.---(Cries of " No. no !" front several
voices.)-1 sin sorry to have to add, that the persist.,
who hove forwarded thin Meeting. ere but pour end
lehoeriug men. anal a*/ coarse the expense has
(ellen heavily upon titian: but they are, neverthe-
less Englishmen and patriot', oud they bear it
cheerfully—fopplarsti.—Permit me to observe,
that should it be still ueceontry fur 'Dojo meet Ili
obtain i restitution of your rights. you alai will•
accord your mite freely. I will tell you how it
may be done easily. I ate before me twenty,
thirty, or perhaps, forty thousend persons; but tog
will not extend our views so widely; we w.ll sup-
poor that only 240 were to subscribe one peony
weekly, it would amount in 521. it-year. Which
would he sufficient for ten meetings.' If 2,400 per-
sons subscribed. it would produce 520/. per a 1111 l nu!
And what is this, to the east metropolis? la it
possible that there are not 2,400 such patriot, to
be Gaud in London ? 1 trust there sm. And how
grand then is the prospect if we extend our feelings
mid our calculations over the three kougdonis
This reminds me, very appropriately, that the
house I am now oddreseisig you from is the
" Ultimo." It was formerly the " Bull in the
Pound," which was emetewhot appropriate also, as
perhaps many of our Valero 'Wok, olio would be
very happy to place the 641 in the pound again.
Tliss is autficieutly corroborated by the proceedings
is the Coussuone spoil the Pour Laws, to which it
behoves the poor to look narrowly. and not the
poor only, fur in these times we knew net who sissy
come to be poor. I helm seen the loUen iu splen-
did equipages, come to nee pt pay 'from s parish
workhouse.- I say, thettfore we should all look
to it ; fur I affirm. Gentlesa;en. that there is a
conspiracy against the poor. entrusting from a
book celled a" Cheek ler Population," written by
Reverend Divine, Me. Malthus. who couteuds.
that if the labourer eines& but progeny beyond
his means of them. he ought to be
left to his fame. and starve. if he could not pro.
care food. Similar embalms have been attempted
in the House of Cowman% but the voice of the
people was heard, aseedley trod sot derecthis fa'
oppose the laws of nature, end she measures were
cassequeutly withdrawn; ut still the principle is
cherished. There is scarcely a gentleman of pro.
party iu the kingdom hut has the work of Mr.
Malthus elegantly bound in his library. I hope,
however. these persons will take into their consider-
ation the improved state of the human mind. and
the improvements in science; which if they do init
partially, they will find that stature, with these es-
aisteuces, is fully capable of rusinnuising all she
may produce. Dr. Walker observes, speaking. of
-Malthus, that it is time to limit the population
when we have got rid of oil superfluous animals,
and I most cordially agree with him. If the Arts-
tocracy are not satistied with the entertainmeut
which they receive from the foundations of society,
the thing is very easily obviated. For this reason,
Gentlemen. it is extremely easy to remedy this
defect. It is only putting their hands in their
pockets, and taking out part of the wealth ye gave
them, and then educate you like themselver.—
(Applasse.)—lt is but justice to say, I can Hever
suppose the mean, are open to every iudividual to
obtain a liberal education. and this ought to be
materially considered. However, I am happy to
say our staunch friend, Mr. Cobbett, has MINIs in
contemplation for you to inform yourselves. by eu.. '
dinsesits easy end simple.—(Crest applanse.)—This
method will not take up more then an hour a day
of your titue. and will fully meet the plans of your
aristocratical enemies. It will depend on yourselves
to make proper .uue of this. We see the advan-
tages, Gentlemen. that you would derive from a
cultivated mind. and I do consider it esseistial for
you to attend to it. I do venture to mated, that
with a few hours study a week. this plan will give
yea advent/4es not to be eonctived, till you reel
their isolltience.—(Applastse.)—Gentleiness, I shall
sat details you long. lam aware that lam guilty
of a digression, but it is my felicity to see m} self
attended to by so many respectable persons end
with 'nth profound etteution: A. I before said,
Gentlemen, 1 shall not dentin you long, but pro- '
reed at once to the Itesolutions.—(Applairse.)—
We will teed them ell Heat to you. and. then put
them for your decision. Whilst lam surrounded
by friend.—(fosse hisses to the contrary. and per*
sons Were pointed to or the hnstilegs)-1 am Mb-
rounded all by friends. some of them wish to ad-
dress yon.. 11%11 you hear them first, or shall we
read the Resoltitions ?-._(Cries of " 11/4e Besot*.
lions: the liesoletions I")

[Here Prrstnii reengsiged by the multitude, who re.
micro,' Wow with loud cheers]
Mr. WATS° a —My friend, Gentlemen, is • meellesie,
I am sure you will be glad ito meat wish or of your ens
wider who so *rally saahmaiss your rights -...(Appliasso.
I sin restsia thr patriot, üblerred by us eu this occasion
ll serve os • precedesti w all the Native beside.—(d}pines, )--1 lms. you Merge Ss conduct younrlves with as
ands propriety lal timatob the ansterriey Seek the lend on
the uevisies.—( Loud applause )—)li.'l. Whattasu, gentle:
men, will lead the Reseliabsue.
Mr. WNAThatli after a few ehwerastimssi them red the
Resolutions, whirls were severally put w the vote, tied carried
with VW opplaseer. without • elissealiesl voice.
A Polities, whirls was founded e• the illeraluliees, rid
abieb..was resd• by Air. Whatnot, was proposed bap 111.

.....
. .
ll'alsyls. Tin: Petition war
1a echood the Et wittihnis. !I
was nirsorded hpa Mr Lissiotito, gaol carried bynedlosat 'on.
lh.Warmt" slap solid—Yon hose heard tow retitnot teed,
and yon have gina it your saisrlisio by...rushee it ; islia!l DM
assassin Aroma it to the Mews( i (Cl'ill 41 - xi.. ;)to;
Hod or Costlier, yid"). or shall it he preststs is the onto,
eisansel, throesch the medium of the Secretary al an Mouse
Depart nieta (lace • • ...
Mr. iltrtitiat.r proposed that dlr. Mout and Dr. Wilson
du preveut the l'irtsittni. The liesoludssu was secoudttl mid
adopted.
Some pillow proposed SIAS Major Cartwrighes swats* he
added to the odor two. The spatial& was, gamed by Air.
Whatinan, acv led by Mr. 'Dte.s:ak, au.l carried.
Dr. Watson was ihris pi .iliswed to eunsuguniclita the *slaws
oldie Merlin to Messrs. Haut and Cartwright, *new was
arcsmagh il, and agreed to ..
Mr. Pomeroy then addressed the Meeting as follow'
My fellow centres, this is the most auspicious Jay 1 have
known fur tw. Ire months; and I now w‘ill Jo 84 dhly, oil
I call upon you to do yours. I have beets had up by the
hirelings as a monster, as a tiller, but I ma twither the use
nor the 'ober. I MIS an Citelsslutros, and your benefit is Nei
sole object, and if gay life lie necessary fur your general bi-
arfit it is at your cunimaggil. I ilo nut att. supt tu demise
soil impose mom you. I am no inquisitor, 11.4 prlVlCeld lobe a
greater person.thagg what I really as, soil that hag' instil*.
ificon ISetbauie. if ever I altruipt.to ileeeivs you, may I, its-
strait of gaining your applause. turn your merits,' contempt.
I only grist, to do that which is just mid upright; say motto
is, " Pentium.' g I a ill towards men ;" mot s oar good is
all I dnire.•-(Brace:i.-Now dort`i you think I court your ap-
plause. I wish you sinithrsiot applaud, hut linen. I will nut
do like assay of those pUntieSl drOppiuos whir bier shears'
Ammeters within the hod 211 years; slat hare-always demi. d
your eons, in the loom' of ilial. Threadtwedle street is use
grand cause of the eSersoilre burden moiler whirls you labonr.
—(firstrn)--1 dim% wish bi he thought your orator, hot I
will he the supporter of your rights. 1 a bib torefer to the ite-
peelers, whether Camillus had not dented the so.detztaa
should peewees home than hOtt serfs of lautt: This ans a
proof of the eoWisae idea of Wain possessed lily that hero'
and statesman; and what was the rape in this country'
Why, there were individuals who ream ten times ten
five hundred acres, and of course there must Er iTsilet pa
at oltittolett Who had mow. lie (Mr. Preshon) was 111.1
a whilst : he wig' a.ritizrn of Loadon, awl had referred
to thecae! in the Montan history, tot %hew lbe emotional be-
tween the state of things amongst that people and this. In
Genre also the bad edicts of figioligiz property ap-
peared, sad all the other evils al bible; in the Slate, at
the period of their dowigfal, were comparable bo loathing
bull dor disastrous events which tail occurred in Efteand.
I All this he attributed to a rapacious", oligarchy. a Ito
had eusiravuured to seduce the minds ui the people
from their allegiance to the House of drunewic", and ac-
tually lived upon the vitals of their fellow turn. la dome
and its Carthage a base oligarchy had sacceeded; and in
this country, if she people did nut nee (twit energies, that
must fatal evidence of a ru:nuus olig ...city would sum.
appear' !dignities imi selling like a Salon amongst them,
although they maid 1L... sus the Cluinspiolis and legis-
lators of the people. • weld they give the people any
thing ?-.-r" Net a bit," aided "nicer }—No; but they would,
through the atialiima of De. tilup, vomit up samsnot. He
phaird Ilmo eon Or thlt people, and should laver deviate
him lisdary la *Mk Me could sot bat condemn tow ;nude
shish had bees adapted iu the distribution of the subscrip-
tion aallood Imo Am the fake of those who hail twee cur-
dna, esdlow Ilat'llroprais Att. It would have been hil-
ler it a great ~Mins of it had been giver to the
siding and chilies" of Tomer and the unfortunate Maud-
Mk mho had Mime executed. Arthur Thistlertuud Mau,
idarlmid rellsoed as far as he could the distressed, wee sow
M oriess. and Imo was awn, to say, neglected in hie misfur-
timers
_lloyAilild rusk him for having ever had a Meet-
ing at $lB6 lb mars were the great curse of the
gonutry. Out sda peed a seek, which a tradesman could
oats, *flaw Adding! Veld le the sapped of the gads and
redeem aloe did all Wooer at all. This was the et ice-
asses. MOW ever he livid, he would support the cause of
the people. That -Woos wag his ioduccnorat is alteudiug 1
there upon the permit ors:maims.
The Meet lag thee broke up, and the crowd diverted
- - --
BAKAL iatTaLLI
.....11.010......---

B.

roirramidurn, WAY 3.

Animal the Alexander, Stolen, from Ce)l4;a, Isle of
Fraser, gaol the Cape; sailed fruits Cryluu the 3d Detvmher
—left ;here the Adamant, —, humbug Car Bombay; sail.
'drams the Isle of France the Stb February—Wl then. the
I 'Prime Reirist, White, loading coffee fur Coperhasets, and
'sushi be ready to sail its al sassath. The Blocher, Kerr, sea
to sadist Java in serum days. The 61elauths was to sail for
Enabled the 2131 h February; spoke oft the ('ape the Suc-
cess, Marlin, from Enelsad, Cu, Betecal—.tell the Cape the
-3d March. The Waterloo and Winehelsea sailed from the
('ape the Ist Muck, and were to Much at St. Hebei,.
The Surat Castle hail arrived safe at Ike Cape. The
Neptune, for Nrw South Wales, had put Tutu the
Cape for water—on 16th March, iu lat. 16 20.5. lone. 2.
56. W. spoke the Harriet, Moore. front Bengal for Eag-
Itud—un lath April, its lat. 26. 56. N. Mai. 341. W. spoke
the Grand Sachem, Sionthaminan, fur Eastland. l'hs
•-•-•-•, WAS lust at Ceylon
Also arriv• .1 the Coldstream, and the Boyne, from Lon.
doss for hulas; Shampoo, Kesiotal, hum IlossiMikom—sailed
17th March; and Albion, Suisun,, from the Cape of Good
Hope, off the Wight, bound to London.
EVIMOUTII, MAY I.
Caine in the Britaania, Gibbs, from Bahia fur London, 44
weeks stud two days pdasaire.
YALISOVTIV, •PRIL 311:
Arrived the Sandwich packet, with a mail from. the l.sc.
ward bimodal; sailed 27th March. MAY I.
A mail was leaded this MOiniagfroirh the \Valetta,. Hai*,
from ChM*, which place abs left los the 29th November, the
Cape Ist March, and St. Hckas IStli March.
DIAL. NAY 3.
Nine down from lie River the Trusty, Bulliamoo,
aorl
Alemsorke, Erringtoii, fur 'thsebee • Thooresley, I)runtior, nod
Eltin, Word, fir Naples; Amity, lianSeld, for Trim' Ile, and
balled with she Culdatimai and Buytie,sad Ilk Waste of the
outward-bound.
RAINSGAyri, MAY 3..
PhA of the Wife of the Thetis, lately lust us the Shingles,
has hem leaded here. coissiettng of aeveuteen casks of %pi-
rate, hemp, kc ; all the hemp hs a wet stale, sod damaged.

GILAVISWY4I, ISAII a.
Arrival the Fame, Doll, sad William Pitt, Gr.ham, from
Calcutta; Richmond, Clarke, from Benzal • and Ihr Sireal•
ham
ha Dail, know Cakutia; Gond Huop.r, films Nor. ;
fib Wield, EIPOISS, 4WD ; and a great man j uth. rs,
Names leukemia/a.

Sailed the Lady Lasbiegtoa, Dormer, for Bombay; %lilt-
stroll, Bristow, fur the Cape of Goml Dope awl India;
Drilliaol„ Tailor, for ibe Cape ; Norilrouphoi, tabor, for
Ind a; Laal,krith, Freeman, for ditto; Cashrriam GtifStlir,
repair, for Valparaiso, mud Iwo or tlirte Moir.

DELAYS hat Dasuutous.—This adage is no.
plicatble to those who have lived rather gvv, when
or the vie of hlatristiowy, and who are doubtful of the cuove-
grasses of an ihartinal .aentattion ; and it moat alforil rwoolo.
hue to the aiiiteted lu krow they way hare ilm btst white id
the medico I4wrdat Charlotte noose, Crest Charlotte .livel,
ohmoite the Rev. Rowland Karr Elatkfriara-roal,
and Woodawek Howe, el'uoilatiiek.atrrit, dee .lours from

tlefued.atreet. 11w Board particularly clams the alleinion
of those aglietrd with Ruptines, Sanctums, risinlas,
Cau-
tetm, flcrophislas, Nervous Dehilltie . arising from e Atm
elltnafeitijaverdle indiserctiona be. Emptiosia on the 'Wad,
face, mot body, isleerstol flirted', pains M the head and
limbo, tesment ly Wistaben fur ilwootatione, updts en the
ablis.huies, are symptoms which appear )tors after. and the
inuserisseater of improper oreatenentessNessmC(Xll.)m mod
CO. et ifedieal and Surgical crlebrity,aftir forty yea's rape.
dem, in this metropolis, are consulted daily hi bails husfaern
until nine at uiyht, and the poor have a4.lr put,. oft
Tuesday, Thursday, anti Smutty imusroasta, noel to. Ira
siektielt.All letters to be directed to Charlotte House.
Blibrkfriss.-rea4l, but mug art &funeral which sits feat ton.
hie • cvntoltitigite.

L4W

COURT OF CHANCERY, kyratartNervic,
diansur. star •

.
This &log the tut day a 'lend, die Cuter( wee accepted
ie Istatiog mottoes. at CU11.4“..
The Laws (Maui:ll.lAm will pit at Lincoln's tee Ile)
Thuaatiatp, erhadt eati tic the Gne wet ace Tara.

• aitirr Or "mit% BEACH, ttiariesinsa,
ato3loAlr. 3IAV 4.

tAiIIICI e eLasnutabn.

This was In amines tesAugfit by the l'iaiutilT en reeoter
maar. +ma the Dsfawdaute fur hh th.us raarreariuna ovule
taw of kilo at the Isle esintestril ruction fur the harsh
of nsey, inCorstwell. arsine wee hroiiitlit la Middle.
era, loot, on the application of the Defootaul, the twee
changed so Cornwall.
air. now rrtnee,lc.r t re le is 'hew come oil
the retie should net I.e renweed !smirk to afisbils me. The
Vatting; hr ybaresed, was au utter wow/ we its Cornwall,
never hating Ewen there in Lis life. hat twice. It wee his
nrphew who tawittsisil the election With Mr. itesistriwk of
giants be knew The ground fur riasnyine the moo
was ',Ws, that the Plaintiff' a 11.4 a shunter, *tide she Ur.
Lailatil was is man of lame Mapco), id the event,. Thera
▪ Ilirrefore, a likelihood, Ito, a lin joshes would he Hulled
against the Plaititttf. as it sag prof/4441e dust the (virgule of
the Drfroctaut would the 4.44 the Ju.y,if it erre tried in COl*w
ws all.

Lurd ri arid, that Cornwall wan, On at.
cooed i)t tlw lucidity the eircom•toncy. iLw Mower Owe
in s Web to have the canine hied. The col enterer, how.
ever, of n h.judice bk. ly to Ls; excited status* that
1%14414 good f•ound fur retnutruig the dame mot
mane Baer co,iuty. lite Loidnhip dui net think. huweteci
that it mit!zlii Is. be retenueett nt Xltthilesenn—but it could with
propriety Le licorl to wine 'minty Cuenwell.
At the suggeatision or the (:utiet, Mr. scaaLege cooseuteti
tu lei the cant Maud uVer tall otat That, that reigirt,ist
the mean time, tuuntlit hit client.
tuNiLfax a SUL.
The Plaintiff. in this ctn.., had bruited to netitta against
Mr. Roil She proprievcr uf lAt !Verily Eisonick, fur a {awl
. cos leer grader, whit* itnni appme.ti iu bin rope Mr.
Clitt‘i V, oft ultimo r day, ahtaiaw.l a rule in t•lrew cause why
the l'inoititt should but give serurit) ter Any cuss that
might terror, un the griiittol that the aaa a married stomat.,
livisig apnet fruin her isuatitiol, without attune cement Ilse
ac:• had Inc., brugiAl.

!Ur. Jionttfe HATtry " %Val, it not set forth the DP-
fcl!.lttut'S aitidarit that flit to • tual.iett wune:ln !"
Ivy 41--.-1;111 it ti Aro 111110.11 by
• rr,peet•ble sushi hlual• hat be had seen her Waitangi riamet
art nh..1.11.11n* nave."

Lord f.t.t.r.t.titiftot•cit—" If a I'i dirt sboold he fuiustl
for the j reiniant, how 14.014 he rccover cubts ? l'hr
mighti iw that eau., wove tut a *III of IT, or, and avoid Ills
payment of coals."
Their Lordships acre unanimously of opinion, that the
Plainiik 4tuialtl 4ire serum!: hit tiny costa chat tinghl tat
incurred (row tile resent tlsy.—ltule mask absylute.

es-
Cartwrigist....(4p
oils advocate. Jet
1 lillr. Flout to stapp
yet kit Item the
able pew of Mr. VI
exclaimed a voice.,
for the rights of m
period. abets so os
we should begin
114ithetto, upon
il; hipee bee
e Inter lo attach
•• . of iweo. .1.03, DI
ptiwerJO I adll Mien
yettfelit le
It tittpruase inr the.
tiny longer pose
sires to the Prince
Hutt, if this Meets!
*ill be a precedent
they will este!' the
at this motorist ;
tinning fir their rig
there are twiny r 1,41:
are isiceseary to be
you the placard—
: 66Tito;tights If II
Algal laidatoirts if
; I thamem. will iillte,plw
drltl., is twelve i'eliel
via to take Iwo aura
batrariag Prop*, lbs a!
(sat lambs(
ankh tun, and the ate
epos the Rights of MI
"nil Cruse his proemial
• Parliaments, Inisessel
suppowtoisig the Social
throogitout the Three 1
Spleudonr.Laniery,siol
and Nobles; for min
*mop, pod thweby 1114
its tilery.••
tit conseepsenee
*Wed walls #ll 6011
INlUMtenrl 'Papers.
Buse read or'heard ;
sr lake tap your ti
I will take the first
a short space of yi
Sun. dated %mirth
t. We have heard
taut, that a new nu
itifetsilcil to be he'
fields. It is said
known for his *emir
and ate of the pars
tiers, and Who eat i
deterred by his for
ismee courage than
sights of Britons are
he at my post.
Giesteral who. having
• jetted on account of
the field again ? I
danger some time ag
be devatrd LI) my c
rultro"--a very prop
whence it originate:

Fruit* that the tyrant made Ina way up to the toes try ?—Nu, it aristil (resin the I.svi.li expenditure 1 ata II
k tropulia I and your forefathers, as honest as they of the fruits of tour ii.dustry. We meet here now ri" w
I am co
were brave, little suspected that a man who ',shed with Gagoitig Bills ill our months; hut yet whale well see
tn take the tide of the could have tons from them we do so, we skill toothier the hlinisters that we pitme)
their sacred rights. It was ut that time you were can keep within the her of prudence; that Orig. mu* p
&what/chi...A of your rights, and up to this moment King Law tutirlit hare the effect of teaching you the ow
you hove not moaned them. To retort* then to cu tttt it ig and IN. tiept loss. a rro? It tart I hat )nu hash °len' °I
the ;dotard : 1 any, Chrinleuern, it spes,k:s the lan. the hottest henna of Eitglishintn, winch are above Mrii•V,
it
Ruske of truth; said where. I would ask, it the au- all deceit ;it sill not, however, teach you content, wok we
iisciousnesa of it ?—where the impertiitence k— fur you are 'Orville sufficiently contented and sin. A I'm
(Oka ij "No where!"/—A great chaugo has cart its all your suffering. ; twit 1 loupe there art do wkieh..a
• .. .. .
. . ,
c!
g il I I I hio
to
