CORN TRADE.

PROPOSED RESOLUTIONS FOR REGULATION'OF
THE CORN TRADE.
RT MIL 1111eNITT.

161.—Thst it is expedient to provide that the Foreign
tort now aside, bend in the United Kingdom m■y be taken
oat for boom emmatiption, whenever the ge price of
Wheat, ascertained i■ the usual mode, shall exceed 195.. per
quarter; sad the bade In earn shall thenceforth be perms.
nently free, but "object to the following ditties epos impar-
tation; Oa.
Wheat
Bye, Pease, and Beaus 16.. per quarter.
Barley, Bear and fitgg l2s. per quarter.
Oats SP per quarter.
61.—That • drawback or bounty be allowed ea the
blitiaa of curs to fusels. countries:
On %Siest of a marketable quality 181. per quarter.
Rye, Pease, mid Beam, ditto 12r. per quaver.
Marley, Bear ut Blgg, ditto., 9.. per quarter.
Oat., ditto ....... 6s. per quarter.
And that arch drawback or bounty, In like manner as the
impurtatient duly, be fixed.
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

'4

GERMAN PAPERS.

TRIIITZ, APRIL 20.
The reporls hrusght by taro Arairian shine, which wired
here on the 10th and 12th instant, unaninsoesly agree that
the Greek (bet has been defeated. Capt Leftwich ets,it
Miro', that on his voyage from Smyrna huh., be met, on the
2th of klareh, mar Cerigo, two Greek ships which had suf-
fered severe!), and from which be learnt d the enturtenate
hare wf she engagement.

We have received from Grerce a translation of the Duels-
.
Cation with which the Notional Anembly at Epid has
proclaimed the Constituti ~,, of Greece. In this doe entreat.
which is of great kngth, they skew the just temente they leave
to rim up against the Turkish yoke, after four c. minim ul cif -
pressiow, under the tyranny of Asiatic barbariaos—theirjest
claims to be a.loeitted amoug the Humber of the European
nationme-their resolution tu accomplish their deliicence, .
perish in the attempt—and their confidence in the fattier pest_
section of
such a struggle, bas hitherto given victory to their
In cuncluainn the Deputies declare, lAA the Goverment
sow proclaimed a the uuly legitimate Gov• foment ofGreeee ;
that their task being aerompletheit. the Coster. 114 o w berths
up; and that bencefur•ard it is the July of eke Greeks to
obey the laves, sad respect those who ore striated with the
execuliou of them. " You have manfully declared that you
you'd uu longer bear slavery; and see! your tyrants doily
disappear from among you. But only perfect union ainusig
ourselves, and claire submission in ilia lawn, can cecina
ear lodepeude nee. May Divine Pruviilence, therefore, eL,Je
the goveroosa and the governed, amt the *bole Gm lan
by the light of its usbonueled ei.elors ; neat thee may
Ire sensible of their true internee, and by judgment sod cLe-
dieuce notmally eo operate in conflrinitig and cousalidaticg
the bappioem of uor common moonily:
" Gives at EpPanitie, el.e IStle (17lb) Januaris 1522.
and the list of our ineemnilenee.
(Rigged) " ALEXANDER MAVROCORDATO,
" Preaideut attic Coogrose."

S•bjni•ed are the signatures of sisty•save• Memti•re of
the Congress.

'FRANKFORT. APRIL 28.
The Alfgemeine 2eilmeg of the 25th, contains a long a...
tkle (sent to it from tumult fur insertiou,) in refutation of an
article dat.ci frankfort, and inserted is the same piper of
' the 7th of April. The seope of this refuleillow is to skew
the lucontueteitcies of which the •ntbur of the Frankfort-lit_
tick to guilty, to prove that the triumphant tune is which 1 e
announces the euesmeacsment of war to be OMIT at haud
premaluee. Tbalath She writer boasts that all Chrotia• Eu-
rope as ou hi* Mile, it is to b• presumed 'hereto., that the
Eiegbsli, Preach, and Prussia. Goiretegoests, who
as we have !rarest from their pulsate eitclesaitesse„ 'hi their 1
most so prevent the bre silting out of amp war; it heves oho
maguatiouttus Emperor Alexerder himself, senu mut
good that he *titled to avoid Ibis oar so fins "was cOnstritritt
with the Imitator °lbis Croon, are senate of Christie. Eu-
rope, its the opinion oldie writer. There are also soma fool-
isls people also we deals octisso in the stain 014 very war, who
mill feel the wounds •biel former teats have isflactsti es
Christie* Europe, and who eannot euutesee hue new ware
are is, alleviate the sufferisms of humseity. But Gut ti
• 111140111/11111, we 'oppose, are only speculators in the foods!
Tu be gum it would be yes, happy for humanity if t
Tusks would be extirpated from She face of the .fun y
here w barhartaisa" diJ sot cousider themeless as me i
(which, to be su•e, they are out), and if they w..e
out disposed to defrod their pi...ceded tights wish a
thew ought. But toe.* uncivilised horde, fancy Au y
H have • right to &find themselves if attacked, sod th.•
enottot be dorm without sacrifices, wethout b.ektut heats.,
sod mach misery on bulk .ides. 0 I beer ciusailers,' suis
the Curresresolent, s •ould gut be actuagd by r• 110 .•
faumfci.m, but by tie f Eurupeaa (11111.2415.,11
Vet, natfiral; who it Mk days would awl &spiel thaaticiee
The .pint of the esearaiseirra es vier dillineut and tae strove
'imbed spatiree Sc destroy our athrepartsa. It ie 1111 t
times[ 14.1rIpswit tiviliattioo that ate are to I-I waste:the
Isiesny's tmostry with fire sad word. sod with the enure'
aimed at Isse breast preach to him of hoosseilly and t kli-
Aatose„ are% is true, far fume belstvsog SEII toile
1 fibre ten Omega eve, the °imitate sod Mousers of oatioos,
mid Moth it very wiong that waken* was Wei), to 11141.”-Gi
seruin UIIIIIOIIN, who had throws off the ba.asse wf
.euwatilratia aad law, sod the sew ideas so paertathl'y put
back "robin the limas of ancient ceder. But this wiewattrw
le only for our 'frieids and torthica, sod all those "'sties.
motor use way tit thinking. nut our elliev, who are who ly fl•
eluded rmo owe node of the rights of war."—Afire sense
*Welke rnwerke•she Volute .titer obese tfaatllte cdatithia.
111.111 of she reports of war, raid so be derived from • neer'. c
pf M. tiutissebild, sti problemagoal, tomer M. Ruses.
child himself, so the day whets aorta reports of war arse
spread its VICIIII4, promually gave on ti. rich atige 'the
•••••• sotidfactory 81111YrIMICID to 'guy of I a moposimause
who were called together, and posttively coutiad,c.ed the
lepurts of oar. Now, an the courier said to Lave arrayed
+'si F•anlitisit must low temperate time) have hers
,seheil before flute amerancen •eie given, •e may ha al-
lowed RS; bush' she suelemey •f the statement of sheens's
he iirut.,:ht. ail, Itullosehilit is a may of insistent, asset the

I

I

r

.y.

_:maNlMllill6....AaiiiMi

rsnlernt Correspondent will ►a►dly seen*, him of 'such
very suspicious equivocating". But had we net these suffi-
cient reasons, we should be contest with the (Meets' duelata-
tsti' of the Austrian Oheiircer, No. 102, and of the Berlin
State Gazette, No. 41, to counterbalance the reports,
otateineols.of corremsondents, and mercantile intelligence,
which announce the comm•orement of hostilities as beteg se
very sear.—(FraleAfort Papers to Apra 30.)

-- -
REPUBLIC OF COLOMBIA.
THE Holders of all DEBENTURES jostled
by me, as Vice-President of flies Repolilie of 'Colom-
bia, numbered from No. I to 604 (both Seclusive), and dated
Loaduo, the Ist of Asguat, 1820. may receive payment of
the same, wit► she interest which will then be doe thereon,
nes Mosd;y, the 1.1 day of Judy seal, at the aim of Mean
t'. ileum, W. Graham, and J. D. Powl.s, t►e soula of
she Colombia" Republic, Freeman's-court, Conduit, Lan-
dau; anal the Holders of the afore-neeotioned Debentures are
. requested to lake uutiee that the interest thereon will cease
from sad after the said Ist day of July next ensaieg.
Pa.ia, April 30, 1822. F. A. ZEA.

.•
THE BRITISH PRESS.

LON I)ON,
TUESDAY, MAY 7. left.
*ant( r in

Earl GREY took occasion yesterday evening
the House of Lords to express has opinion upon the
pLin proposed by the Ministers of the Crown for
fmniip; out the annuities, superannuation', and
half-pay. The opinion of a Statesman of tape.
• rience could not be favourable to a project so cir-
' sceitous and preposterous, and the Noble Earl, in
;taw exercise of his hest judgment, eciudessus it
-liessithout reserve. Who indeed can distinguish the
measure from a covert attack upon the sinking
fund, except by the peculiar loss that it throes
upon the country ? Lord Gast calculates the
,eyenttud loss to the country• at no less than ten
millions. If the Ministers feel the necestriey of
stbmitting to the demands of the puhlic upon the
suhject of reducing the burden of the *taxes, and
to obedience to this popular claim wish to extend
nn immediate relief to the amount of nearly two
millions wyearlikit may fulfil their desires either
by reducing the elthenditure of the Govirnment in
this amount, or by subtracting an equal sum ma-
nually from the sinking fund. They have inclined
unfortunately in principle to the latter proceeding,
but finding therAelver impeded by their own re-
cent resolutions from fullowiug such a course openly
and manfully, they have determined in an indirect
and circuicnets manner to accomplish the same re-
sult, and to afford to the present generation a trifling
relief at the expense of a large addition to the bur-
dens of posterity.
Upon this point, and also upon the measure for
extending the charter of the Bank of Eogland fur
ten years, the Noble Earl proposes to take the
sense of the House of Peers.
The .Navigation Bill, to which we lately iuvited
the attention of our readers in more extended de-
tail, was last night geed *second time in the House
of Commons, and will this evening be committed,
solely for the purpose of appointing some particu-
lar evening on which the sense of tile (louse might
be collected upon the principle of the measure.
hlr. LAMBTON presented two petitions from the
shipping interests in Sunderland and South Shields
against the professed measure; and the opinion of
the petitioners against any relaxation iu the simple '
strictness of our great navigation law, was warmly
re•eehoed by several Members, of whom some
were on the Ministerial Benches. We should
regret very much if any serious infraction were
suffered in the principle of the great Naviga-
tion Act, but we think that they who oppose the
Bill now pending in Parliament have nut read it, or
at least have not sufficiently considered its enact.
meats, or they would never represent it as
a mea-
sure that would effectually undermine the whole
fabric of our commercial and naval sopretuacy.
• The Bill aims rather at simplifying the existing
• laws, or, at the farthest, at giving them some
;slight modification, such as the course of events.,
necessarily demands, rather than at f►aruing u sys-
tem wholly new, and founded upon bases not already
salictified by the approval of many Wit-rstiotia.
We find-that all the shipping interest of Eligl.ind is
opposed to the present Bill. Sir W. CURTIS ex..
. passed, with no feeble voice, his wish that he had
the voice nig Stentor to make his opinions Limon all

over England. The public prep will silently effect
' (Us purpose for the worthy senator, but there are
►ome people who may be tempted to ask whether the
worthy Alderman ever, in point of lief, read either
►iw Navigation Act or the present Bill..and bow
tar Lis political science has qualified hint, whether
Stentor or not, to become the instructor of the
whole peuplr of Euglauti.
Lord LorroueDZIMICI plan for what he is pleas-
ed to call the relief of the people, was last night
made the subject of a long and important debate.
We must content ourselves for the present with re-
ferring our readers to the report of the several
speeches. It will Ire seen that the first of the series
of Resolutions, namely, that which provided for
the advance of one million on corn to be warehoused,
was ultimately withdrawn.

We have received the Paris Papers to Saturday
list. Their couiaota are destitute of iutereat.

We have waved Dieted Papers to the sth io•
stint. The Mere (rota Vivito, which cows dew*.
to the tad of April. is of a pocifie character.

Yesterday the Earl of LavcapooL bad aa
(hence of the Kttlo.
Mr. Gout.suam has left town for Ireland. Hia
depariere was quilt *widen •ud unexpected. A

tlisagrerroent etuoug the leads% Membera of the
Iffih Government is one of the teminne aosigned by
•
rumour for his visit to Dublin. The Lotto CUAIII-
yr Lama, it a ►end, does not feel himself at cue
wince the removal of Me. SMJAIII from the office of
IlituruerGencrel„

ROYAL
?be Etbibitio• was throws epee yesterstayortid sdatitted
the largest CCHICOUFILe of people ever entertained i• the same
space of time since the first imstitusisin of it. It was, of
course, impracticable to obtain opportunities for werutioizing
pieces. It is gratifyiag to any that the Exhibi-
tMa is very far before any prevmus nee, both in the slumber
and execatio• of the historical subjects, ••d i• the import-
ance every tray of the portrait are The fame of the
Eahibi-
ties, it appears, has bee. anticipated, and the French Aca-
demicism' are, sad mem of rata said to be quite on the
alert, and fall of travelling preparation to obtain a view in
the coarse of the scum*.
FASHIONABLE PA Brigs.

tweet mad Count's. Lievee flue an (*gaol eatertatotnent
on Seadsy to the Duke of Wellingius, the Duke of Devon-
shire, the Kornai' eel Marc►aoes. of Coeyeghano, Lord
crawls sell lady Elizabeth Omelets., the Countess of
Jersey, Earl and Countess Cowper, Lord and Lady Stewart,
Lord F. Gower, Lord illsoderas Yioroset tied Yiscumness
Grinvillf, Lord Palmerston, he.
The Bishop of Lincoln will entertain a distinguished
parry to-Morrow et his house is Consanght piece.
The Marc-biomes. of Camden will give • spendid rout cm
• Feidsy next, at her hems I. Arlingtos.street.
The Earl of Derby has issued cards of levitation for an
defrost eetertaiesseat on the 15tb fastest, at his horse is
Greevesor.square.
The Eail of Westmorland will mantels the Dote of York
and a large party of distieguisheal pensmages oil Saturday, at
his huuse in Grosvenor.aquare.
Mr. mud Mrs. Hope eutertained a large party of distinction
yesterday at their house in Mansfield-sheet.
Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell have Issued cards of invitation for
es entertainment on Friday, aid another on the 20th iostaut,
at their boom in Cheeks-inert, Berkeley-.noire.
John Moberly, Esq. M.P. has issued cards of invitation
fur Cu eatertaiement on Saturday Next, at his house in Gros-
venor.sqoare.

FASHIONABLE ifOrEMSNTS.
The Earl and Coast's@ of Bristol tad family are expected
to arrive tomorrow at their new mansion to St. James's.
square from the Continent, after an absence of nearly three
'earl.
Lnrd Cranky arrived yesterday at the Clarendon Hotel,
Bond street, from his seat, Claadon Palk, Surrey.
W. A. Roberts, Esq. M.P. has arrived at his house in
Mount-street, Gruaveour•square, from his seat in Worcester-
shire.

H. Rigby, Esq. left tees yesterday for his seat, Miley
Hall, Emirs.
Miss Not brat arrived at her boon i■ St. James's-plsee
from her seat in Staffordahire.

CLiplain Campbell, R.N. has arrived at Fectoo's Hotel, St.
.11mwea-street, from Sea/timid.
Arrivals et the Balls Hotel, Arlington-street:—Dr. Galli-
fee and Slr.fatz.;erald from the Continent; Mr. and Mrs.
Hamilton and 'family from the West Indira. Mr. and Mrs.
Wpiter and family have left ditto for their seat io Herts.
Mr. and Mrs. Read and family have arrived at Hodgson's
Hotel, Dover-streea, from Cheltenham ; sad Mr. Hammond
from his seat in Hauls. Mrs. Higge and family have left
ditto for their seat is Norfolk.
Dewing-ma from Jordan's Hotel, St. James`s-alreet
'Francis Jeffrey, Esq. George Mackenzie, Esq. and .1. Riddle,
req. for Scotland ; Mr. and Mrs.Johusou for Brighton ; sod
G. Sanders, Esq. and Masa Sanders for their seat in Hants.
Arrivals at the Royal Hotel, St. James`s-strrrt :—The
Marquis and illarclismess of Dote yesterday from Brighton;
sod Ike Rev. C. Gore from &blot. Departures from ditto:
Sir Thomas Preston sad family fur their seat, Benton Hall,
Norfolk ; and Sir George Feaberstooe and family for 'rum-
ba idge Wells.

Prince LICOVOI D has been detained much longer
abroad than be intended, by his attentions to his
illother during a severe illness. His Royal High-
;loess when at Naples was much indisposed. so
'much so that he was confined to his room fur seve-
ral days. The Prince is now on his way back to
England. During his absence his large and
princely establishment, including the attendants
and domestics of his late beloved Princess, with the
exception of the amiable Colonel ADDRNDROIE,
lately deceased, has been kept up the same as when
he was in England. The necessary and unavoidable
repairs of the mansion house, at Claremont, have
been completed at an unexpected expense of 15,0001.
the dry rot having been discovered to have gotten
iuto the whole building.

Min IVENSLEY baring escaped from Captain
' Rock and the White Buys in Ireland, is now per-
Awning at the theatre of Bristol, her native town.
Among the distinguished persons who have ul-
ready visited Mr. HALLS'S large Picture on the
subject of "The lieu Marys visiting the Sepulchre
of Christ," now exhibiting at No. 54, Pall-mull,
we 'mien' the following:—
The Duke and Duchess of Somerset ; Lords Sidmouth and
Btlgrave; the Bishops of Loudon, Llama's, Salisbury, Nur-
%lnch, Bangor. Carbide, mid Llandiff; the Master of the
(tolls; Lady Darer • the Hon. Mrs. J. Villiers Mrs. Huwley,
and the Misses Fisher;! the Countess Si. Autoniu; Sir Fre-
derick and Lady Baker ; Lady Tv Wes ; Sir Tyrwhiit Joules;
A Malcom') Prows r ; the Rev. W. H. Carr; Mr. serjeaot
Pried; Dr. sod Mrs. Baillies Dr. Holland; Deoisuii,
Esq. ; W. A. White, Esq., &c.
We are informed from respectable authority, that
the Marquis of THOMOND intends to confine his
residence exclusively to this county, where he will
dwell among his tenantry, watch over their improve-
ment, increase their comforts, aad encourage their
exertions.—(Cork Paper.)

During the late visit to Ireland of the Marquis
of Sum), his Lady, who with-her children lodged
■t an Hotel in Paris, was robbed of a sum of money
which she had the same day got front her banker.
Two nights afterwaids. Lady PAGE TURNER, who
was lodged at the same place, was also robbed of
a quantity 4.1 plate, which had been carefully locked
up in a press belonging to the same Hotel.
HENRY CLIME, Esq. M.P. late Under Secretary
of State, has arrived at Loughton. King's County,
the residence of THOMAS RYDER PEPPER, Esq. for
the pu►pose of visiting his extensive property in that
neighbourhood.
Northumberland House will not be fit for occu-
pation till the spring of next year. There will be
ten rooms on one floor, not to be equalled in Europe
' for size and splendour. The old House is nearly
gone. The front, next the Thames, will be a sur-
iprising sprit:Mien of taste in architecture. The ban-
queting-room will bee prodigiously grand structure.
- The drawing-room will be all after the Grecian
elle. All the apartments will be hung with Eng-
lish silks of the richest fabric,. aud Abe col pet will
come flow Axminster. • ;

L24' INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH. Werranirrta,
iil olf DIY, MAY 6.

THL SING V. KENTON. ISQ.
Mr. GlitaiLY on a former day ebtained a role to thew
close why a tansies! iofuroration should not be filed agaiust
Ilse Defendant Tor oppressive conduct in his character of
Magistrate of the county of Salep. it was then stated to the
Court that one loses, a waggoner, io the service of Mr. Lloyd,
a farmer, was driving his team along a narrow lane, wiles
a gentleman named Owen came up on horseback, accompa.
nied by a lady, and desired the waggoner to make way fur she
lady to pars, but the San refused, and as he was at that lime
riding on the shafts of the waggon, Mr. Owes inquired to
whom the waggon belonged, bet the sun refused to let
him see the same of the owner, by spreading his frock over
the place where it was written. M. Owen, then attempted
to put the man aside, but a boy rho was accompanying the
waggoner set the horses going, on which Mr. Owen rode to
the head of the tram to glop Them, whets Jones ease up, aid
taking him by the court endeavoured to pull him off his
horse, and lan the attempt tore his coat trims the skirts to
the shoulder. The waggoner was afterwaide taken before
the Defendant who Stied him 10.. fur riding on the shafts of
his waggon, and directed his to pay di. for the damage done
to Mr. Owen'. coot. It was also alleged in the affidavits on
the part of the Preeecater, that Mr. Krayos refused to bail
the waggroser ; and na his master, Lloyd, making some oh-
we, he was ordered to hold his tongue or he should be
set io the stocks; the Magistrate at the same time observing,
that if Mr. Owes had koorked Jones's bead off it would
have served his right. It was also stated that Mr. ffeayoo
had held out some threat to inform Sir T. Tyrwhiti Jones,
the landlord, of Lloyd's conduct, and get bias tamed oat of
his farm ; and that Lloyd actually did, a few days after.
wards, receive a note frost the agent of his landlord to quit
his farm.
Mr. Scasterr now skewed cause against the role, and
produced affidavits Croat the Defends's, the Coastable, Sir
I'. T. Joan, and his Agent, fully contradicting all the most
material facts oar which the rule was granted.
The COUaT regretted, and could not justify the language
which had been used by the Magistrate; but as the suet
important eircumstasees had been contradicted, their Lord-
ships considered there was no ground to sake the rule
absolute.—Role discharged.

s ‘eXt
4.
0'
. 4E.,0 rfr
TAA
_
