'trials (hear, hear.) in which the law of evidence prevailed, where a
life had been taken unjtretly, so far as information went in respect
to the existecce of the imputed crime, and to all appeayance, yet
certainly with an email a portion a that kind of evidence which
was admi.sible, made the result excessively painful to one's; feelings,
when he contemplated the issue of those trials, and then saw it Bill
thrown out by the Legislature proposing the admission of evidence
under certain restrictions and regulations in cases in which life was
eoneerned. Ile could not but address an Imploring voice to the
Legislature of Jamaica, and entreat that they would, as quickly Ilk
poseible, wipe out the stain of that proceeding. (Hear, hear.)
I 'pon' private information, undoubtedly this House could not act,
hut upon private information it night be the duty of the
Government to hesitate at acting in a more decisive war.
Ile had the greatest hopes. that in the next Session of the
the Assembly a' Jamaica that Act which was rejected last Session
would pass. ( Hear. hear.) He could not pledge himself for it.
He could not lay before the House the evidence which to his mind
was conclusive that such a measure would be done ; but he had re.
ceived information, and had seen documents, and a sort of analysis
of the proposed measure. which led him to hope that in the next
Session the Bill would pans. Ile was desirous, therefore. of giving
another chance for that which he felt to be • most desirable con.
summiston ; he desired further time to be given for the execu-
tion of all lie wished the colonies to do, and which he trusted
would be done without disturbing the established system, and
without bringing upon this country a costive of measures the conse-
quence of which might Its far oilier than those which they had
hitherto had in encounter. `}le was desirous to give them this re-
spite for a further trial ; buerbe was not so much opposed to the
Hon. Gentleman as to say that if due 'advantage were not to be
taken of this tetnpite, a time might not cone when it might be the
duly not of Parliament to take out of the hands of Government that
task which he hoped they had hitherto faithfully discharged, but
when it might be the duty of Government to call upon Parliament
to invest them with that discretion I Hear. ;ear), which would
enable them, if necessary; to enforce the 1-mut:neon% that the Colo- 1
nisiretusett to adopt. (Hear. hear.) fit wished it, however,
to be understood thin. tluring this interval of delay, it was the
purpose of Government to take a course which would bring
the intentions of tie Colonial Legislatures to a trial. It was their
intention to have intsodneed into every one of those Legislative
Assemblies Mlle esubodyins the regulations contained in the (Met
In Vounril, an as to force either the acceptance or the rejection, or
the modilieatimi of them in the course uf the next Session of the
Colonial Leen.el-uutcs. The House would then understand that
there had been tnese three gradation,' of experiment. That after
thoresolutions passed that House, the Government had nareanitted
them to the Colonies, with recommentlaßons to their respective
Legislators to adopt measures In conforinity with those resolu-
tions; that course not succeeding the (Jthernment drew up such
enactments imposing died) where they had the power, end wheel,
they had not, recommending them for adoption. That having also
failed, it was now their purpose that there regulstions should be
submitted to every colonial legislature, and that cv ry such legis-
lature should have to decide upon a Bill framed mine them, sub-
ject however to such modifications which different circhinstances
might make necessary, and upon that to come to a -decisiod..
He did not consider that there was anything in this course
that could be objectionable to the Colonial Legiehituie. lie was per-
fectly persuaded lint a greater disposition prevailed now to adopt the
measures recommended. There would be difficulties- he admit-
ted. But, if they recollected 'hew many things there were
which were most plain to the understanding, as well as very
clear and agreeable to the feelings and wishes of person., but that
it took nevertheless a series of yaws to insinuate into • British
Parliament, lie thought it was nos too much to consent to this
further respite ; to try the eapernmentonce more t that itkerouW
not be too much to wait a little wMWto insinuate into the Crilimial
Assemblies treasures in which these bodies cnnsiderednot only
their pride, their prejudices, and their feelings were conexmed, but
in which the safety of their per end their proper y was involved.
There existed much misapprehension on many subjects connected
with this question. Ile understood there was an expectation that
the Government would meet some deterntioation—he knew not
whet determination—unless it was some assumed determination of
the colonists to resist the withdrawal of the services of their slaves
by a compulsory manumission. Now there were many opinions
on the subject of compensation. Some thought that compensation
might be found by the appraisement of the slave. In his opinion
no compensation should be given for an alteration in the general
condition of the slave, but that compensation to the owner would
I be found in the increased happiu.ss of the slave, and would tol-
-1 low his elevation, and his arrival at a state of feeling worthy
of the dignity of 13 mesa. There were many circumstances now
existing which were Lanier* to the improvement of the slave, but
which he hoped would be done away. The amelioration of the
cm -Anion of the slave by the acts of the colonial legislatures would
be a triumph which at all events was werth trying for, and he
should deeply regret if Parliament was induced to take any step
which might defeat that seccess or make it more remote. If the
experiment was tried and failed, the House would have the conso-
lation of knowing that they had not resorted to coercive measures
until all expectation was at an end that the colonies would net
wisely for themselves. Ile must now briefly allude to his speech
of the last century (a laugh), which had been adverted to by
the Right Honourable Gentleman. He (Mr. Canning) did not
then fill the situation which he had now the honour to fill, sing
he did rot consider that he was reponeible for everythinti
which had then fallen from him when he held no responsible
situation. (Hear.) It was nothing new to hear Honourable Mem-
bets in that House giving loose to all the feelings of their nature,
when there was no necessity to shape their sentiment foe practical
application. (licar.) He could not say he was overburdened
with prudence now, but he believed he was less prudent at the
period referred to, and ceedd not now be responsible for every senti-
ment which he then uttered. Considering the situation in which
he now stood as the organ of Government, and the executor of the
resolutions of that House, he did not feel himself in any degree
responsible foe anything be might have said at the period alluded
to, as to arrangements between the minder and his slave. But at the
period referred to the Slave Trade was the subject of discussion ;
(hear, hear), there wee no qutetion then shout the emancipation of
slaves. The colonists tben maintained that die abolition of the
Slave Trade was contrary to their interest, and that If the Slave
Trade ceased their property would be destroyed. The principle
he then held was, that the possession of uncontrolled power, with
the certainty of a stinted supply in the event of the abolition;
rendered the slave-owners incapable of legislating with the free.
done and impartiality which might have been expected from •
British Parliament. He held that according to tine prir.ciplett of
human nature, a limited supply and an unlimited power was in.
compatible with a reasonable expectation of sound and impartial
legislation. Upon reconsideration, he now thoeght that what he
then said was perfectly true. Did he now ask the House to trust to
the uncontrolled feelings of the master towards the slave. when he
called upon the former to follow the path chalked out for hint by
Goventment, and Intimated that if the measures recommended
were not attended to, the colonists would be compelled to sub.
mit to the recommendations of Government? Was not this re-
sorting to every thing short of coercion ? He was not yet thr
coercion. Ile did not conceive that the contumacy of the
colonists had arisen to such a degree an called for coercion;
but he confessed he saw symptoms uf contumacy which he de-
plored, and he was desirous of giving an interval to allow those
symptoms to develope themselves more distinctly. It was now
the intention of his Majesty's Government to bring the qua-
, tion before the colonial legislatures in a shape in which ft
could not he evaded. It vas also his intention to supply an
omission which had occurred he scarcely knew how. He meaet
the submietion of the resolution passed by Ihst House to the
Leeds for their concurrence. Considering the- reliance which was
placed , upon the House of Lords in the early stages of this
question, it was most_ material to have their Lordships' concur-
rence, and he should content himself with moving that those reso-
'unmt should be submiued to the House of Peers for their Lord-
ships' sanction. This was all that it was in the contemplation of
Government to do during the present Session. In the event of
the measure which he now described proving ineffectual, he should
certainly feel it the duty of the Legislature to proceed Nether ;
at the same time he should feel it his duty to oppose any new
measures -which should be proposed dariug the present Session
and this the Goverment would do withdut denying she abstract
proposition; vithoor denying that the necessity for thither inter:
!science may ante ; on the contrary, agreeing that A 1 time may come
when the ineefiferenecof the House should be neceettarv, and only
contending that that time had not yet occurred. The Hight Hon.
Gentleman concluded amidst loud cheers.

Mr. BROUGIELIM said he begged to make an inquiry from the
Right Hon. Gentleman opposite (Mr. Gimping). who was of course
in possession of information to which he (Mr. Brougham) had not
access. The MOM important point, he thought, wax the manumit-
Mon of slaves. He (lid not mean the abolition of the restraints on
manumission, but the power of compelling masters to sell their
slaves freedom ; in other words, enabling the slaves to obtain
their freedom. The next point was !hes competency of slave evi-
dence ; and the third was, the u•e of the whip or driver—he did
net mean as affecting the control of punishment. or aerelating to
the number of lashes what he meant was the driving system, whe-
ther used as a badge of authority or as a stimulus to labour. Now
taking the manumission and thedriving system, he wished to inquire
how many of the Colonial Legislatures had of themselves at any
time passed a law, either wi:h respect to slave evidence or
driving, except Tobagoand Bartiadots. There were objections to
be taken upon a thourind other scores, but he wished to know
whether any resolutions had born coma to upon these points except
in the islands lie had mentioned. Tbere was a fourth point which
he wished to be included in his inquiry—he meant the separation of
relatives.

Mr. Secretary CANNINfI hawing referred to his documents,
answered,• that the islands of St. Vincent, St. Wits. St. Lucia, and
Grenada. had passed resolutions as to the compcency of slave evi:
dente. There were no resolutions on the subject of manumission g
but as to the separation of I,mulies and general punishment, reso-
lutions had been passed by the Legislatures of Tobago, St. Kitts,
Grenada. and St. Lucia.

Mr. F. BUXTON wished to ask a question of the Right
Hon. Secretary respecting the island of Jamaica, which was well
known to contain a large portion of the *lave population. He
wished to know whether any thing had been done in that island,
because the Governor, in his address to the Assembly in December
last, was stated to hare said that nothing whatever had teen dons,
towards the amelioration of the slave population in that island..
Mr. Secretary CANNING replied, that with the exception of
raise Institution for the religious instruction of die slaves, and giv-
ing them the powa of taking under bequests, nothing bad been
done in Jamaica thr the slave pnpulation.
Mr. W. S3lll'll expressed his approbation of the moderate
and eatiomil manncr in which the question had been trcstril by the
Right Hon. Secretary (Mr. Canning). II: thought the subject
resolved itself into a small point. The colonists ought distinctly to
uadtrstand that slat was tint doge by the coluitial legislatures

before the next Session would be done by the British Parliament
during the next Session. Ile did not wan to charge upon the
Colonial Assembly of Jamaica the idle and absurd resolutions of
the parochial assemblies; but he should take leave to comment
upon the speech of the Duke of Manchester to the House or As.
Beadily., on the 21st December lam, which had been slightly glanced
at by his Hon. Friend (51r.Buxton). The Governor. in addressing
the Resemble. was reported to have said that no proceeding hail
been adopted to improve the condition of the negroes, and that the
peciations of lily ?ilajesty's Government had totally failed. This
was the language of the (inventor to the House of Representatives.
' Ile pressed them to do something, if mot (he said) to disarm their
enemies, at least to satisfy their friends, and that the advice of
Government might not seem to be total) disregarded. bitch was
Jamaica.
the conduct of the Colonial Assembly of Had they shown
any eign of repentance, as was intimated by the Right Honourable
Gentleman ? On :he contrary, in that very debate when the goes-
tion relating to negro evidence was brought before the Colonial
Assembly, it was thrown out by a majority which he need not
mention, although it was urged by the most respectable Members
of the Assembly, and rinpported by the most incontrovertible
arguments. Yit persons in this country were reviled fur saving
the Assemblies front the erects of a line of conduct which. if
not charged, would at length overwhelm them. In his Ole
Smith's) opinion, the conduct of the Colonial Legislatures was con-
tumacious in the highest degrfe. They had betrayed a spirit on
'which he should not comment ; but it was clear they must be made
to yield either to fear or force, for they did not seem disposed to
yield either to ret.e.in or kindness: (Hear. hear.) Ile should con.
eluded by observing., that the general priociples laid down by the
Right Honourable Secretary, in his speech of the last century, on
the abolition of the 'Slave Trade, wore strictly applicable to the
present question on the emancipation of the slaves.
Mr. Secretary PEEL. would take the liberty of earnestly caution-
ing lion. Members apinst the use of any language which may
ward that one object—the practical amelioration of the slaves, in
which the House so generally concurred. The Hauser seemed
to acquiesce ht the expediency_ of the measures 'proposed by
his, Right lion. Friend (Mr. Canning) and must therefore perceive
the wisdom and expediency of putting the subject before the Co-
lonial Legislature, in that language and with that temper which
may lead to a reasonable hope that the recommendations of Par-
: fitment would be carried Mtn effect*. • was most important to
pursue a course by which they .should. avoid a contest with
the prejudices of the colonists, by Which their irritability would be
excited. It was important because such an exercise of moderation
may prevent the colonists from pureeing a course which would
make the interference of Parliament necessary ; and if Parliament
was called upon to interfere, it was of equal importance that they
should have willing Instruments to carry their measures into effect.
(Hear.) He begged the blouse not to believe that the caution
which he now recommended proceeded wont the slightest indif-
ference to the main object which all had In view. If the measures
of the colonists themselves were net satisfactory, he had no hesita.
tion in saying that Parliament ought to expre's a legislative
opinion that should he consistent with humanity and with the in-
terests of the colonists themselves. By this means they woald
satisfy the public feeling of ela country by the practical ameliora-
tion of the slaves. There were several points of amelioration
which he could inn conceive were reconcilable with delay. To
one point he attached the greatest importance ; he meant the qua-
!Mention by which the slave would be enabled to give evidence.
Without undervaluing the otherpoints he war disposed to think
that of the greatest importance. This was a state of things
which could not continue, and he was sure the colonists most See,
to borrow a phrase from his Right lion. Friend, that Otis was the
cheapest mode by which they could evince. their disposition to
ameliorate the condition of the slaves. Without touching upon the
general question or slavery, he would NI that justice in this case
was not incompatible with interest, but that the master would be
fortified by the elevation of his slave. As to the qualification of
giving evidence, was it intended that the evidence should be
offered to a party, or to an individual' influence in favour of the
slave ? Was it not to he weighed and laid before a Jury of white
men ? it was first to he decided whether the slave was competent
to give evidence ; and then came the question whether his evidence
was applicable, and in what degree. which was to be decided by a
Jury of white men. Upon that point he hoped. there would not be
a moment's delay in capacitating the slave to give evidence. The
devices adopted by some of die colonies only proved the necessity
of the measure of capacitating the slave to give evidence. In some
colonies, the evidence of the slave was admitted, when there was
no white men to give evidence; but if there was a white evidence
the slave was excluded. So that the evidence may be all in favour
of one patty. The evidence to acquit a man may be white, and
therefore admissible, while that which accused hint could not be
received. The grand principle which he contended for in capaci-
; toting the slave to give evidence was, that time responsibility of re-
; fusing his evidence should nut lie upon the law, but upon an in.
dividual. There could be no objection to this mensure on the part
of those who were anxious to elevate the slave. If it was; wished
that the slave should not rise above the level of a brute, he could
understand time nature of the objection. Ile did not conceive there
would be any possible opposition on the ground of danger to pro.
; petty. The white jury was to decide whether the evidence of the
slave was credible, and who could say that any danger could arise
; to the property of white men under such circumstances Ile had
abstained from saying a single wore wbich might have the effect or
provoking Irritation. or preventing thus object in which all agreed,
namely, the amelioration of the slaves, and with the expectation
that nothing which had fallen from hint could be construed to have
that effect he should conclude. _

Mr. SCA MATT entirely concinred in what bad fallen from
the Right lion. Secretary (Mr. Peel), and could not help feeling
the deepest regret that the Government of Jamaica should have
exposed itself to the censure of' gentlemen distinguished for their
eftorts in the cause of humanity. It must be admitted that amongst
the Colonial Assemblies there were many men of humanity, (hear)
and they ought to feel that their own interest as well ai ttat of
mankind was identified with that of the slave population. There
were various subjects connected with this question, and he agreed
that if the Legislature of the Islands did not introduce any
measrres of improvement, it would become the Legislature of this
Country to take the subject into their own hands. Ile thought the
point alluded to by the Right lion. Secretary (Mr. Peel) was pre-
cisely that to which attention should be first directed. (Hear.) Hr
had viewed th:s subject with great interest for a long time. His
earliest prejudices, his moat anxious wishes were engaged in the
cause, and he had ever felt the dement horror at the condition of
slavery and the treatment of the slaves. Ile hailed every practical
opportunity of ameiioniting the horrible condition of the slaves;
but at the same time he differed with many as to the best and most
direct means of obtaining that object. He thought that all attempts
at the improvement of the slaves should begin with conciliating
the masters, (hear.) anti an thing like the language of reproach or
blame, or above all of threats, he thought would form a most effec-
tual barrier against the attainment of that common object which was
the wish ofall. If the acts of the colonial legislatures and of bully idu-
als connected with them were made the subject of open reproach, he
feared it would have the worst effects. II eit isapproved of the reluctance
manifested by the colonial legislature, but be believed the language
used in that House may have presented the strongest obstacles to
an amicable acquiescence in the recommendations of Government.
He abstained from going into the question of particular ameliora-
tion; he hoped the subject would be left in the hands of Govern-
mem. The feelings of the legislature and the country upon the
question were known. In his opinion the best course had been
adopted by Government, and he had no doubt it would be finally
successful. _ _

----....
Mr. PHILLIPS could not account for the contrariety of feeling
which existed between the colonial legislatures and the proprietors
resident in England. He thought any Gentleman dispassionately
considering the recommendations of Governmeut to the colonies
must be surprised us the manner in which they were received. He
was sure nothing could tend more to the security of the colonists
than the cordial adoption of the retromineodations. He trusted that
upon more urgent recommendation the colonists would adopt
another mode of action. Hi:remembered when every man who was
anxious for the abolition of the slive trade was held to be an en•
thusiast, but he had lived to see the most violent opponents of that
measure admit that it had produced no ipjury and much goad. If
the measure was now adopted of misting the slaves to the state of
freemen, he budlittle doubt that the ex 'nice would be the same,
and !try the- fiitt tnoptiitoriltrbli d Unit aeltumaledge their
mistake, and admit that great practicals. nefit was conferred upon
them. He thought the measure us Alia as any mathematical
reasoning, but the history of this question was the history of all
great measures of improvement : when first proposed they. were ob.
jected to, and when the effects were seen they were acquiesced In.
1 tie gave • the Government credit for the sincerity with which they
' had taken up the question. If they pursued the measures which
they had begun, he was convinced they would be crowned with sue.
cess. He should be sorry to see the subject taken out of the hands of
Government, who had heretofore conducted it with prudence and
moderation.

11ir. W ILMOT HORTON would feel much regret if this
measure should be wrested from the hands of Government at this
particular moment. To any person looking at this intricate and
complicreed subject, as his situation obliged him to do, it was of
the utmost moment that this misrepresernation should be cleared
away, and that the scope and object of the measures recommended
be, his Majesty', Government should be known in the West In.
diet. The impression that their power over the slaves would be
weakened, sod the value or their property diminished, was what
made the colonists take the course they had. It was most
important therefore to disabuse them on these points. In reference
to one point he would read a letter which he had received during.
the day. The House would reculleet that the Order of Connell
came into operation in Demerara on the let of January in the pre.
sent year. In Demerara the moat serious apprehensims were ene
tertained as to the Effect's which would fallow the operation of that
ease, by the alteration which it watt Resumed it would create
in the conduct and character of the slave. The letter which
helheld in his hand was written by one of thrall' persons who were
as anxious to prevent the measure as arty persons could possibly be.
—The lion. Slember here read from the letter. which stated that
the anticipation of mieconeuct on the part of the slaves when the
new restore ;should come into operation, had been negatived by
the event, as the plan had been carried into effect without difficulty.
By that communication he was informed that so far from having
forfeited their word as to what they had proposed to do towards the
,ci
id ill
amelioration of the condition of tire elavee, they had actually' re-
ceived with coWiality the eecommendetion of tire Government at
home,
i end
Council etienr
Paer h'iern set
t oupot:t,rit. At Trinidad, since the
Order
a st item oh' task work, had
been carried into operation. The average of each man's labour wan
tertertained, and a task giv,n to hint in Been:dance with that eve.
rage ; and if before the close of the dny the negro had aecomplisited
his task, he was ailoavl the remainder of the evening for recrea-
tion, or foe any other employment which be might with to resort to.
This measurehad succeeded to the satisfaction of all parties.' for the
masters were necessarily benefited by the quickness with which

work was despatched tinder such a stimulus. In proportion as eon.
'Whin teak place in the minds of the slave owners that their pro-
perty would not be injured by the emancipation of their slaves, in
such proportion compliance might be expected upon their part
with the Order in Council, notwithstanding the opposition
which had been displayed towards its operation in some of the
Colonies. In Jamaica. where the opposition to that order had been
carried on in the most formal manner, the slave owners h of vett',
that if once satisfied that their property would not be affected by
the measure, they would willingly concur with Government, and
endeavour to facilitete the execution of that order. Upon those
grounds he thought that resorting to compulsive measures would
not be eventually found necessary in order to effect the wished-for
change. Much had been done, and he was willing to admit that
much remained to do, but he thought the most prudent line of
acting would he to await the result of the course which his Right
!Inn. Friend ( Mr. Canning) was about to pursue, because by an
doing they would hive before them in an authentic shape the degree
of assent or dissent from the measures pointed out by the orders in
council which existed in thw assembly of Jamaica. The lion.
Gentleman then said that in several of the colonies much had been
done towards alleviating the hardships of slavery. and called the
attention of the House to what had taken place at St. Vincent's',
the minutes of the transactions of which had recently reached this
country. In that island they had passed a Bill by which negro
marriages were legalized. Negro evidence, by the same measure,
was rendered admissible in Courts of •Justice. The markets, on
Sunday mornings. were limited to an early hour; anti corporal pit.
nishments were only to be permitted by the authority of a Justice,
and were limited in extent. At Dominic' a Bill had passed the
Council ; it had not passed the Assembly, hut lie entertained hopes
of its meeting with but little opposition there, which, though not
altogether eatisfactory.wae yet a considerable step towards improve-
ment. He thought the better course would be for Government' to
watch over the progress of that improvement, and to accelerate it as
much as possible without giving an opportunity for the excitement
of angry feelings, which must be the consequence unless this
country refrained From authoritative interference.
Mr. K. DOUGLAS said that he felt anxious that the course
which his Right Hon. Frier.( (Mr. Canning) intended to adopt'
should go out to the colonies unalloyed by any thing calculated to
cause irritation, which a debate in that House might give rise tn.
He was sure that Government would be enabled to accomplish the
proposed object without at all endangering the security of ill claim.,
of society in the colonies.
Mr. SYK ES expressed a hope that his Honourable anti beweelpl
Friend (Mr. Brougham) would postpone the question of which Jut
had given notice, for another year, provided his Majesty's Ministers
would give an absolute pledge, that if the Colonial lAgielarstres
should reject the measure recommended to them, they would foregb
all opposition to his motion in the next Session of Pediment.
The Right Hon. Gentlemen had given no such pledge, but he
hoped he would have no objection to do so. The Honourable Gene
tleman then alluded, in severe terms. to some of the laws which had
been passed for the purpose of ameliorating the rendition of the
slaves, but which, in themselves, were most dreadfully severe. By
one of those laws 3 trifling misdemeanor was punishable by flogging
to the extent of thirty-nine lashes, and rebellious language was
made punishable by death, without benefit of clergy.
Mr. W. HORTON explained. The law which the Honourable
Member had quoted was passed in 1320, to amend a law still more
barbarous, Which had been passed in the year 176.5, and unless die
.::,'rown bad sanctioned the untended law, the former must still have
coetinued in full operation.
Sir F. BLAKE advocated the measures proposed by the Right
Hon. Gentleman the Secretary for Foreign Affairs.
Mr. T. WILSON said that he should sot object to the libern-
don of the slaves, provided it could be effected without any disati-
' vantage to their owners; otherwise he should object, particularly if
compulsory measures were to be resorted to, for the result of such
proceedings must inevitably prove injurious to the slave proprietors.
In support of this position the Honourable Member quoted the
case of the island of St. Domingo, from whence large quantities of
sugar were exported prior to the time of the liberation of the
negroes, but since that period it almost entirely ceased to export that
article. Ile thought the interference of the Legislature should be
tenderly applied, and with the acquiescence of the parties inte-
rested ; or, if compulsion were resorted to, the House should
pledge itself to aflerd compensation to those who might thereby be
injured.
Mr. GROSSET called the attention of the House to the state
of slaves in the East Indies. which seemed to excite nn attention,
while those in the West Indies constantly engrossed the attention
of the Howie.
Mr. HUM E said that he had not intended to take any part in the
debate of that evening, but he felt called upon to reply to the ob-
servatiohn of the lion. limber who had just sat down. Those
persons whom he celled slaves were in fact dancers, who were re-
tained for the amusement of their masters ; but there was an es-
sential difference between their condition and that of the slaves of
the West Indies. If they chose to leave the company they be-
longed to, or the master or the province, there was no power in the
.East Indies which could compel their return. (Hear. hear.) No
man was more anxious than he was to see the utter abolition of
slavery; but he was equally anxious that It should not be effected
in a hasty manner, fur he felt certain that precipitate measures
would be more likely to injure than to promote the happiness of the
slaves. Ile thought the Right lion. Gentleman (Mr. Canning)
was right not to pledge himself in the manner proposed by his
Hon. Friend the Member for Kingston-upon-Hull (Mr. Sykes).
The reason which actuated the Colonial Assembly of Jamaica in re-
jecting the recommendation of the Order in Council, was a suppo-
sition that its effect would be to destroy their property. If that pre.
judice could be removed, this country would carry with it the good
feelings of the slave proprietors in ameliorating their condition ;1
while, on the contrary, compulsory measures would inevitably are
ray the greatest obstacles to the completion of negro emancipation.
lie was sure that his Majesty's Ministers would not be acting with
their usual prudence if they were to pledge themselves to any par-
ticular line of conduct until they lied tried the effect of milder mea-
sures. The Hon. Metnher for Wootton Bassett (Mr. Horace Twiss)
had asserted that free lahnur was more productive than slave labour.
In order to set the House right upon that subject, he thought the
Right Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Canning) ought to furnish to the
House the result of the trials which had been made upon that sub-
ject during the last twenty years. He thought that such documents
would clearly prove that suddenly to emancipate the slave, would
be to endanger their comforts rather than to confer upon them any
benefit. One experiment had been made at Sierra Leone, where
thirty-nine thousand ncgroes had been betted at a very great expense;
and what hail been the result p—no less than twenty-seven thou-
sand pounds had been expended in the erection of one barrack ;
free negroes were employed to build it, but they were obliged to
be discontinued because they would not work. He thought this in-
formation ought to be laid before the House, in order to moderate
the too excessive zeal which pervaded the country upon die subject
of negro slavery. In order to create a feeling in favour of the ne-
groes, engravings were sent about representing the flogging of fe-
males and tortures which had been practised, and which disgraced
the year 1782, but which had long since been put a stop to by the
interference of Government. It was impossible that persons could
come calmly to the consideration of the subject, if their passions
were to be in the first instance inflamed by accounts of atrocities,
many of which were far from being well authenticated. With re.
gard to what had been said by the lion. Member for the City of
London (Mr. T. Wilson) as to compensation, it would be recol-
lected that he lied himself, in the course of the last session of Par-
liament, declared his opinion that in case of loss to any party, com-
pensation would not be withheld by that House • but he felt quite
assured that no necessity for compensation could arise from mea-
sures calculated to promote the comforts and happiness attic negro.
(Hear, hear.)
Mr. GROSSET explained.
Sir E. If. EAST then addressed the House at some length, but
was inaudible in the gallery.
Mr. BROUGHAM said that he should trouble the Home
very shortly, but in the first pl.tce he must advert to what
had fallen from his lion. and Learned Friend who heel spoken
last, because those who complained of insinuations and charges
should be very cautious how they. indulged in them themselves.
lie had charged the petitioners with having expressed themselves
rashly ; now he (Mr. Brougham) could not consider that they had
dour so. It wax natural that a warmth of feeling should, its
Shown ; stud indeed the discussion of the question impressed that
warmth which emanated from a knowledge of the horrible abuses
which existed in she slave trade. When those abuses were men-
tioned in travels, voyages, and other works of that description,
some of his Hon. Friends coneiderel that it was giving too high a
colouring to the subject; but it was not his intention to refer to
any such. If he were to single out the strongest cases, he shruld
not resort to evidence of that nature from one party or the other,
but he Should have recourse to the speeches of the Colonial
Assembly themselves. It was upon that unexceptionable evi.
dense that he should appeal to the House for its interference
ngainst that most internal system of slavery which existed. But
it was not because he gave it that strong name that his endea-
vour, should he described as feeble, or rash, or thoughtless innovae
Li 011.• The Honourable and Learned Gentleman said he was not
in favour of immediate emancipation to the slave. nor did the
petitioners express such to be their wish. With respect to cone.
pulsory mantintit.sion, as it was called, it was not intended that
the slave should demand his freedom ; hut that when he hail ac-
quired property to enable him to purchase his freedom, that
then two appraisers should he called in, one on the part of the
master, the other on the part of the slave, in order to fix the price
at which it should take place; but if they could not agree, then
third to be nominated, to decide between them. On the subject
of immediate emancipation, he must repeat hie opinion that it
would not be fur the benefit of the slaves themselves that such
should be the case. Ile would now refer to the charge which had
been made as to the change which had taken place in his
opinions; at the same time he must say that he had not wear
the work from which the extracts of these opinions had been taken;
hht he must say, had Pit Lit alteration taken place he would at
once openly and manfully have avowed it. If it was to be
charged as a change of opinion that he was then against inter-
fering with the local authorities, and that he now considered
it was time for die mother country to interfere when the Colonies
would not too their duty—if that was a clitinge of opinion, he
must repeat that it would have been better to have beet' done
by the local authorities under the satioinixtration of their own
laws, hut when it was seen that they would not do their ditty, it
was necessary to interfere, for the time was come, or about to collie.,
when it wooli! be difficult, with the knowledge that existed, for
continuance of such proceedings to be permitted. Ile went& not
excite Irritation on the subject ; it was highly improper to do NO any
where, but more particularly in Parliament, because Parliament
was powerful tine they were not ; but the fee was, that after all
the proceedings on the subject, and after all that had he n pro-
mised in consequence of those proceeclinge, nothing had been done.
It apneered from the statement of the Right Hon. Gentleman
(Mr. Canning) that certain measures had been proposed fur adoption
