Row hum the other in—"fo+_rutdu•io+

• Major Hower " r.ar;rstu!stes" Lord Fitzoilham on t\e
falsehood of the I:rjor's charge gut Isis Lordship —Sca
Apalup

The Glasgow Theatre opened, on Fridley last,
with Mrs.Cowtce's elegant comedy of The Belle's
Stratagem, and 'l3, bred to l'ay.
Mr. 11c osN's benefit, which was to huge tuken
place ou Thursday nest, is obliged to be ',est-
poned, in consequence of his being seized with a
very sudden *nd iolent tit of the gout.
Mr. Batman had 1111 overflouing house, last
night, at his benefit—s proof of his popularity, and
the good taste of the public.
Mr. kzalILE played his favourite part of Haslet
last night, in his very finest at) le, sad received the
most unbounded applause. Mr. Linos played
the part of Poionias, in the absence of Mr. Mc tca
DEN§ who is goutined by the gout.
Viscount blEtv ILLa, the Right Hon. Lord and
Lady Htsca,s, and Sir Jobs Clarastii., Bart.
hare arrived ut Edinburgh.
()u Sunday ;nothing an excellent charity sermon
was preached in.Q*l4lscc,cliapel, iu Quetec-street.
near Portinan-squarz, by the 'ilia Rev. the Lord
Bishop of SALISSUST, for the Silsool of ti..:
gent in St. George's-fields. Surrey, from the
nth chapter of St. Luke, 21st verse. The collector%
was we understand liberal.
Banbury Theatre was opened, on Tuealay last,
by Mr. Minns, and had a vary full attendance of
obility and 'Gentry.
The Harmonic Society at Bath, with their usual

gallantry and liberality, proi,ote giving s grated
fete Chiunpetre, oo the 19th umlaut, to the 'Jodie,
of Bath. at Sidney Gardens. near that city.
The Theatre at Wishech closed last tußhf. and
Mr. ROBERTSON'S tOmpaoy proceed to Hatiting
dun and Peterborough, N 1 here they are to be joined
he Master BETTE.

Brighton Races, acconling to the promise giwaa
last year by the Steward of the Coarse, will this year
take place on or before the Lith of July.
Lady Hexer PETTT will lie presented, on her
Marriage. to Her 3,11141101TY,A t the drawing-rooin,
on Thursday.
A female child was left, on Saturday, in a basket
at the door of the Marquis of Bt.caiNGIIAW, Palls
Mall. Tlo•tc, was u late iii the louktt a.idressed
to the Marchiouess. The child via, wry properly
sent to the workhouse. .

Mr. Serjesot BAYLIS'. vesterday took Lis seat as
$ Justice of the Court et king's Bench.
On Thursday the Gentlemen of the Hampshire
Hunt Club held their anniversary on Sohernia
Down; there was much sport, and the fineness of
the day. together with the beautiful sismery of the
country, attracted a numerous and respectable com-
pany. A cup given Iry Mr. Po Laic. value fifty
guineas, was won by Mr. At roisaaci's bay UAW' ;
cup of the mine rains, Oven by the Officers of the
Portadown, or South East Hints Yeomanry Ca-
valry, (run for by the Corps) •was.won by Mr.
STEWAIIIT's brown snare Ccrtager: and the Mem-
bers' Subscription Cup, of the like value, was won
by Mr. Mt xcuts.'s brown horse. A subscription
has commenced to purchase two .;01. plates fur fae
nest year. •
On Wednesday last, a numerous aiscinblage of
the Freemen of Oxford met in the Towu-Hall,
to celebrate the annivelsary of Mr. Lovausat's
election to l'arliament. The dinner was served un
at two o'clock, and consisted of an as, dressed
in different forms, and plum-puddings. one of
which weighed upwards of is butidr sl weight.
Many loyal and constitutional toa-ts Were dru.ik,
and several excellent .ors occasionally satroiluctd.
The cowpony, winch voosisted of wore thaw
•00 persons. departed at a late Lour in the evening.
highl) gratified with the harmony isod conviviality
of the day.
At a Court of Common Council, held at Gail:-
hall, :iesterrla , the Committee of C.tv Lands deli-
vered a Retort for impriii Sinititiekl Market,
which was agreed to, and the Committee arm, em-
powered to prosecute the same in Parliament.
The Lusa \ls rot laid blare the Court a Bill
pzurling in Parliament for vstablohing a ',Dial •
Militia, and the Committee for Colter's! Putimies
were empowered to patch the progress ist the Mae.

LAW IN TELLIC ENCE.

MIT OF KINc'S BENCH, Wi=mums, AlllllsL 9.

Is Pius. briar. L'ord ELLEsio..
a •atin.
DEANCIr.
WATER.; C. I'HAILKINGTON.

Mr. 6.tll;;;stsited the case. Ile observed,
that the Plaintiff was a tisbinesuger, owl tile De-
feudaut a mini of considerable fortune, who had
wade some noise iu the fashionable world; the
debt was contracted Ly the Platutill s senate; the
Detendaat with fish, to the iinouut of 171. tor
which be gave him his bill of exchange. and the
action was upon the hill of exchange. H would
Qv: the hood-writing of the Defendaut, laud
would be no questiou for the Jury to decide.
He then proceeded to call the Witness.
Mr. Chaptuaii proved the hand-writing of the
Defeuilaut ; he WWI present at the drawing of the
bill, and understood it was given on account of
fish .old by the Plaiutilf to the Delindant.
*Ms. Gasitow closed his case.
Mr. Penick., for tin. Defeudant, said, his Learned
Friend had misrepirseuted the Defendant; he was
not a MINI of fortune. About a year hack he had
married, aud eery improperly attempted to live in
a *tile of life he was hot equal to ; and if Plaiutiff
was foolish euough to give bits his fish, he must
by the cossequenec ; fue the Defendant was,
at the Luse of siguiug the bill, and it uow, au in-
tout, not having attained the see of tweuty-one
years. lie reprobated the colidlietaad the defence
of the Defeadfuit ; but however Sofa:lieu. it was, or
diatres.iu on the Plaiutiff, yet,. by law, the defence
wan* good o,se ; however unplvasaut it to ban.
it was hie duty to oo;:y his instructions. lie thin
c dint
Mrs. Mary Terry, who deposed she was the De-
fendant's mother, aad that he was horn on the:loth
of July, 17i-7.
Oh her cross-examination by Mt. Cititttow, she
said the Defendant had been married by license
hat November was a twelvemonth. ibe was at
the wedisi..a. • lest del not ge to the Natiog.,te's
offio.• for the license, nor d.d she kuow by ve!.at
means he oistalued the license. The certificate na
the Dvfeadaatis christening and birth were pro-
(laced. which corroborated the testimony of Mrs.
Terry; however, it a pptured by the certificate.
lust the father and mother bore different mimes at
the uaue of the birds of the Defesulant.
Mr. GAILitOW contended, that as the Defendant
had been inanied upwsrds of a year license,
he must have brhught foraard tandecce to the
Surro..vite. that he Isid attaiiied the tee of 21 years,
and sou have soon' himself, that he had come to
the age. before lie could have obtained
the marriage lice •e; lid illo Iwo her ua;eht have been
mistaken,: for although it would Le supposed that
a mothe r could not c 4..i1y forget the birth of a
Child, there was not any one thins; that a female
lost the reco:lect ion of so s wm. Ceder those cir-
cumstances, he hailed rise Jhry would give a ser-
diet for the Plaintiff.
Lord ELLE Slitißethill Will or opinion that the
infancy was couyietel:. made oat ; and even if the
Defeisdant had taken as. improper oath before the
Surrogate, it would have nothing to do in the pre-
sent case ; but there were carts where the Court of
Cbeneery appointed guardians. wise might vouch
for a tumor, without his taking any oath, and
there was no proof that this was not the case. lie
therefore ordered a sloe-suit,
wtstrc e. STITENS.

This was an aetinu for ;esasMuit and false im-
w t. It appeared that seine altercation
d takes place between the Plaintiff and the De-
fendant, at the Ceutern Public-house, Kensing-
ton, on which the Defendant called a serjeant and
a file of soldiers, and gave the Plaintiff into their
charge ; they detained him two hours in the guard-
house. Tile damages were laid at 1001.-I"be
Jury gave a verdict for the Plaintiff, 101. damages.

A very numerous meeting of the Gentlemen of
hugtesest was bed at Llangefui, Ant/Irma, on
Tuesday, A celebrate the restoration to health
of their thach-esteemed and respected Lord Lieu-
tenant, the Emil of I. X SRI DOS.
M.'. GA I% ht ~whose unfortunate situation made
so strong an impression some time singe upon the
pablie mind, died yesterday. evening in Nevrgate.
—We understand, that repeated applications to
permit Mr. Ovaries the advantage of a few I ours
free air went peremptorily refused, although bail
to Ain- amount was uttered, for the security sod
return of his person, by ratiseus of the first re-
spectairili:v.—lDeldia Ersitinst Post. May 3.)
I:ise n2ri battalion of the 7otb, or Maida regi-
ment of High:anders, commanded by Lieutenant-
Colonel DAVID STOAT. who have been stationed
at the barracks at Canterbury, ever IMIWC their
a-, lest from the Mediterranean, commenced their
march on Tuesday for ('hiehester.
Tar *limitation of the sad Regiment of Farste
now lying at lllctelsiugtost. are wider orders fist
Portstnontlt. to erulxtrk bur Ireland, sad arc (SIP
puled to march early in the present week.
On Wednesday. the 4th of May, the British
and foreign Bible So:iety liehl their Fruirtli•
Annual Meeting, at the New London Tavern.
C:heapaitie. A very {testifying Report of proceed-
ings, both at home and abroad, was read by Lord
TZIONMOUTU, the President.frorn the Chair. This
AS !Mt:cm-deli by several itatlediog extract* of-cor-
respondence from different parts of the world, re-
lative to the Scriptures. The President was sup-
ported by the Archbishop of Casitet. the Bishops
of DLRUAN. and SALISISCRT. Messrs. WiLatla-
;Peace. 11411INGT:N, 6:e. all of ohom (the Atch-
bishop excepted; took an active part in the bmine.s
of the day. The meeting was numerous beyond
all former example, and s degree of harmony md
mutual satisfaction prevailed, from which, under the
Divine blessing, the happiest consequences to the
cause of Clinstsanity may be vontidemly predicted.
The Society's Report, with interesting extracts of
correspondence, Est of subscribers, state of the
fund, &c. will shortly be published, and rr. ty he
had of Mr. L. B. iset.ee, at the Society's Dtpn
aitory. No. 169. Float-street. Subscriptions are
received be Waite Tuoarcrox. Esq. Treasurer.
No. 1, Bi;rtitiaohiew-laire; and by Mr. THOMAS
SMITE. Collector and Accomptant, Ni. I. Little
meortielas, 1.0,1•10:1, where do/untrue of Foreign
manias of tiretizriistittes are requested to be sent,

CIRCTIT CURT, GL.ISCOTF..

An Adilresa delivered by the Lard Ju.tice Clerk,
at the coachisiou of the eireatt at Glasgow, on
Friday t.e.tinight

"*GINTLEVIIUN SHRUM%

" From the silence whirls prewails after the Proclamation
now made, 1 conclude, that uo perms has any complaint to
mike mrainst ; this, inched, is immure than I expected
from the character of yours... Ores, and of your principals.
Thui ceremony of ending up the Shasills ut the couchasiou of
each Justice Eyre, sod in ileiug epeu proclamation fur any
premoi to come forward oho thinks hr bus been iujureil by
them iu the encrime et thi ir office, is of considerable anti-
quity in-our law, and wr...s originally of meat utility. At
the time is hen We ceremony oat et.Jwued, almost ail our
Sh. labium% were hereditary in the Mullins of great and
powerful Barone, it ISO ttlstelt Were the rivals of the King him.
and from whom, therefore, if they were guilty of op.
presstuo, the people attl4ert to fie;rjuriathetant were little
likely to obtain redress. It was, therefore, wisely provided
by our ancestors, that, at the conclusion of each, Justice
Eyre, hefore disraissiug the Jury, the Sheriffs aboulel be
üblkwett to slava op and answer to soy complaint made
against them before the Grand Joaticiar, invested with the
+hole 3lrtjcity inf the 1 ate, and anneal with the poser of
she II lank area, of the tharrott. •
"Thank God, we Lee its tawee when the etri,rinal came
which led to this ceremony uo longer exists. 'the hake of
Sheriff is now entrusted to professional Geutleme ti, qualified,
by their en,umerion to ailounostir jostler unit ; and
without p.iwer, Wid without temptation, to leati.-a.e.s the
laws; and, hes:ries, (ruin their kulaitiouts, there ilea :t
reYa-
iar appea: to the Supreme Cum tc of Se.nion ant: Justinian..
", But, ale hosn:11 the original rrasou for thin ceresuosy bus
ceased, l ant tar font thiakiug that it has became uscleas.
On the contrary, I hope and trust that it newer will be
abolished. 11 Lee I sit brie, it shell acres, be tootled, It's 4
ill must feel line apt the best uf us to . 7.) In come iutoxicated
smith rover, si.al, therefor..., Its nre.al it most be, from tinte
to time, tor.wutd Naenhxites tkalt they are resputtsit4e for
their conduct. Leta' if I thouiht thus ceremony tuie.h. now
be safely .F.ocuotinited os to you, I wurki sigh, it to be pre-
served for my out: sake—der 1 cannot thus remind you et
year duty and of your responsitility, )ttlieut, at' lin' Itatike
time, Woof remained of issy. oat. ; mid I sets Out rails esouals
to think, that such responsibility as ken necessary for tor than
fur you. Pei haps the the Wrier and tic grealer
wig.., it is the more mond that ficquent pinuteuit.es
sbueld error of traiiiidiug Magistrates the direr power is
torte:red ou them tar the Lewitt of othe ru, and shot, w the
tam :se in. it, they are arrountabk to there superiors.
GretLestre &maws, AID I'ol4 TIIY LORD
PlellesT 511.1 Gltati.LXLlti 0/ TUC SIAUJAVIAGY
Title CITY,

" Rene, eoueleiling, allow me to soya few words applica-
ble to the state of the criminal Intonues is this place, mad to
the sittietims of one comer) in gi meal.
• Adhoegb, from do lot of criminals to be tried at this
E. re, else business had at brit rather a formidable septet,
sin happy.that it has einitul wilts so hall trouble to us ail,
esparually to the Gestltmes of the Jury; hat, even is the
worst Tit W i,f it, 1 mast, iu justice say, that the uumbor Ai(
grim:rah its tested) fur trial was consparstivel)
relfereuee to the inusitme mipulatiouid this district vs the
siantey. But if trfertnei ;it wade to the hat of er.suisals
in other countries, ecru in cue sister kirerloisi of Eir.zland,
we shall lett juin cemst to be psvoil and thaalful that our tut
has Lees raid In a laud, whmie inhabitants arise iiitstisgu.slasti
fur the virtiions suoptiesti: of their 11241111t111.
" .4 few days before I lift hose. there was trausesitted to
me. off.tially,by the gceretury of butt a Fisted list of all
at the eatuituouts and pri.lsecetiries Inc criminal oteoces is
Lugland and %kaki, fur the three last years; sad, horrilde
tell, the kilt number of commitrueuts in any of these teals
was consideiably shore bole tliowiod, and about three
thousand tier hundred were artibill; brought to trial. It is
set stated in the durumt art, abi thee Los don and Wei:tabs.
stir are included is that awake ; if they are not
then the I:stub.' is about bftecu huridreo more.

This is I. fart, Gelatinises obi& I porecire fills on
with astunislialeut. aril 1 muftis that I cold out have !w-
-hiled it osy.Telf, if 1 Ladout read it in a ottivial ducuint:.t.
" I bad nut Low, and indeed it would bays ben a wort: o f
gnat labour to make kr. orentote inquiry and costipa,,so:, ;
bat, to hazard a gum, 1 should lit:disposed to say, thlt, sit-
tiny aside our teoradhLus. the shore uninbia
tr.als in England, in cut- year, is nearly equal to the whisk
senewr which basoeenrrad in Scutlaad since the USIVJG.

" Supposing ibis r.ilms'stiou to be accurate, or in any re.
mete degree aceprate, it coals up,ei as for very serious reflec-
t my, sad so concide., if we eau discueer die causes of this
pros.. 'Lehn orite.—ed:ounsicelisst, no oovM, be made fur a
eldiercues which hae always ex seal in the population of the
two couLtriec.--;or it would he anreasoual,le ta •aprise that
the number est-crimes must not, m a great degree, be is pro-
portion to the sundae of people in any tocromantrir-s.
" It may be said also, that CUUIU3PIrte and mauutietures
butrdlyeaisted is this country duriag the earlier period of the
tom mitooey—..crese, but Dow at least to them respects, we
me treading fast ou at. beds of Etic:land, and yet, Mask
God, the same cons .quencrs clo not follow. In data very
elty mad disarm shoe I sow rit.cor,imeroe sad maisufacturcs
of all kind. I..s•c been long lutrot:uce.: to go extent, esisol ta
may place a? district of the It iagdurn, the capital alme carrot-
yet it was st.st..l by a politica atter, bet a few yea s
ago, that oar Quartew dessions at Massrbester sends wore
crimiaals to trumpet tat kali than all Scotlairel to a year.
o We coot., then:toe, look to other causes for the Kiwi
order mad inorhts of oar people, and I think se has. not
flee to kink. In my ophrior., that name is to he fomait chi. fly
is our institutions hoc .be education of youth mid for the
notostenanee of religiim.
" The Institutsou of Parochial Schools, is the mangier
mot to tide 'alert in winch they arc eata!d.shed is Scutlau.l,
is, I believe. peculate' t.. ourselses and it is as cotitutipsi,
to which, lorscme sample se it. satire, Anil iinobtructie 1U
146 operatics', I um persurakal we are c mirth to a,:eraba the
r, zolarity tit conduct Ly w loch we are dhaiitestistwo—the
child at tb. meanest pcatast, of the low Pt ii,v..tossic is that
erstiatry, mac and tot of them •ig, I receive a virtuous eds.
mums from their earliest south At oar Parochial delloula,
they are sot catty early in fated ;a the prioriplei of net holy
wigglers, and is the lonia, sl dortnnesof osemaftty,but most of
Them reesive datea cut degrees of educatios is usher amperes,

. .
which qualify them to tam their bread is life ie Wativllll
ways, sad which, indepesideut ereu at religiose iostrueti..,
h calamine the owls ustanuling., neressarulv raise• a man i•
Iliis own cottetitien. and io.t. Dien above (be bees soda:et',
crimes, to which the temptations mid hardships of hit suieht
otherwise CM111.14. him.
" But this i nut ail, at childrea of our poor so sooner
lease de Parochial Submit, Mar their iuiprevenseat and
confirmatios in eteiy shinnies tad religions principle is
taken np by then:mimeo es, the parish. Tien to be sure,
•e enact boast of the i me supcinseits user PrepAand as in
the article of Parochial behinds, for Eiglasid has also the
same holly religion, sail a ut,iet leaned, piouis *1..1 re•pc. t-
able body of f lerry.--lint erre him, I ;hod:, we hair TVA-
roe to pride unreels,. in the compa, Min. f,,,ii kr:oi'. thLt I
sliould say, that our Clergy, in piety, in learnial, and is go-
areal respectellity: are superior to the Clergy ui Enttniud.
I pettier say so,.use di I think so—wbat thin, at least, I may
say, that is retry quality •hteh can adorn the entractes...l' a
f:ergyMAlS and qualify hies to he useful to his Burk, the
Clog: of Scotts/A surer leire lorile surpassed by any order
of Prueeh.rul inure the wuntsthegan.
" But v. here I think our superiority ,nor Englsaul in thin
respect ounskta, is thus—that balding our form of ('hutch
famernioeuit—our ruo.le of woiship—the sespectabildy of
oar Clergy is be respectively equal, we have the alvant.ia•
in this, tact every Clergy toss lore must, h the most indie-
petisable provisions of the law, reside withiu his us • parish,
and doetbary,e the datic• of his sawed function is person.
This must nircessarily create it parental afiectiou ni a .11inis-
ter towards his Bock. a reimetcul a:tachment in the people
towards the'r Alluibter, isharb, is tin' iisture of things, na-
me exist. where non.resideure to any euosiuteralule deems is
indulged to the principal NT inist. r, stud ',tore fivoirent re-
moras happen among the Ct1,41(1, and, of roots, hat a
precarious COCUirtiatt can sala:st lettuces, ilium sad their
temple. Stever's two wrier* of Clergy, thus difierestly
conalitotect, however era, is 'Aker respects. it is not dint.
cult to ire wierk.uf their laissurs are most L'...ily tu he suc-
cessful.. ... .• '
lle " Lit us,.tientleinco, lie tharkfal for the blesstap
- • .

we enjoy. While we venerate the "emeriti Conatitutist et
Eagland, by unr union with which our liberties hare been
secured on a sorer basis thaw by the old Constitution of sca-
laud, let us nut undervalue our own local laws :ind testae-
bleb essential advantages ace given to na, an/
which we ought not Eashiy to endanger by attempting violent
innovations, the Pull bearing Of ',huh it is intpdmible to
foresee.

" Let us feel oar way in oar improvements, and be quite
certain that we have Lot, by u.-ie improvement, edlaiterred
the atliautages sic already have, bjure ue grasp more.
" Above all, Gentlemen, let it be our hest resolution to
defend our Coustitution as it stailde, and to take care, at
least, that it shall earl be endangered by external aggrasiou.
".toil here, Gentlemen, I as proud to think that I via
utteriag these seatinients to men a hose feelings are congenial
anti my owu—tbat I sin addressing the Maxi/4;lles and
people of a city, who have set au example of gt tinier patriot.
um whirh can neat"' be forgotten, while the independence
of Britain is presumed. Let us acesr bear agate of tl.e
selfish spirit of trade. Let us erre; again be told, that
merebauts luck only to their immediate intercia. You wt re
the nest to prove, that, applied to this empire, those con-
tracted matins are as false an they are illiberal and rude.-
1 au wart the first to prove that commerce, fostered by liber-
ty, iuspires the parrot priociphs of patriotism, and that the
,meschunts of Britain are indeed the lossunrable ui the
earth. The first to feel, us belug the most exposed to all the
difficultio of the present moment, you were the first to de-
clare your dcternsimition never to compromise the interests
and indepesuience of your country. Laying aside all privets
ditlercuce erf opieion—eisiug above the miserable bielteriags
of party—putting to shame the turbulent virulence of cots-
tetaing fi.ctions, yon were the tint to rase the voice of a
ithited people, expressing to your Kiug your unalterable re-
solatiou to sutler oil privations, to undergo all hardships, to
hrai e all dangers, in defence of hi Crows, and of the hide-
peuslence of your country.
" It is uot to be d.sguiosd, that our yea y existence as a Na-
tion is at stake. Our cliquy bus sworn ti accomplish the
ruin of Great Ertl ain. it ia the object neatest to his heart,
and, !wady for us, he has wanted art sad temper to disguise
it. The question of peace .e war, is not, as he epee pre-
tened, a qwestiou with see party se Ibis country. it is net,
hdt he fa.-ions sue party as the country, which, I mu coo-
;hien; they liquid scuru. It is not, that he hate. another,
...h.. it I e.n sure they despise. No: It is Great Britain
which he hates. Nut SY much that lie envies oar prosperi-
ty, that be is afraid of our poree-i-iit is our Ceustitutios
slomds—it is our liberty which he hates—and no
uolder—tor Le kite, that the &Maly of this people is a
bail' satire on his urn tiabjeets far submitting to his usurp-
ation—he feels white the British Coestitutiou caisto„
it mit fir ever remind his rieliSeets of the liberty at which
• they wire aspired, but which they lost in the pursuit of vain
• unattaihable perfection, rill thty now kid themselves the
▪ sit t lon-burn usurper-i-oacrifited to promote his per-
ousel munition--consoliug themselves by external military
nrnouu, but saareidably groaning under the horrors of a
dea,c4ians, tau .lases 'Surat than that iron shit* limy antra-
aimed la (Stale.
.‘ Korb has teen the end of Reform and Revolatise in
riaoce. Let it be a salutary asthma to us. Whether there
are any among ea, who still think, with all the arrugatice of
philosophic presumption, that it is possible to make great
isnprdrseecnu on piar Censetteticia, l know uot ; but let this
lot our .tallOPlr Tleatorkether oar Genstitutioa be perfect
ia theory c. nut, practically it confers oa us a degree of
• and happiness beynad abet soy other 'imbue has eii-
juyeil sitter the world Wain ; and I think it steadies to be
well considered, whether haulm nature, uniass regeuerated,
he capable of enjoying mole.
" Let as, thee, sit liaantain use Constitutimans it stands,
satiztied with the liberty we beer, wed &cane& Great the
example of France, that an att. apt at perfect freedom may
land as in the extreme of slavery and deliasesnent. Above
all, let us useintani our Cancitshou from foreign iavasion.—
Lf bahjevtiuu to ethnics toe be, and it is, the neat drinsdful
calamity such can Wale people, even when its own tio-
venlwcutiabad, thiuk *hat would be the misery at cunqccat
to us; language never uttortil—iniagination never con-
cakeed--hannunty mire r educed the horror. %bib a+ sit us,
rf subdeed by the arms of f ranee. To he utterly extirpated
would be mercy, compered with the oa.rages we must
out Let that the munition of as all lie I.xed it, yours,
to bring this contest to a happy teresiustiou, or perish in the
attempt. Hardships and privations a s way expert ; hot
%Aids ee rampart. them with those we shah maid, sten we
consoler teems as the price, and the cheap prre, of liberty
ouch as “ILIFIS file ourselves amid oar child...a, I trust th..t we
shall be.4o than with chearfidness, and receive our reward is
the gratitude of posterity. A Whim is the nulihbi of cm aunt
baugs ; sod this cultist, if we coattails tree to ourselves,
a al make es the ooblest of Britain."

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

PORTSWOUTE, MAY 8.

Arrived the Malabar, with a fleet au terconvoy
frail the Cape of (loot! Hope, which place they
left on the loth of February. Among them are
the !Atm, log trunvportq, tl2. the Britannia, Rubin-
bon; Tee, Cmy Moearcl, Hunter; and the
UAW,' tte:1111.4,11. Tls:! Malabar has also brought
in with her a I'o,lu...ties • min-tient bri4, limn the
re,t Indies fur Listem, which Jae 00... Rica at St.
HeleEe. 1 DEAL, MIT V.

Sail d ei:4 moruint, His 'Majesty'', *hip* 7ri•
w,,jh, tliiaGrat7r, Eciar, and Tigrr, to the
\ onboard ; :den the Star.‘‘ ilkiusoo, tor. the youth
Seas : Creighton. for Jawaira-; and the
Loudon packvt, Cornetry, for Mahn.—NVital s.

TORSAT. KAY 7.

Arrived the lite:orrite cutter, with tlivatch ea,
from oti Übhaut, mud agaiu fur the &nue

A paper has heel' presented to the Howe of
Coinino:,. minting t,. alterations in the pr.seut
establishment of the Cleiks and other l'eTt..llll be-
I niitii; to the rate of Ills ,MaaLstv's Privy
Co.in•-il. It recites a Itepresentatiou to ills MA-
JI:sTY, from the Lords of the Privy Council,
prOposiir4. certain alterations iu the present
establishiiie:d of the Clerks, and others belong-
ing to the offn t of Ili, NIAJLSTV.ii Council;
and that the tees talen in the said office, according
to a tah:e annexed to the raid representation,
should be carried to a genel.ll fund, and applied to
the payment of certain nixed salaries to the Clerks
and others etuplo!eil in tile raid office. and in dis-
char4e of the contingent expenses of the MSc*, mud
llis 314.1i...erst's approval of the regulations recom-
mended iu the representation. The following is an
extract f.unt the list of salaries proposed to be al-
lowed in futme to the Clerks and others belonging
to the establislnneut of the Privy Council Office :

To the two Clerk. in Ordinary trite. may socretel
Sir Steptno Cuttren ‘rnhatri taiktote
the two ( leeks. upon the death ur restiation

of eitl4-r of tl;eat, and %Ain Alit also attend cite see-

♦ver °frit. Cuanattee fur Trade
Itith the ~rther adrlitbos of S4Ol. per tritium each,
atter they .h•1I thee u<ca in that sttuattuh fur the

_ -..--..-...
perfro4 d three veers, subject nevertheless to the eon-
- - -

adios Hut Ibt inaou'fit of ray place of profit oryto-

stun hAti tatt.kr the Cnote, by Citbte

&tor, Clerks in aritinar); s'sa n he considered ;i•

fax astuctlplace of pa uCt or pcL.iuu rLaL gu; as part

o(sach athhtrot of spivs.
To the First Under
Se. mat Du tiu) o 0
1 Lad Du 4..50
Tough Do 30..) n o
Fifth D 0... (To he auttuer.iad after) PH) 0 to
yeast terrice tor, tMi ,
I svi. and lavecan
salah" ( aert.ct to .2, a 100 0 V

THE 2t4REE.7I.T.

TORXEXCNAI•Git, MAY 10.

Tbla day's arrivals of BA' :tie .Alp#l). . arm, res.
sid!rable, and sake are etieeteac boar,l7 at a re.iionea
price of about and ZS, per gurier b *hoe es bide sane,
tion in Barley or Modt; White F.
bulb sorts are &rani. Oats are actin *very abort
which article is quoted at a further aikaaoe rf Sa. pat
tfaiu ter. fluor as bult

CURRLST PRICE Of GUMS.

Wheat ........4;a liaa

Tick Beur tilid) A. 62%. r 4

Fine ditto .. : 74s. ns.

Oats Si'.t.;..

thC 461. SIC
U;arley. 42S. 49..0d.

Pcitntoe

• • 4611.475.
• • CIS. a

Agalt
White Peas iSits. 1621.
Grey Pc= sin. sal
Itemn,;jitS) sets. 645. od

Rape Seed-- 3.51. 3bl.
Fine Fkeie live elf,.
Seconds

• PRICE 0
eaol.
Ent 41. iss. to 51.
14IStIC, 41. IM. to sl.
Femme., 41. 111. to sl. 14111.

v Hu.

reek ITS.
Kest, sl. w, is a. ti
Sussex, of. tbs. to it. FA
Farslmus,til. is, to tut.

PRICLA OF HAI AND
• Sr. AMU'S.
Hay, Si. IS.. to a ESC
Straw, SI. :A. 91 91. 1111

'RAW O bi'l RIMY

wutercol:.rp..
Hay 44. ICs in M. 1.-•
New. 04. tus. to ul
Clover, 61. G. to 71. ie.
Sbaw, , IL itaL qti ist

SM ITH ELD, ITAT 9
T. vial the offal, per situne of eth

Bell os. tid. to so. oil: • litatt. of Cattle tldodspe
Mutton
real Si. 641. to 7s. od. %beep art! lamb... natio
I.ami)
Po4l. So. od. to s.. 66 Fifa V•
SMITHFIELD AY MAIIIKE.T.

Hay sl. tsa 6d. to 71- os. Ad-
Straw ..... as. at. to aI. it a. od,
Clover Si. 16a. lid to 71..1w. od.
NEWGAIE AND LEADENHALL DARILETS,
BY Tuft CARCAtt.

Berl; so tut to aN. Veld. a OA. t• tot. 16d.
Motto*, ••. ed. to so. 44. Pork U. off. to oft. bd.
Lamb • se. col. to n. 44.

• COAL-MARKET, MAT 9.
Qbip• at Market. Sold. Price.
64 - Nescsath...... 7$ .... 40$. 6d. • its. id.
9..Sdaderiand...... 9 .... 4J•. 3d. a 4U. 6.1.

rincE ov sTOOLS YEITEILuAt.
3 per Cent. restuend
3 itcr Cent. Com.

I 4 .VT 0404 s.7t4it
S per Cast. Nary ... .491i,
Loeg Aseeitirs ...... is 11-lb
Imperial Auto:Sties
Joules Stock •
Ditto Bonds
Es lornorr &Ile
toelish Lottery TAM* .......... eut. 191.
Cu.sols fur
T. DISH, Stuck-broker,
a, Corolla', and.), Chirinz Ceoss.
