BARBADOES, AoarsT e 7. -
•

Letters front Porte Wee of the yth inst. ret.eived
.ati St. Tuoruss, sttife., that an insurrection had
taken. ~lace at A4nfitiilta, a town on the south
iit cult Island, where upwards °ISO" French-
men were int to death by the Soatiiarebt who haVe
-diter.nined to expel every foreigiten'except the •
•nMghsle, •froin the Island; MA Old their Goveri,-
ment should tie confided to a Junta, as in the mo-
ther country.
A free intercourse has already be it moiled by
the Islands of 'l'ortola, St. Thomas, anti SWIG.
Croix, with Porto then, where the most friendly
'reception is given to the Englisti ; and in testimony
of .the reciprocal good uoderstaiithic, Pow exii.litig
with that Irtand, Lfrigudier-tieneral ritaleourt has
iAstierl a Proclamation at Croix, ordering
iv of directing, in consequence of the renewal of
fri ••3.11y intercourse and mutual accommodation
•happ.ly established with the island of fortis Rico,
the ad ships and vessel,, hearing Ilia Catholic Ma-
jet, nag, shall hetet:tired into the parts and her-
nil...Santa Croix and its dependuncies, with
every possible attention awl respect, and that the
sidijects of Ills, Catholic Majesty he received its
friends; and ail Spaiiisii vessels, not having *time
than one deck, he allowed to import hanks, cattle,
timber, fruit, &c. into the saute."
• It is not at Porto Rico alone where this friendly
dispositio.. towards the English prevails, trot equal-
lv along the whole coat of South America, the
Spaniards have oiienetiUtt intercourse with us nod
veeived us as friends and utiles, At Its (hark it is
manifested hi a particular degree, anti the most
un..intinded confidence repo,,eil in our co-operation
and asaistairee. The sloop Laprehig, an 'English
privateer, lately. lima theme, arrived at Tortola.
stags that the British uod Spanish Rags were hoist-
rxl in union oa all the forts. opal that the Spaniards,
relying inure on the juslgosesit and information of
our &ricers Otos) ea their own, laid placed thent
un-
der the command of the Mmine ()Milos of Ilia
Majesty's ship Acosta, with when rested tie privi-
' of adwitting vessels auto the ports and bar-
boars along that coast.
Wit greatly lament to hear of the dreadful pion.
Wily which has raged amuses the Marine Gamboa
of Atarigalante, which, in less than tau mouths,
has beep reduced by death to snarly sae-third of
its wbotatitreugth. *num)/ the aefortunate suffer-
ers of that valuable Carps of our naval force. are
included eight or ten Geossa ef diffident ships that
hack beau attached t..• the G 111116014

ADIMEIRI TO THE SPANIARD, OP PORTO RICO.
' BY 75S bIIVIANOII, hew TiIePOMO MI llMena.
Spaniards!—Year loyalty and dilitlity towards
Min Catholic Kings of Spisiu, since the Aiisalllty•
has plueed this Island sueler their codnallutan alt
well 'mown, that any calm, Mains. or retickwaist— •
to mama that loyalty and fidelity which-lint hare
preserved steelsaistan;sed against the ittilsoarmlbstim
of the enemies of the Crowe of Spain (who were
wishing and still wish fur the peassamon if this via.
luableitlauclo,.. is .rtnnecessery ! New. same than
ear, you are called upon to redouble your efforts
to disappoint the views of the jut ntious Usurper of
your most precious rights...-Naipolson Benapeete
=ds to subdue you to his drapotisin ,to ties
the brloi4rl Sovereign whom you hare Do:
temnly sworn to defend and aeitisnaledge !—'and
would destroy your holy religion, mailer the pre..
truce of making the Spaniards happy ! and, timber
that disguise, to rtiluice 'them to the. most severe
and ignominious slavery ! I *lrritates* yen ,e-
-solved ! and hear you exclaiming, wtllpther tet us
die ! NVe wilt espend the last drop of`the abide
blood that circulates in our veins,,sersitierhati sob.
mit ourselves to the insiipportablc.gyike and
un-
heard-of tyranny at the French! !Ca: will we allow
their rcvolutiona.v awl tiebtnictive principles to
possess our iiiivils'for one iiinritent!--This, too, is,
my vow! And l swear and promise by tyery thing
most sacred, to defend your liersents ntitl oat.
properties, to preserve inviolate the Hole Faith
we were horn in, and to adhere to that tnceliry e
owe to the Spanish nation, aid to our beloved Sto-
nat•els, Ferdiimend VII.
The sign of oar Awl individual faith, that
we are ready to perform the pledge we have.• i vett ,
Melt be a red envka.ie, wh'lch shall be invariably
wire at our hats; with this difference. that the
dillairjr and all those 1191.1 - official situation*,
sioN feat in the centre of the reel cockade, another
attar we of Mack, to indicate the friendship and
Itembeell existing between the Spanish and Eng.
lishoblions ; and that on every cockade the initials
of olllfilliagnst Sovereign's name shall he adiasid, In
met* more strongly the object of this distinguish-
N e of hntionr :—;oriagaiming. at the same
that all persons cot wearing cockades of the
femme description, within eight days after politica.
- diem of this Edict, will be deemed suspicious, and
shaft be punished arvordisigly.
GM at Port&itica, the i4tli dr, of Jok, Ignsi
Alows•so..

-- • - -
4111110 JUNO. BAGOTIIII. fur London, h. lost neer Li-
mped. at which platy the PAihrstmeg, tir-
prearest, for New-York, Isar received much ila-
tuag and abort unload.
A beautiful youut annum, who wssi nosier the
protection of a military officer, pm a peririd to her
.detente at her apartinedits in Oxford-street, an
4unday night, by taking a con.iderable (ivasitit% of
Luclanum. She was found dead w li..r bed at
nine o'clock on Moodily morning, mid it was in.-
Ivrtained that she had taken a ita.cup foil of the
poisonous liquor.
A number of persons aasemblelloriTuesiditv morn?
ing in the neighbourhood HI Gee's-cowl, Si:try-in-
' bonne, in consequence of a report having beta
spread that a corps hail been clandestinely con-
veyed away from a Loose in the slime coat
the night. No doubt is entertained.of rine ofdlie
men who escaped from Lady 3:sikroa's hnvm
died, from the quantity of blood ahead in the strett
from the house in Park-lane to Grosvenor-sq mi re.—
There is as little doubt respceltiret who this man
was,. He is supposed .10 he the pentoitookrosarts
convicted of !wing found in it 1.6/4/1/
alias Casper, (who has undergone enriptttliffetelottlN'
sou), at the WestinirairteSerwioniq•
-, who it'lltoowit to lselott tt 010•1
?ha cadifet identified, stitOttifn
iu the ftreets with.hb httitl,tiee
wouuded.

POLICIt. ,

lIMILLOPALL, OCT• U.
PRIVATE STILL.

Ja Smoak erns charged with weak* et • private still.
Anilmens Si,mi 'Mime 00'er, mind, having received MT
formation, be west to the beam of Mr. FAward Granby
Renshaw eliyaust, East Fraithilekl. le the kitchen he
band it we. loaded with luw wiiirT, would contain
'lout lemehed phew% sod wee amirly dune lie
siso fou.id la the kirehris it cellar ear hundred and Tony gal-
-1 LAO owl eighty 'AGM 4111011111• C• W• 116, it • Nide
of frrneentaties ; pert of the spirits was hydronseeer proof.
aid the remainder spirits of nine; in the still there were
shoat a 3 pltuea of spirit web. In the shop he found one
pastbeen of uwelneses, rid a restanet of mother, tomboy,
mestaishig ••••11 gallons, and tee ammo jugs, emitatnior
sin gallons efepirits of whim. The Primisuer au manning is
the Thep bet the maiming sad the spirits of wire ;he
octane Waged t he had pot kit outworking at the :Ail%
noel the wit k him into restudy, under the rid Act of
111. kir. Renshaw tides is while the witness was is
the honer. sad aimed to pay She penalty of aid. if the Pri-
soner was liberated, lint the wine= did eat tilde he would
be jeetillied in liberating him. He name) ad the spirits to
the Excise-Ogee, destroyed the AM, end spilt the wash.
The Prisoner made nu dedimee—hi was Guy the Ke-
rmit, nail had sot►ie*N my.
The Worthy Magi, Maned bhn to pay the fell pe.
nalty of
.301 lie set rJiu y raid it, and was dmiTarged.ll.r.
Reusliaw did not appear.

!VAL INTA;LIJGANCE.

OCT. 11.

Arrived several transports from --Pirolugal, lost
from Plymouth.
L' Esprigle is appointed convoy for Cork.
The Expedition bill' reutainii at St. Helen's.—
Wind N.W.

itirmouTti, OCT. in.
Arrived the Joseph cutter, from the Chausiel
fleet.
Sailed the Probes, Spunibh friL,rutc, for fluvial,
Ayreb ; Crowe rchoouer. Tiiitlitle, with
a convoy, for Fatima:li ; the Plover, of is gone,
Captain Branine; sod Supply and Ranger, wry
tombparte, with a convoy to the Eitstward.—
Wiod N.N.W.

FA LUOUTki, OCT. 9.
Sailed the Ckstapiaa. Amelia, and La Lake,
with the Expedition seder cestunual of Sir David
Baird, retaliating of about 200 nil of vessels, sup-
posed fur Spain ; alao the Lady Pelkw Packet,
Captain Harvey. foe Coruna.—Wind N.W.

'oven, OCT. 1 1 .
141, airU «4 of ships front Quebec passed
this place lar the River.
Sailed the brig Drat. of rod for Sunderland,

- TORBAY, OCT. 10.
Sailed this atterseee, under centetand of Admi-
ral ;me(sa • •la cruise at Ushant, the Cole.
&mini *pi , Dreadasisogkt, St. George.
I ranowllft AM. and Dolless•
Also ailed the Belay cutter. for Plymouth, and
six a mime; and the Gannet brig
fler F
• NOLL. OCT. 10.
)i 711, Salton, master, from Chat-
Ilditoia Nts %tentage share on the East side of
Stairhen' astle.on Su evening se'neight,about
flee n'elechi.with a tine at S.IA'. and calm
sea. The 1410 ewe a total wreck the next morning,
and with prat difficulty the men saved their lives.
The brie *ethers, of Sunderland. James, coal-
Wen, mai An Cotton sand, the pith ult. Crew
saved %V ties idswesufe boats.
ii.-"' ' r • ships IC•L. OCT. 11.
Arrived Mu Ginty Skylark, frow l'ar-
, mouth ; led the ,Niglitineele, from Quebec, with a
cnnvov, which are sailed for the river.
Ssiied din' Princess Caroline and Oberon to the
westward. '„)

• CORK, Orr. 3.
,••• ',This day John Forster, Esq. was sworn in
Mayor, ued Wm. Jameson, Jun. and Anthony
Perrier, Esqrs. Sheriffs of this city, for the ensuing
year. A handsome and appropriate speech aa.
mad.. 10 the II F.CORDER, on the duties of those pub-
lic Alves. John Cotter, Esq. Chairman of the
Committee of Merchants, proposed that a piece of
plate, value 2on guineas, he presented to the lute
Macrae, for his exertions and services—lie was se-
(smiled by Jluaacl It. Westropp,Esq. The thanks
of the meeting were unanimously voted to Joseph
Levi ester, acid George drily Waggett, Ears. late
Slwriffs.
Mr. llARotwo, late Mayor, in a handsome man-
' tier returned thanks for the signal honour conferred
on Icisit, and aliiive all, the inexpressible pleasure he
felt at having tale approbation and thanks of his
fellow-eitizeus. lice Court, the most crowded we
have ever witnessed, rang with praises and applause
during Mr. Harding's speech.
Cuscht.es COLE. Esq. after having paid the Re.
corder and his Deputy their well-merited praise,
far the manner in which the duties of that Oilier
are tilled by these Gentlemen, rose to ingeine the
reason wily the Recorder hail not a seat in the
Council, as was his privilege, and moved, that the
Council should have the assistance of his legal ta-
lents.
Mr. WA GGETT, in reply, said, that lie had hi-
therto forename to insist upon that right, lest it
' should create any adverse ventinieut in the Coun-
cil ; but that if, after this day, a majority should
declare it nut their wish to admit him, he would
then take every legal means to enforce his privi-
lege.

Jotter Correa, Esq. the younger, moved as on
eitiendineid, that only 100, instead of 'ion gni-
:m.4 should be given out of the Corporation Re-
Ile was replied to at some length by Messrs.
(41.41t1.E, CULP, and 3ull/11 CUTTF:It the elder,
lizainst the motion. in ohich they were loudly as►
siNted by the Cot;ar, Sce.—We regret that the
iateui ss of the hour prevents our following thew
!.tlentivinom ut length ; their sentiments were
deli-
!'tcre.L.iu tiaeloost energetic and spirited manner.
ribs late 3Lyon declared. the approhation he
thhe'elet -11tetteringly received, more than over-
fit' him, st:rafti,liecl to decks alto6etlier reCeiv-
i"eui lui 1a their respect.
R. ,11r. C..art,ler: the younger. instantly withdrew
motion; and immediately idler the breaking
the trioi;i: the public affection for the hate
:.‘1:1) or wa. teltifieifh'i their chairing him through
the city. .ituatton was the proudest in which
we ever saw sissy public was placed.

since, Another, w
watne gang, Wet all
yesterday walkiii.;
upould much wouu
