TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1805.

IWERL4L PIELIAMENE

HOUSE Or LORDS—Mompar. Is It.

The Pl.shop of KIL MOR I.:, one of the Irish Rapresentative
Prelate+, took the ()athi and Seat.
_ _

The LORD CHANCELLOR d !livered his .pinion at
loin? length, r. :I tive to the Appeal C tote, Glover t
a.id cusiclud d by moving for the afhrinatiou of the De
with 401. csts, which was ordered accordingly.
Mr. ALEXANDER brought up from the Contemns the
Exchequer Bills Bill, the Assessed Tax Commis•iorters Bill,
and the Annual Indemnity Bill.
One Private Rill was brought up by Sir C. Bunhury.
On the Motion of the Earl of DARNLEY, the Orde, for
Summoning their Lordships upon his Motion to.morrow %cas
discharged s and a similar Order made for Thurslay.
The Earl of ALBEM A RLE begged the at-
tention of their Lordships for a very few minutes,
previous to the Order of the Day being• entered
upon. It was his intention forthwith to move for a
produdlion of a copy of the New Naval Commis-
sion, lately issued by the Crown, appointing Sir
Charles Middleton, and others, tO aa in the naval
department. The commission in question may pro-
, bably be intended to controul, if not to supersede the
Parliamentary commission of enquiry, the proceed-
ings of which were so beneficial, and whieh gave so
much satisfadtion. 'Fhe public were greatly indebt-
ed to their exertions, and the commission was com-
posed of men of the highest charadler and respetta-
bility. He doubted not but they would continue to
acquit themselves in the most unexceptionable man-
ner. The Commission be alluded to was formed
under the auspices of a Noble Earl, then in his
place (St. Vincent), whose professional merits were
above all praise. They were universally acknow-
ledged, not only in that House, but without doors;
but, in his civil administration of the naval concerns
of the country, he was equally meritorious. He
should detain their Lordships no longer, but moved,
That an humble Address be presented to I lis Majesty, pray-
iny, that there might be laid before the House a copy of the
O•mmission, lately issued by the Crown, appointing Sir Charles
Middleton; Bart. and others, to act as Commissioners in the
Naval Depaitment.
Before the question was put ;
The Earl of ST. VINCENT rose, and shortly ad-
dressed their Lordships, in a very feeble tone of
voice, the chief purport of which, as we could col-
ledt, was, that he understood his condus9, while at
the head of the Board of Admiralty, had been at-
tacked and spoken of in terms of censure, in
another place, particularly by a Right Hnn. Gentle-
man, at present high in His Majesty's councils.
le should therefore wish to know, from Ministers
in that Howe, whether an investigation into his
conduit, in the department alluded to, was intend-
ed ? and added, that he had no objedlions to having
every edition of his disclosed to the whole world.
Lord HAWKESBURY rose and observed, that
with respedt to what had passed in another House,
he could not corredlly speak, neither did he think
that, in point of Parliamentary regularity, he could
say any thing whatever upon what might have oc-
curred there; and he, therefore, conceived he could
not, with propriety, he called upon to answer in
that House with respedt to it. However, with re-
gard to the question put by his Noble Frierd, rela-
tive to a supposed intention of instituting an en-
quiry into his conduit while at the head of the
Naval Department, he was free to say, he was not
aware that any such intention existed. As tar as
he had an opportunity 01 knowing from offichl sit*.
shun, or otherwise, or in any quarter, he could say
he knew of no ground whatever fur supposing that
it was intended to institute any enquiry into his
Noble Friend's conduit.

The Earl of S i. VINCENT said a few words,
expressing himself not satisfied with the answer of
the Noble Secretary of State, whom he did not con-
sider as sufficiently explicit on the occasion.
Lord HAWKESBURY, in reply, repeated his
former declaration, and he would appeal to the
House, whether it was not sufficiently explicit ?
The Earl of SUFFOLK made some general ob-
servations in praise of the conduit of the former
Commissioners of Naval Inquiry; and moved, that
their last Report be read.
The same was accordingly read out by the clerk,
and, oq the Motion of the Duke of Clarence, ordered
to be rtintel

WAR WITH SPAIN.
After the Order of the Day was read, for taking
into consislciation so much of His Majesty's Speech
as related to the hostilities with Spain, and the vari-
ous papers and documents which were laid before
the House, reiative thereto, a few words were inter-
changed between Lord% Grenville and Mu!grave,
relative to the different modes of calculating certain
sums of money, specified iii the Papers, in Lyres, &c.
Lord MULGkAV E entered upon the important
sutije& regularly before the House, and, in a speech
of very considerable length, delivered his senti-
ment; upon it. He said, that, with respect to the
laying the different Papers and Documents before
th,•ir Lordships, from time to time, he was guided
by A sincere and anxious wish to have that House
as fully and completely informed upon the subjat,
in every respea, as the other I louse of Parliament.
lie wished to call the attention of the House to this
point, merely with a view to impress their Lord-
ships with the conviaion, that, whatever difference of
opinion might possibly exist as to the subject in gene-
ral, or any of its parts, there existed no desire, on the
part of lli, Majesty's Ministers in that House, to
conceal or withhold any information whatever,
which it was safe or prialicable to lay before Parlia-
ment. With reaped to the general subje&, which
they were about to consider, he was fully sensible of
its importance and magnitude ; and he trusted it
would fully appear, on due enquiry and investiga-
tion, that the state in which this country is now
placed, with respe. Spain, was not in Cie small-
est degree desired, sought for, or still less provoked
by any conduit on the part of His Majesty's Go-
vernment. One of the first considerations which nal u-
rail) presented itself, in viewing the question, and one
upon which.mweh f its merits depended, was the
stipulations of the Treatybetween France and Spain,
concluded at St. 1/.lefsinso. (fin this document,

,

• ).

great stress was naturally laid, and, in appreciating
its merits, comparisons were entered into between it
and the Treaty cincluded between the French and
Spanish branches of the House of Bourbon, in
1761, known by the Appellation of the Family
Compad. However, he thought the fair result of a
comparison between these Tteaties would be very
different from certain conclusions which had been
drawn. The Family Compad paid due regard to
that general principle of the law of nations, which
dilates a relative equal stipulation between the
parties ; a Treaty constituted others;rise, one wherein
the stronger power didates to the weaker, militates
against the law of nations ; it Foes to deprive the
weaker power of its sovereignty, and identi-
fies it at once with the more powerful party. He
then recapitulated some of the leading stipu-
lations of the 'Treaties adverted to, and con-
tended, that in the family compad, the relative
power and the re,ources of Spain were duly attended
to, while, in that or St. Ildefonso, a very different
ratio was observed, even to the exaction of the whole
force of the country, though the object of the war
should not respell the interests of the nation required
Such a treaty of alliance prevailed between France
and Spain at the time of the rupture between Great
Britain and the former, and in considering the ques-
tion between her and the latter, that circumstance
was of material importance. With respetft to this,
as well as to every other part of the subjed, their
Lordships may see, from a reference to the docu-
ments before them, that the most anxious desire
existed with His Majesty's Government to preserve
the relations of peace with Spain, and this
was uniformly, an appeared by the instructions
transmitted firma time to time to Mr. Frere, the
case, whatever changes might have taken place in
His Majesty's councils, until, from the condud of
the Spanish Government, a state of war became
unavoidable. In sudeavouring to this effect, it was
deemed proper to ascertain the impression which
the treaty of St. Ildefonso had made, and how far
the Spanish Government felt itself obliged to adhere
to the letter of its stipulations, if called upon.
Accordingly, instrudiona i-. that spirit were sent to
the British Minister at Madrid, who was, however,
impressed with the like considerations, and had, pre-
viously to their arrival, aged upon them. IN
Lordship here made frequent references to the rele-
vant parts of the documents, particularly to the re-
sults of his various conferences with the Prince of
Peace (the real Governor of that country) upon
the sultjed. He considered the answers given by the
Prince on the occasion, as perplexing and inconclu-
sive ; notwithstanding the condea ati the govern-
ment of this country %V AS, as upon a former occa-
sion, equally moderate and dignified ; every thing
was done to avoid the extremity of war, which could
he effested consistently with the honour, the inter-
ests, and safety of this county:. The next prominent
consideration, to which the Noble Secretary of State
adverted, arose from the proposal on the part of
France, to march a large body of troops through
Spain, the remonstrance against which, equally
spirited and moderate, appeared to be attended with
some effect. With regard to the important consi-
derations of the Naval armaments, and the sale of
prizes, the conduet of the British Government, guided
by the same spirit, was equally moderate and firm.
With respeift to the required contingent of furnishing
the stipulated number of ships of the line, the for-
bearanceof the British Government, was, under the
existing circumstances, far more moderate than it
otherwise might be, as the French Government were
occupied almost solely .with a p.aticular project against
this country, viz. its invasion by me ins of flotillas,
Ste. Another light in which our forbearance at the
time was to be viewed, was the interest and security
of our ancient ally Portugal ; they warded off the
danger from that quarter, a. long as it was practi-
cable. In considering this part of the subject, the
Noble Secretary made frequent references to the
progress of the negotiation ; the spirit and perse-
vet:lnce of the British Government, blended at
the same time with a due degree of moderation and
forbearance, appeared to be the cause of substituting
a pecuniary supply for the contingent stipulated by
the treaty. The diplomatic transadions with the
Spanish Government then wore a different com-
plexion; it became expedient to ascertain the
amount of the proposed subsidies, and a com-
parative calculation thereof, with the proba
ble expences of the contingent, if furnished in
kind; this was entered into by his Lordship, for the
information of the House, as well as a detail of that
part of the Correspondence. He adverted to the
perseverance of the British Government in their
system of moderation and forbearance, with mired
to this part of the transadions, which was mani-
fested by its acquiescence in the payment of the sub-
sidy, so long as it could be considered AS a temporary
measure. The comparat ye calculations to which
he referred, were ty:c,,s try to refute the assertions
of the Spanish Go.ta that the subsidy was
less advantageous to France than would be the fur-
nishing of the contingent. His statements were
drawn chiefly from what had been estimated as the
value in contingent of a given number of ships of
the line, and number of troops, as laid down in
former treaties of contribution. He particularly re-
curred to that between Great Britain and Holland,
1788, the result of which was, that, with respell to
the infantry, the calculation was at ten pounds
per man. An amount, referred to in the treaty of
subsidy in question would cover a considerably
greater number of troops than Spain possibly could
supply ; and, in point of fad, more than eight time:
an equivalent for the number of men stipulated for
in the treaty with France. Still, the system of for-
bearance was adhered to on the part of Great Bri-
tain. However, when the restless ambition, and
domineering influence of France was considered, it
became important to the British Government not
to relax in point of vigilance. This was the
more ne..essary. as French soldiers were at the
time clan lestinely allowed to march through Spain,
and the armaments were, to a certain extent,

..


.:,revr 4_ 1.3(1

(Pima surzwcz.

yet going on. At length strong remonstrances
were made; and the impossibility of the British
Minister cisntinuing longer at Madrid, were the •
Naval Armaments not completely stopped, was
held out. In explaining this part of the traissaaion.
several refetences were made to the documents, Rthi
the justifiable condua of the British Government
and its Mihister contended for by his Lordship.
—During these transaaions, Spain might be fair-
ly regarded as in a state of suspended hostility,
and with respea to the sale of the prizes, the con-
duil of the British Government was borne rant, were
it necessary to defend it b,y precedents, or arguree
drawn from analogy, by the case which or.: .1
America, doting the diplomatic residence . r.
!I inimoni. His Lordship pr05e...44, by :islet
exposition of the case, to ree die allegation of-t::
Spanish Minister, that by concealin, the affair
of the prizes, they had considerably injured the,e
colonial interests. Throughout the whole of this
transaaion, which may in some point of view be
r-garded- as a war of piracy, the overbearing
influence of France was manifest ; the firmness.'
and moderation of the British Government were,
notwithstanding, attended with effea, and the
French Amba.sador, considering that this wet of
piracy benefited only the subjeas of his country.
permitted M. Cevallos to concede the point.---
His Lordship repeated the observation, that the
British Government were determined to persevere
in their system of forbearance and moderation, as
long as it could consistently or safely be tinite ; at
the same time, their vigilance and precautionary
system were not suffered to relax a moment. In this •
spirit was the dispatch of Lord H.srrowby to Mr.
Frere, wherein he instru&s him to ascertain, as Err as
possible, the real state of the armaments in the dif-
ferent naval depats in Spain, as well as subs-quest
documents to which he particularly refern.d, and
which evinced, not only the vigilance, but the anxiety
of the Bridili Government to preserve the relatiot a
of amity with Spain. He pointed cut the evasive
condua of the Spanish Government, particularly
the allegation of M. D'Andurga with respell to
the destinatioo of the armaments at Ferrol, n imely,
that they were to suppress an insurrection which had
broken out in Biscay ; this assertion was alleged to
be made on the information conveyed by an Officer,
whoseregiment wasamongthe troops ordered for that
purpose. But, he would ask, was such a communi-
cation to be deemed authoritative or satisfaaory
nn !er the circumstances of thecae? Certainly not!
It was more rational to suppose other objeft, were
in view. Nothing which sound and rig irons policy
dilated was left undone by the British Govern-
ment. The Spanish Ministers were repeatedly
called upon explicitly to declare the nature
extent of their engagements with France I end at
the same time, they were req tired to re.tuce their
Naval armaments to the state they were in at the
commencement of the hostilities between Great
Britain and France; this proposition was )rie telly
urged by the British blockading Officer, w io said,
"'unship your guns, and it will be considered as dis-
arming ; your lying a little further in the Read, ;s
no disarming at all." No satisfaaory answer could
be obtained on this head. They deemed it not pru-
dent to declare the real state of their engagements
with France, and they did not dare, Leas o dis-
own the influence of the French ArnSa.sador
Btiurnonville preponderated • and it was not too
much to advance, that the whole was temporising,
until the arrival cf their treasure. Under such cir-
cumstances, in which a system of delay and evasion
on the part of Spain was apparent, Great Britain
WAS forced to depart from that system which,
while moderation was safe, or forbearance honour-
able, she had scrupulously adhered to. He hoped
and trusted, that the opinion which was already
marked as that of the country, with respea to those
transaftions, would be felt in that House. Ile
hoped and he believed, that his Noble Friends op-
posite to him were incapable of proceeding upon a
false ground of opposition that night, on a question
which involved the interests and the honour of their
counts. He trusted these grie.nds of oppusition,
if such was determined on, would be on the
merits alone of the transaaions themselves
there is one circumstance which he should not think
it necessary at all to mention, as making na ^•-•
whatever of the case. had it no, been touched it,
by a Noble Friend of his on a former -
meant the detention of the ftigates, respeaiit !
he conceived it impossible. informed as their
ships were, to have the least dispute. They ail
knew that traniaction was entirely unconneaed with
the cause of the war; it made no part whatever of
the discussion, and was not even known at Madrid
until the British Minster had quitted that capital
(a cry of . Ibe transaaion, be hesitated
not to aver, was, by the LAW of Nations, by ar-
guments drawn from analogy, or on gratin is of
obvious expediency, completely
.justihable. And
farther, the previous relative situation of tl.e colts.
tries wou4l have called for the proceeding. The
case of 1;61 afforded a parallel, but with this slit-
ference in favour of the present instance—in 1761,
the whole year's treasure was in the ports of Spain ;
the war is now begun with the treasures of Spain
at the disposal of Great Britain ; and, in proof
that the measure alluded to was not made
a ground for the war, his Lordship made some
further references to the documents. Drawing to-
wards a conclusion. his Lordship contended, that
no nation ever was placed in a state of war with such
complete and accurate grounds of moderation an.!
forbearance to rest upon, as this country in the
present instance. No proof of aggression. or ill
will, could be advanced against us. Every nerve
was strained by His Majesty's Government, to
avert the dreadful alternative of war, and the evil
day was kept off as long as possible: that nothing bad
been done, which conld not Ise justified by die right,
the country had to defend itself was ',erica evident:
he called on the House for its support. He was com-
pelled by a sense of his duty to his coontry. and a
perfea reliance on the justice of her cause, and oar

...

which was grounded his confidence that their Lord- know is, in Spain, of considerable consequence.
ships would unanimously concur in the Address he If any one could entertain the idea, on enter-
should have the honuur to propose. The Noble Secre- ing into a war with Spain, of errant ioating
Lary then moved an Add -ess to His Majesty, corr.- South America, he would venture to say it would
sponding withtherelevath paragraph of His Majesty's be one of the maddest projeas that ever came
speech,applauding the.. isdom and julticeof the mea. into the mind of man, and would entail the
sures of His M.tje -sty's Government in the recenttrans- - • misery on a very large portion of the
. . _ . 'cams

actions with Spain, and more especially that system
of moderation and forbearance which characterised
the whole, which -severed it long as the
lust regard
and the in-
promising the
c.
Address being
was not
to follow
long and
e import-
he con 7
a point
yr, _ every thing - adverted
to by the Noble Lord, he could not avoid, consist-
ently with his Unit of duty, from coming for-
woad, and stating. shortly and distinctly, his rca.
Mb ter thinking it impossible the House could cen-
eisteatly concur in the address, as couched by the No-
be Lard. The Noble Earl first protested against the
Was *at ells 11% Of any of those Noble Lords with
when belsad the honour to ea. were capable of op-
posing the propositionsof Ministers that night, on any
selfish or sinister grounds. They were aduated by no
motives but those of conscious duty, and such should
regulate his condud on all occasions ; more espe-
cially on one like the present, where the interests
and the honour of his country were alike implicated.
The most regular and Parliamentary shape in which
be could embody his objedions to the Noble Lord's
proposition was, he conceived, by mewing an
Amendment to the Address. He by no means
thought it would be proper not to address the
Throne upon the present occasion, more especially
since the documents communicated by His Majesty's
.
materialswhere-

I •

greatest . .
human race ; but he thought it too Micas,
to merit a second thought. He then made some
observations on the detention of the Spanish frigates,
and said he saw no difference in detaining merchant
ships in the harbour and attacking ships of war on the
high seas; if there was any, he thought it was in
favour of the former, as the injury there could be
repaired with money ; but, in the latter, lives once
taken could never be restored. Another ground
has been taken, namely—whether hostilities should
be commenced without a positive, or, at least,
a modified declaration of war ? He admitted,
that it was the common pradice of Europe, as
exemplified by numerous instances, to commeace
war without any declaration—but why ? Be-
cause, in the common praFtice of Europe, there
werernutual alts of hostility on each side. Each party
had committed some at of aggression, and it only
remained to be ascertained who was right and who
was wrong. But here there is no aggression on
the part of Spain. It is not even pretended that
there was any thing here on the part of Spain but
a meditated aggression, and that not immediate,
nor of that magnitude calculated to justify any ex-
traordinary alarm. It was precisely of that kind
that called for no immediate force, and might have
been averted by neguciation. There was a circum-
stance in the Papers that Tully justified this observa-
tion. Admiral Cochrane complained to the Com-
mander of Ferrol, that an armament was fitting out
in that port ; and to this complaint the Com-
mander of Ferrol answered, not only that it should
be courrermarded, but the order should be issued
for disarming it. Now suppose the commander of
a Spanish squadron blockading Portsmouth, and
holding such language to the commander of an
English squadron in that harbour—could any man
:inciliatory and mild an answer? But

command afforded the House ample _
on to found an Address. His wish was to lay humbly
and respertfully before the Sovereign, those senti-
Mans which he thoaght the House ought to be aißu-
ted by in the present instance, and with that view,
It would be necessary to separate a great part of the
Address. His Lordship proceeded to argue against
the policy of the steps adopted by His Majesty's
Ministers, and concluded by moving the Amend-
ment, which was read from the Woolsack.
Viscount SIDMOUTH said, he entertained
an opinion of the Papers before the House, dia-
metrically opposite to the Noble Earl who spoke
before. He thought that one of the pried-
pal things which recommended them to their
Lordships consideration, was the order and regu-
larity in which they were brought forward ; and that
some omission should have been pointed out, when
it had leen stated, that there was a deficiency.
Lord KING, after observing, at some length,
on the Papers before the House, said, the orders
for the detention of the frigates had been issued
siesta days before the remonstrance was sent
to the Court of Madrid ; and that Ministers
Utast have known, as long as the neutrality of Spain
was prole Red, Portugal was seem r. He seiphed to
bow was our army at that time in a state to pro-
bed Portugal? he was perfealy sure they would not
pretend to say it was so now
Earl of WESTMORELAND observed, that by
the law of nations, there N AS no occasion for an
open declaration of war, when it was, its in this in-
stance, conditionally declarei at the time of sending
the remonstrance. He thought it was perfally im-
possible to avoid the war, and therefore opposed
the Amendment.
Earl of DAItNLEY spoke at some length in fa-
vour of the Amendment.
The question was then put, and the House di-
vided on the Amendment.
Non-contents, 114- Contents, 36—Majority, 78.
Earl f 11-LW I LLI AM then moved that the House
should adjourn, and that the further consideration
of this address should be postponed until the next
day.
Lord HAWKE:AWRY said, he was ender the
nativity of opposing that motion on account of the
importance of the business before the I louse, and
though it was then so late an hour, he was very will-
ing to hear the arguments that any of their Lord-
ships might have to urge on the original question.
Lord GRENVILLE said, that on the face of the
Parer, there appeared to him to be the owst cri-
minal neglect of duty on the part of Ministers:
from the 21st of January to the Srrth of September,
a period of more than eight months, there did not
appear to be any orders sent to Mr. Erere ; certainly
there was chasm in the Papers then before the
House, which, if the Ministers were feckless as to
the neglect, they certainly thought it penelent not to
produce the Papers. We then look over the
Pa;sers to see the answer to the request of Spain to
furnish her with the causes for commencing the war;
we look page after page, day after day, week after
week, month after month, without seeing even the
slightest account of it. He said he had almost for-
g.ot to mention another strong ground for censuring
His Majesty's Ministers, and that was, their neglea
in not coming to a settlement with Spain in the month
of June last, before the Fiench had entered into the
treaty with them, which did not take place until the
month of Augu.,t, and not then without every inti-
mation being previously given to the British
Ambassador. It seemed to him His Majesty's
Ministers were not capable of discriminating whether
or not they ought to have entered into the treaty
with Spain on the Ist of October ; while they were
deliberating what course to take, they received ad-
vice from Mr. Erne, that the treaty had been settled
between France and Spain. This, he said, was the
meritorious condo& of His Majesty's Ministers, they
were not ashamed to come down to Parliament, and
to require credit for it. He believed, in the present
state in which this country WAS, no man in his senses
would wish to bring on it another enemy, if that ene-
my could be brought over by any IMAM short of dis-
honour. Onequestion remained to brooked, and that
was, if Mr. Frere was not fit to treat with the(7oert of
Madrid, on account of his quarrel with the Prince of
Peace, why was besot immediately replaced? Surely
his brother, Mr. B. Frere, was not a proper person
to succeed him, and that, as much on account of
his rank, as any thing else, which, though in Eng-
land, not thought usuch about, every one must

from his Noble Friend near him (Viscount Sid-
mouth), khe supposed him to have stated that any
part of the business ought to have been concealed :
what he conceived his Noble Friend to mean was,
whether the details of the affair between this coun-
try and Spain had been well or ill managed: how-
ever it might apply to the condua of Ministers on
the. occasion, had nothing to do with the general
question as to the issue between both countries,
nor, consequently, with the cause of Britain against
Spain. He then proceeded to take a copious view of
the subjea regularly under ,consideration, in most
of its bearings and details, and successfully vindicated
the conduft of the British Government throughout.
He censured the idea which had been advanced, that
the question of war with Spain should have been
brought to an issue in the first instance. This would
be impolitic in the last degree, nay, an act of in-
sanity, to add Spain wantonly to, the number of our
adversaries. No—let terms be kept with her as long
as our interest dictated, or could be done consistent-
ly with honour; but by no means break with her
until the 'Weft of remonstrance and negotiation was
tried. Ide contended for the sound sense and policy
of the instructions from time to time given to Mr.
Frere. Great stress had been laid on, the condua of
Ministers, with respect to the treaty of subsidy. No
time was lost, or nothing omitted that was practi-
cable, on that occasion. After considering, in de-
tail, the comparative effects of furnishing the con-
tingent in ships and men, or substituting a pecuni- •
ary aid, he stated his opinion, that, under all
the circumstances, the compliance of Spain
with the original contigent would be less in•
jurious to the interests of this country than furnish-
ing pecuniary aid to the enemy ; and, with nape&
to that transaftion, nothing could be dune easier ,
than what had been done, and from the pectin tr na-
ture of the case, because no decisive step could be
taken, -until the amount of the stipulated sum was
ascertained. Adverting to the question of the
armament, the conduit of the British Govern-
ment was loudly called for by the circumstan-
' ccs of the case, and on grounds of security.—
Added to this, Spain, had no pretext whatever
for augmenting her marine ; the pecuniary equiva-
lent obviated all pretext of its being under the treaty
with France, and as to the objens of the armament
at Ferrol, being for the quelling an insurredion at
Biscay, the belief of Mr. Frere, however he may re-
ape& the charader of that Gentleman, that it was ma,
was, in his mind, no sufficient ground for the Bri-
tish Government to act upon. Added to this, was
the consideration (which,if he were rightly informed,
rendered it almost physically impossible it should be
so), viz. that there were no ports on the coast of
Biscay capable of containing men of war. The
eiitumstance of greater attention having been paid
to what was transacting at the port of Ferrai,
than at the ports either of Cadiz cr Cardiagena, was
also harped upon by the Noble Lord; buttlwy seemed
to have forgotten the most important circumstance,
that there were five French sail of the line lying in
that port, which would render a lesser number of
Spanish ships in that port of greater importance to
this country, than a more numerous equ;pmen. in
either of the other ports, or a proportionably
stronger blockading squadron off the port of
Ferrol. On the whole, he forcibly contend-
ed that the conduti of the British Govern-
ment in the late transaaions with Spain was
one tissue of forbearance and moderation, the
policy of which was partly dictated by a sense of
!inmate feeling for the calamitions situation into
which Spain, through the pressure of scarcity and
the ray ages of pestilential disease, was plunge I ;
and, in the course of an animated and impressive
peroration, his Lordship contrasted the present '
debased, powerless, and deplorable situation to
Which that kingdom was new redeced, wish the
elevated and commanding rank it once held among
'the nations of Europe. But as in mm al and political,
as well as in physical systems, effects will naturally
i follow causes ; much of the present calamitous state
of Spain was to be attributed to the degeneracy of her
inhabitants into a state of apathy, indolence, pusilla-
nimity, and the absence of all manly and patriotic
feeling and sentiment, which have teluced her to a
state of disgraceful dependence And vassalage to a
domineering, ambitious, and unprincipled neigh-
bour, and to a state of thraldom and slavery ; that,
strialy speaking, she is, with respel to this country,
neither friend, neutral, or an enemy; as friend, she
dare not be ; neutral she cannot; and enemy she
is not in heart. lle had to hope that, in a more pro-
pitious state of things, Spain, en a future day, would
be able to assert her independence, and once more
defend that rank she held on the European Conti-
nent. Deeming that important subjea under con-
sideration, and feeling as he did with respect to it,
lie had previously to adjure their Lordships unani-
mously to support the
After a few words from Lord Mucoaiive, in
explanation, the main question, on the Addiesss
was ;nit and carried without a division.
The Lords with white staves were ordered to
learn His Majesty's pleasure with reaped to receiv-
ing the same ; and, at FOUR o'clack this morn-
ing, their Lordships adjourned till Wednesday.

ex ea so c_ _so
it had been said, that. having a justifiable cause of
war. we were perfealy at liberty, to choose our own
mode of commencing it. If there be any one
mode more ungracious, or more unfortunate to the
charader of the nation, it is the very one that has
been adopted. If it were possible to devise any mode
more ha sh and severe towards Spain, and more inju-
rious and disgraceful with regard to ourselves, it was
the very course that has been pursued. It has been
the pradice of France to calumniate and misrepre-
sent the charafter of England, to throw odium
upon her, and to excite the envy, the jealousy, and
hatred of the nations of the continent against Eng.
land. She has represented us as a purse-proud na-
tion ; a nation devoted to making money, and, hs
the pursuit and gratification of that sordid passion,
ready to sacrifice honour, principle, magnanimity ;
in fine, every liberal sentiment that adorns human
nature. He would ask then. if we wished to as-
sist France in the propagation of her calumnies
against the national charader, whether we could
have furnished her with better materials, or a
more plausible pretext than the mode in which
we commenced hostilities against Spain? After
the action off Cape St. Mary, France would
not fail to say to the nations on the Continent,
" We regard nothing, provided we can mul-
tiply dollars in the Bank of England." The
the then which our enemies would make of our
conduCt, in that particular proceeding, was so
obvious to him, that lie would say, great as the
subsidy was which Spain had paid to France,
not only that, but all the money which we had ac-
quired by the mode of commencing war against
Spain. would be well applied, if its restoration
could wipe away the shame and disgrace of the mea-
sure. It was painful to him to say so much upon so
ungrateful a subject. He was aware of the
popularity which might attach to the measure,
but he had stood against greater clamour than
could possibly be raised against him, for his cohduCt
in the present case. He had not only forfeited the
esteem,. but the friendship of many, by the line of
condat which he had adopted on a formet occasion,
of great national importance; but cap aienee had
proved, that he was tight, and, with this feeling
abut him, he should nor hesitate now to protest
against a measure, which, in his opinion, has brought
indelible di •grace upon the country. Upon cases like
the present, he must lose sight of all views of pt ivatc
friendship, and feel only the influence of a higher
duty. There was no duty, he conceived, more im-
perative, in a case like the present, than to speak the
truth, and shun a system of delution. He deprecated
an attempt to mislead the good sense of the people of
England; and, indeed, he believed it impossible that
such a.: attempt should hems& with success. Indeed
the attempt, it praaicahle, would be unjust to the
liberality and spirit of the country ; nor could sup-
port, obtain:d by the suppressions of until, prove
effectual. Against this principle also he protested,
and so much did he feel himself called upon to say,
in answer to the wish that was expressed by a Noble
Lord, that he had not given his opinion upon this
subjeft. He wished, however, the Iltsuse to under-
stand, that, in blaming the conduCt of Ministers, he
did not mean to insinuate that we had not originally
a good cause of war against Spain : and he was also
c suvinced, and wished it to be understood, that, not--
withstanding what Ministers had done, he did not
conceive that that cause has been renounced. He
only contended that, by pursuing a ditl'.rent course,
the country might have been in a better situation.
Lord HAWKESBURY, in the course of an able
and argumentative speech of considerable length
(which the lateness of the hour mtrifts us to a very
faint sketch),supported the Motion for the Address.
He regretted the unavoidable absence of his Noisle
Friend, who, during the short time he occupied the
office, so ably managed the business of the Foreign
Department, yet still, strongly impressed as he was
with the importance and details of the subjeS, he
felt it his duty to solicit the indulgence of their
Lordships, while he offered some remarks on the
prominent circumstances of the c he, and which he
felt it incumbent on him to do, in consequence prin-
cipally of what had fallen from a Noble Lord
opposite to him. He agreed with that Noble Lord
(Grenville), in deeming it proper that the whole
case should be known, and nothing concealed on
such an occasion from the public. At the same
times he must remark that the Noble Lord seemed
entirely to have misapprehended what had fallen

IV OUSE OF COMMONS.
Mr. ()WEIN, from the Fret India Company, presented a
copy of the Correspondemo of the Presidencies and the Court
of DttiVi+.ol, relative to the Mahratta war, which was ordered
to lie on the Table, and to be printed.
Sir W. YOUNG moved for an account of the exports and
imports to and from the Weat India colonies, and the United
kingdom of Grim' Britain and Ireland, together with its,: duties
paid tit -1.'014 distinguishing the ilii..rent ports, tl:lring the
years 180 V J, and from the sth of January 1804, to th. .ith of
January lao3, winch was agreed to.
Mr. HUSKISSON moved, that the copy of the commission
of the CulTIrlilbe601110(1 of Naval inquiry be rioted, which was
agreed to.
Sir W. scorr gave notice,_ that on an early day he should
move fur leave to bring in a Bill for the better encouragement
of seamen in His Majesty's navy.
sir J. FITZGER k 1.13 carried, that there be laid beforc
the House a copy of the returns made by Sheriffs, Gaolers,
and Muter. of prison ship in troland, of 311 persons under
their care, charged with high trea.ru 10 Impend, together with
their warrants of cemniitment, and specifying the maim of the
offences alleged agiirod them, and whether or nut they were
artieted upon ititurrnation given on oath, since the 2,1 d ot July,
180, which was agreed to.
Sir EVAN NEPLAN brought in the Bill for the Suspen-
' (ion of the Habeas Corpus Af in Ireland, which being read a
lieu time, Ire moved that it be read a second time to.morrow.
Mr. GREY hoped, that from the 'Memo of the hour to
which the Debate of this night was likely to extend, the lion.
fluorite' would propae to put mat the discussion of so im-
portant a Bill to the nest day.
On which S r RYAN agreed to bate it mad a second time
on We.theiday

TIFF SPANISH WAR.
The CHANC: hiLLOR of the EXCHEQUER,
after having moved the Order of the Day for taking
into consideration the paper; presented on the 2d,
3d, and Fah of February, respetling the late differ-
ences with Spain, said, he felt the utmost satisy4e
:ion in rising this day, fur the purpose of entering
into a full and mature discussion of those dot:.
ments ; though he should be inclined to think, that
the bare perusal, and 54N:de inspeBion of them,
would be sufficient to convince every unprapidieed
mind, of the just ice and necessity of the ine9c7it
war—yet, a mme ample investigation, he conside:o.l
to be important to the credit of His Majesty's Co.
veroment. This impression was strongly confirmed
by the ill-founded and unauthorised statements mole
of the whole of the stibjeiS, as well by the Court'
Spain itselt, and by its Ambassador in this couatty,
which induced him to go to the greater length into
the various dates, statements, and discussions, .rek•
tive to this interesting subjea. than he mightothee.
wise have deemed necessary. In the performance
of this task, it was no small advantage to him. tau:
he had very sufficient means to expose the 'fail-v 7
of such misrepresentations, by opposing Saas.
disputable documents, and even treaties thelisslre.,
to the sophistical distin,9ions, and false assertionsaif
the parties he alluded !o. In the first place, Aye,
he was ready to contend, that, by the treaty of -St.
Ildefunso, concluded between France and Spain, in
. the year 1796, the latter power was unmindful both
of policy and justice, and poorly surrendered all the
rights of independeut nations. Ity the stipulations of
-that treaty, Lngland, from the moment that she was
again compelled to have recourse to arms, in cvase.
quenee.of the nurneiou; and violent aggressions df
the present Ruler of France, was justified to consi•
• der Spain as a principal in tl.e war, if she should
not immediately renounce the agreement she then
entered into, and which was direaly, and almost
avowedly aimed at the power of this country. lie
was confident in stating, upon the a othei ity of the
best writers on the Law of Nations, and, if he vt.vi

......._ _ _ _ .
mistaken, he should be conzaed by persons every
way competent to do so—that, at the instant host.
lities were resumed between France and this conatrs,
the treaty of St. Ildefonso placed Spain in the siits-
atien of an enemy. But the Briti,h Governius tt,
by abstaining from it, was guided by agenerous
honourable allowance for the state of .vassalrigs in
which Spain had placed ifailf, and a consideration,
that, under her immediste tliritldom trance. she
must be considered as a irelnllint adversary.

Our forbearance and moieraraun k. 4 qa to 0.7 n

generous resolution of contesting ern .elves
demanding from that country, an irerroe
renunciation of the treaty concluded tin ler
mmons councils, which imposed upon t
truly Itaneuralle, proud, and dignified i. •.
a condition of the most degrading str''..iel oa In
this state, and under those generous irapresshers,
did Fmgiend find itself; when the injustice as I ie.
solence of an overheating and insolent cnenms
forced her iota a state of war. She had reason t,
harp., that the hostility of Spain was not •n tire
heart. and soaringly gave that country time tr
consider of the means which she might has,
to disengage herself. She wished even to span
the feelings of Spain ; but emery one mast .ire
sensible, that His Alarsty's ministers would be per-
lefty unjastifinb!e in net taking
..piOper pa precau-
tionary steps arraiest the etectitton of die wavy If
St. Ildefouso, and prevent the junction of French
and Spanish forces, provided that, in the inteera:
uh ch her tenderness interposed for the -pus-
pose of nertiation, Spain sheuld not be allows."
accunntlete .fleets in the same harbour. ts•
equip them, and at the $3171e time to get hirer
t lose treasures which would enable her .14
assist France nn•we effedually in a war, whoa.
avowed objeft was ruin to the independener
of this century. In acco:nplithing this, Trams
flattered herself, anis perhaps, not without semi
reason, that she .horrid be enabled to c lee her gruel
purpose of universal empire, and place the lest if
Europe.in the same state of abjea Initiation whirl
she Lad imposed on the ancient Kingdom of Spain.
Ile CAM newt to refire .ent •to the House, by a refers
ence to the different documents, to what eatent
and degree this principle had been applied. At
early as the year 4 SUS, instrutioo had keen sent to
the British Minister at the Court rf Madrid, tir •uti
his utmost endeavours in endeniouting Sc
mote the obje6l of separating Spain from FrII
during the present contest. He was direfled vigi
lantly to watch any attempts Spain might snake es
put herself a warlike attitude, with respea &the*
to her fleets or armies, and also the passage of ain!
French troops through that country. He was far-
thee to examine, whether Spain was disposed tomb-
serve a suift ncatrality and by the instniffkr..
transmitted to him on the 3d of Ju,.e, he uni,
sited to ascertain how far Spain thought
bound by the 'Fre:Ay of Ildefonsn, to assit.frarcr
in its design of invasion, and assist with ships,
troops, or subsidies for their Support. He =see
declare, at the same time, that should the Treaty in
Ildefonso not be receded from, er s!1:-ri!,1 opair
be determined to assist our enemy, by the vont,
nuance of even long limited succours, he had • r dee.
to quit Mad• id without loss, as any of these C • cum
stances would be considered by England as eq..'
valent to a declaration of war. H: was nodes:s-
ever to leave Madrid withctit first communie mite
all the circumstances to the commaadets
ca hl.
Majesty's fleets ar.l squadrons stationed in die
quarter, in particular off the ports of Spain. In dt
mean time, the British Governmeat was not ells
entitled by the known law of nations, but by
principle and sentiment of duty, to take pr'`
cautionary measures, and send instructiens is
our Commanders to prevent, with all c. err ;roasts
any auxiliary Spanish f wee from fertmeg a pm.
tion with any of those of the enemyrhe 14*
of nations authorised us to demand from Spain an im-
mediate renunciation of the Treaty of St Ilrletemou
and if she abstained from doing so in th • first in-
stance, it was only to be attributed to stir absiiiienrs.
moderation, and lenity. From the do, urncnrs be'
tore them it would appear, that Mr. Frere sided
the prosecution of his insttaitintis, and that pow
interval elapsed bsfore he coal) obt tin as'
answer, until curly in June, when he had s
conversation with the Prince of Peace, whom esters
one knew to have the Lwesoest influence of any lan
and to take the lead in the councils of Spain, autla,l
indeed to the controul and superior influerice
France. Though the Prince of Peace seemed PS,

the whole, which was persevered in as long
same could be,done con ;istently with a just
to the hcrnour of Ills Majasty's Crown, anc
terest and welfare of his subjects, and promi
cordial support of theiy Lordships, &c.
On the 6 para.graph of the Addres
read ' •
Earl •eose, and observed, it
his in ayes not in his power, tc
thg ..-tart' through the very lc
• ' he had lust taken of the
nt iubjea under consideration ; hut as
templated. in so materially different a
of view. almost every thing.that had been;

GOderntnent as alasolutely bound to
iin to the treaty of St. Ildefonso, it
. that his object was to gain time, and
passible, any thing like a dire& or satisfac-
The next proceeding of any material
note delivered by the Chevalier
to Spanish Ambassador at this Court,
*parted an instrunion received from
;pain, which authorised him to offer
of the King his Master, in settling
tbsiating between this country and
an intimation, that he considered his
hound by the treaty to supply France
wccours, though the treaty itself was
And defensive, as would appear from
copy of it on the table. He then pro-
lesci ibe minutely the purport of the treaty,
Spain was bound in any war to assist
h an auxiliary force of fifteen ships of the
,000 troops. When the other stipulations
were considered, it mast seem a whim-
ttion to talk more of an auxiliary aid.
is he observed, stiled by it s framers, of-
tfensive, Spain was net at liberty, when
war, to ccnsider the nature of the
:'nether her ally was or was not the
Evil' supposing the auxiliary force, as
t, merely a limited one ; it must be re-
that fifteen sliips of the line, and 21,000
constituted the greatest force which it
,posal at the time. But the objenion
land had to it did not rest here, for the
dressly stipulated—" if the said suc-
should become insufficient. the two
put into anion the greatest fume
rer, as well by sza as land, against
of the power attacked, whirl; power
the said forces, either conjoint-
tely, according to a plan that shall he
tween them." This was certainly inccm-
any idea of neutrality; but the same
Ts was suffered to remain, as it did not
t France required the fulfilment of the
about the 12th of September, when her
cgan to become more pressing, in conse-
which, the naval and military services
muted for a pecuniary subsidy, more in-
the interests of England, and more ad-
; to her enemy, than even the exe-
the Treaty. What the stipulations
ty were had .never been sufficiently corn-
though repeatedly and unremittingly re-
the Spanish Court ; but from such in-
as the British Government received from
sources, the subsidy which Spain agreed to
Fiance with appeared to be twenty-four mil-
' reels per month, amounting to the sum of
a sterling per annum. When the British
, Mr. Frere, had information of this, he of
remonstrated strongly against it. and was
I to declare to the Ministers of His Catholic
that, however, on account of the embar-
- of Spain, his master might he disposed
, or connive at any small and temporary
money, the continuance of such succours
• considered by him equivalent to a declara-
• against England, and he shouldcommence
immediately. It was admitted afterwards,
was, for some time, a negotiation between
Spain on the whir& of the amount of
money. the fm demanding a larger sum of
away than tam tatter seas willlngto acceded°, to the
700,0691. a month, wuich was afterwards
600,0001 The money first demanded
iu teals, and next changed to hetes,
~ calculated either way, was nat less in Eng-
money than a 00,0631. When with this was con-
al the assen.blage of troops at Bayonne and other
contiguous m erance, before the subsidy WAS
no longer delay could be interposed,
ing matters to an issue. An acknowledge
. the neutrality of Spain, after such
indiea-
must appear, indeed, a very strange proposal
was, that the neutrality of Spain never was,
could he recognised by this country, with-
renunciation of the Treaty of St Ildefonso,
it communication of all the articles con-
. the Convention of the 12th of September,
, was strongly insisted on, n,d steadily refused.
could never consider such a state of things,
se thin As a violation of the proposed neu-
bat tart strongest thing of all was the pro-
tat Spain should continue the payment of
tms, and expected us to respen her state of no-
ieutraltty. In the publication or manifesto
Spanish Court, it complained of this cir-
=stance as one which wa; us exhibit us in a per-
- point of view ; bid, for which we were, cer-
iustified in the eyes of Europe. We could
ti remittance' to oar enemy as a war sub.idy,
equivalent to a decimation of war. Spain
itely refused to explain to us even the di pttla-
'fete convention; though it walby OSIV:7 mo :cis
ware! to amonat to 3,000,0001• sterling, An-
dy. Linter such a subsidy, or granting Prance
loaned succour, immesliately made Spain a pritt-
• the war. To shew of how much conse-
this was to the enemy, it remained yet to
.nit this con-ention was more advantageous to
enemy than even the treaty of St Ilelefonso.
• communications with the Spanish Ministers,
Manifesto before alluded to, it was said,
indefinite and unexplained sum was no
:hail equal to the espence of raising and sup-
- an army of 21,000 men, and the eqnipm•mt
it and tear f 15 ships of the line. To:pidge
of this, it would be necessary to consider.
Tatters of this kind vary much from the situa-
of different contitrie,, come of which could
such exertions nviel. cheaper than othets. In
- country, flourishing in revenue, and where
is highly rewardad, it most naturally be
that every thing must be paid for at a much
price than it ;voila cost wader the absolute
int of the Spanish monarchy ; yet, in Men-
.cre, the expc3ce of such a fleet and army
not be greater than one million annually,
utmost. as the support of one regi-
1f dragoons was nat more than 10,0001.
ith. But what sheaved most the disadvan-
acceaing to tie continuance of such a
, was, the: it amounted to one half of the
revenue of Spain. It would probably be
, if the disadvantage was so great, why was it
made the ground of war in the hrst instance ? To
`•e shoat* reply, that great allowance was made
teluehtnoe Spain had to be brought into
war, and the intimation afforded that she only

606- •

waited for some opportunity arriving. from a
change in the affairs of Europe, for shaking off
the shackles which necessity and pusillanimity had
imposed upon it. In expressing himself in this
manner he wished it to be understood, that it
was with pain he could use such language
even towards an enemy. He did not doubt but
there were many individuals in Spain who re-
tained all the spirit and dignified pride so conspi-
ceous in their ancestors, but certainly he could see
no appearance of it in the circumstance he al-
' luded to. With respea to the imputation that
' situations may occur, to enable Spain to extricate
itself, it could not be expetted that he should be in-
diredly communicative of the reasons, which did,
at the time, afford a probable chance of a change
being effeCted in the condition of Europe, which
infiaenced, in some degree, a generous forbear-
ance to a certain extent. Spain was told that
England might connive at small and temporary suc-
cour, but not with large and permanent sums of mo-
ney, which were the most effectual co-operation in
her power to afford the enemy, and which must
themselves be considered a ground of immediate war.
We have ever retained the right at all times of airing
upon that declaration, and of making any naval
preparations, or the admission of any French troops
through the country, an immediate ground of war.
—ln fine, we annexed the same consequences
to any refusal to treat British ships or commerce on
more disadvantageous terms than those of France,
or a refusal to discontinue the sale of English
prizes ; and even added, that all armaments of any
kind would he viewed with the greatest jealousy.
The nest period that presented itself was on the
list of January, when fresh instrudions were sent
out to Mr. Frere, in consequence of intelligence
that the Convention with France had been ratified.
• It would be seen by the letter of the Secretary of
State, that Mr. Frere was directed petempterily to
demand a full communication of all the articles
contained in the Convention, and the real amount
of the subsidy • and to inform the Spanish Govern-
ment that a refusal would be in itself a declaration of
war. These were the most lenient and tender
Conditions that could be expefted from England ;
and His Majesty's Ministers would be indeed severe-
ly to their country, if they did not also
insist as an ultimatum, that the armaments in the•
port of Ferrol should be discontinued, and the whole
naval establish:nent reduced to the state it was in at
the commencement of the war with France. While
our !Minister at Madrid was demanding distill&
satisfaction, M. D'Anduaga was preparing a
note is which he represented, that, had England
agreed to let Spain furnish the succours in kind, pur-
suant to the treaty of Ildefonso, France would not
have a pretence for demanding more than limited
assistance ; but that she c,iuld not now be prevented
from incrsasing the subsidy to what she may deem
an equivalent for the stipulated aid. This argu-
ment it seemed, however sophistical and un'enable,
was very highly approved of by the Court of Spain,
which, no doubt, expefted us to become the dupes
of it Mr. Frere informed the Prince of Peace, who
bad the rule in the Spanish Cabinet, that the only
, answer he could take was a full communication of the
t whole Convention, but that Minister evaded any es-
planation. M. Cevallos, however, acknowledged that
I the nei essity of its disclosure to the Cosirt of London,
' of the whole contents, ores strongly urged by Spain,
but that Genera Bourrionville altogether over-ruled
it. It could not be denied, that by this conduit,
Spain itself recognised the right which England had
to demand such explanation ; but what must be tbs
influesice and controul of our enemy, when Gen.
Hour:. t.,ville shotild have the power to colintera&
so very fair a proposal ? That we could he satisfied
with such explanation was so repugnant to corn-
moverisr, that it .would be idle to waste any ar-
gument upon it. Mr. Frere so punflually obeyed his
instrudions, !hat he never made any admission or
recognition of the neutrality of Spain, nor had they
ever any convention with us upon the subjeCt. What
Sr Ain, in its mat.ifesto, called neutrality, was a war
subsidy of three millions, snore than one-half re-
venue to our mortal enemy. Considering the dispro-
eortion i.l the revenues of the two (minute:, this is
the sort of neutrality which we should have to boast
o', if, dor:.es any war upon the Continent, we al-
lowed a subsidy, or half our revenue, to the amount
of 15,001 ,0,01 annually, for the payment of Au-
strian or Prussian troops against France ; and
could we have the folly to suppose that country
would be satisfied to recognise it ? If, from
forbearance and tenderness, we suffered for a while
the temporary and nominal neutrality of Spain, it
was violated by the conduct of that country in
Framing such a subsidy. We connived as long as
was pov ible ; and though the naval armaments
in Ferrol and Cadiz, as well as the sale of English
priz s, d, teonstrated a hi sale mind, we were con-
creted to connive again. We made, however,
conditional declarations of War, and, from not being
able to obtain satisfaCtion or explanation, Mr. Frere
three times asked for his passports, to leave Ma-
drid. There was a circumstance of a personal na-
ture occurred at that time to Mr. }'rere, from the
unprovoked and unjustifiable condua of the Prince
of Peace towards him, which it was not thought
necessary to make any part of these public papers,
but which rendered it improper for that Gentleman
to remain longer in Madrid, and expose himself to a
similar treatment again'; but though the Gover-
ment of this country must be naturally inclined to
support its accredited Minister against the Prince
of Peace, yet it continued its connivance, and di-
reded iiim to withdraw from that Capital, under
pretence of leave of absence, and to state, that a
successor would be appointed for him. This forbear-
ance was carried so far, that a geatleman was appoint-
ed to replace him at Madrid, on the 17th of Dec.
when the sarne vessel which brought Mr. Frere home,
contained the dispatches from Admiral Cochrane,
relating that the Spanish ships, which were said to
have been disarmed, but which remained in a state
to be equipped again in the space of 24 hours,
were adttally drawn up, and ready to sail• in a line
with the French and Dutch ships, blockaded by our
squadron, thus meditating an attempt, faithful, in-
deed, to France, but perfidious towards us. If, af-
ter that intimation, Government omitted to exert a
vigour and promptitude suitable to the occasion,
they would be guilty of the most criminal negli-
gence ; and, for his own part, he would rather have
the censure of Gentlemen for the share he had in
that vigour, than obtain their praise for having
neglefted it. When M. D'Anduaga was called upon

for ma explanation on that subject, le replied at
first, that he knew nothing of it; but in a day or two
after, said, that an Hibernian Colonel here, who was
in the wilt' ice of Spain, had now received a letter
from a Consul, who said that another person had
informed him, that the squadron was destined to
convey troops, in order to suppress an insurreCtion
which prevailed in Biscay. To shew how much
such a destination was to be relied on, he would only
observe, that the shortest way from Ferrol to Bis-
Ay would be by land ; that there was out a port
on the coast of Biscay it for the reception of
such large ships; that the season of the year
was not at all suitable for sending troops into
that tempestuous bay ; and that it was perfeCtly un-
known even to the Governor General of Galliciii,
who, in reply to a letter from Admiral Cochrane,
informed him, that the ships were destined for a se-
cret expedition. When an explanation of it
was demanded from M. Cevallos, who informed
him, that the equipment would be considered
as an a& of hostility to England, he gave
no satisfaction whatever, but a bare assurance
that the expedition had no object coterai y to the
interests of England. He wished the House to bear
in mind that this armament had taken place in the
port of Ferrol, where a British squadron was for
some timeobliged to blockade the French and Dutch
ships which hadtakenshelter there. If Biscay had been
their object, why not, when Spain itself was not at
war, take the usual and more cenveaient method
of employing unarmed transports, instead of men of
war ; and where was the occasion of arming the
packets, in a way which was never done except in
time of war ? It was farther to be observed, that
the accounts received from Captain Gore, of the
naval armaments at Cadiz, exaCtly corresponded
with the time of similar preparations in the port of
Ferrol ; and that the Court of Spain had not made
the explanation which alone could b- their passports
through our blockading squadron. All the preva-
rications, he said, authorised this country consistently
with, and sanctioned by the law of nations, not only to
take the vigorous precautions which it had done,
but to have commenced hostilities much earlier, if it
had not been desirous of still leaving the door open
to repentance, and to give Spain time to consider,
and to trace back its steps. This was the motive
for the simple detention of the treasure ships. des.
tined to assist the enemy in his lung meditated, and,
for some time prepared, plan for the invasion of this
country. In our endeavours to obtain the commu-
nication, se long withheld with a degree of perse-
vering obstinacy, we remained for weeks and
months expecting that some mode of accommoda-
tion would be resorted to. This long forbearance,
even after the detention of the treasure ships, could
only be ascribed to our moderation and humanity.
In taking the measures we did, of necessary vigi-
lance and precaution, he deplored, as much
as any man, the bloodshed which happened,
by a concurrence of circumstances always in-
cidental to transaaions of a similar nature.—
The Right Hon. Gentleman said, he should now
conclude by reading his motion, which was to the
following purport :
" That an humble Address be ;mantled to His Taf .jeasy,
thanking lion for the information be had been graciously
pleated to communicate from the Thorne, relatise to the top-
two with the Court of Spain, &c." (See the Re,,ort of the
Lords):
The Srsasta having read the same from the
Chair ;
Ms. GREY lose and said, that, confident as the
Right Hon. Gentleman seemed to be in the state-
ment he had just made, it was matter of the highest
satisfaltion to him, to retied that he not only differ-
ed with him altogether in opinion, but that he did
so on such grounds as he flattered himself would
fully enable him to detea and refute the numerous
fallacies with which the Right Hen. Gentleman had
attempted to mislead the judgment of the House.
The first point to which he must allude, in follow-
ing the course of the Right Hon. Gentlem, n's argu-
ment, was, that which he had laboured so much,
viz. the nature and beating of what he called the
offensive treaty of St. lldeionsn. He allowed, that
' if that treaty was strielly offensive, it was a just
cause of war ; but he contended, that according to
the arguments adduced by M. Anduaga, it was
clearly shewn, that the Court of Spain considered it
merely as a defensive treaty. He would even go
further and say, that if the treaty was not avowed,
every means should have been tried by His
Majesty's Ministers to avert the measure of creat-
ing to this country an additional enemy, by
entering into a war with Spain. If we could
have ensured the neutrality of Spain, it would
have been the wisest and most prudent policy
of Ministers to do it, an 1 that even the subsidy paid
to France was such as this country might fairly
and prudentially have sanetioned, when it is taken
into consideration, that we should have saved As
much in the expellee we must now he at in the de-
fence of Portugal. That question of policy was one
nt the must material and important which Ministers
were called on to define; and strange, indeed, it is
to say, that there does not appear, till the 2d of
June, 1803, any the smallest instration to Mr.
Frere on this most extraordinary and consequential
subjeet. No step whatever was taken to endeavour
to find out how far that neutrality would be kept
or respeeted on the part of the Spanish Govern-
nient. He was anxious to hear how the Right Hon.
Gentleman would interpret that dispatch. He says,
it was an offensive treaty. Lord Hawkesbury tells
Mr. Frere " that it is the King's sincere and earnest
desire that the Spanish Government may be enabled
to maintain the strietest neutrality in the war that
has commenced between Great Britain and France,
and that he is to endeavour by all the means in his
power to impress on the ministers of Spain the ex-
pediency of their adopting this system; and to as-
sure them that if it should be adopted, His Majesty
would respell it with the most scrupulous good faith ;
that His Majesty's Government, having, no means
of deciding how far His Catholic bilsijetty may con-
sider himself as bound by the treafe_of defensive
and offensive alliance, which was cqpilinied at St.
Ildetonso, on the 19th August 1796, it is indispen-
sably necessary he ( Mr. Frere) should lose no time
in ascertaining this important point. If the Spanish
Government should state to you, that they coocnve
themselves to be under the obligation to fur nish to
France the number of troops and ships which are
stipulated in the treaty above-mentioned, hut that
their co-operation will extend no further, he would
refrain from giving any opinion at present on this
measure, but only content himself with signi4ing

rciosider his Ce
REQUER. •rr ,Vevictiticr
r for taking • ' Int elk*
on the 2d, dd.. if posailsii
late differ. , y at•swerr Ti
Ist satisfac ; was a
of entering ; •.-Incluaga, the
those don. , which he irnPs
thick, that Court of Spa
In of them, , mediation 0
nprcludtced e disputes sub
the inestat rance; and an
e consider.d curt only hots
tjesty's Co. ith limited sort
ty confirmed 'th offe.:sive an
ments made e printed COPY
the Court of ded to desctil
:his country, , which Span;
length into ranee with an ;
Asians, rela. re, and 24,000
!night other- I this treaty we
perfoi irt‘TlO cal inter pretati
to Mr.:. t L.., the treaty, as
the 1.1.' t; . ' osive and deft
ng .fags. :.1. 'ranee var, at •
I their; ':•::,, . reel; err Wit
assertions,* , greasor. E'
place, •tlien, icy called it,
:reaty of St. , inbered, tha
ndSpsin, in ~ Rive men, I
mindful both d at its dispc
;tiered all the Melt Eaglant
tipulations Of ' ith article exl
t that she WaS ' urs are, or
ass, in ce ! nse. . seers shall
;gresslons df n their powe
flied to conti• • he enemy of
if she should all employ
ant she then y or separate]
...ind almost oacerted bets
totintry. Hr i•" tt with a
ser:ty of the iti.e of thir.g,
d, if he sir; . ppear that F
persons entry reaty till ah
instant hosts. ,emanus beg:
I this count?), .uence of wit
11 in the sins. Tic comrnur
Governor s 4., urious.to the
genera qis Ala antageotts ti
massake-ge in I: OU of tl
consideration, of the treaty
.-1 tlaillee. she snunicated, tl
it adversary. quired from
eel as to tl ri telligence as
urselves other source;
rt iirf,: supply Franc
in ler • lions of real
m t ..:e 3,000,000 st
tied L. .., ]Minister, MI
11..:el od In course rano
; tnapresskm, instruCla to
ustice told ,In• hlajesty. tha
holent snems sassed stare ,
had reason to to overlook,
'as not do.tsar aid in more
antry time re would be co,
r might have tionof oar as
in
even to spurn hostilities m
one must ihe that there w;
would be pm- France and
secant pretau- the money.
,1 the way, 4i snowy than
tion of Franca amount of 7
in the iatorati: reduced to
for the pm- was st tied
sot 'be allow ? which, eerie
s lerimiur. to fish money
Hated the d
1' to get hero?:?
table her As places cone
arranged,
a wlr, Ish,,st
independent! in brin;ins
ig this, Franc: tent of th
without sum'! lions, must
effizß hviirtail The ilia w;
>lace the rest ,I and never c
Illeitior. whirl out a renu
;dorm of Spain. and a foil t
?use, by a rein,-
echoed in tl
to what extent which was
n applied. t 1 We could
otherwise t
ad Lyn sent tat
Madrid, ne .uat trality ; he
posal that
inning tel pr 4
' these slims
in from Franc*
is direCled 'Jig's• rninal new
might make •ts of the Sp
ith respea ether curostance
e pas fidious poi
sage of *II
T. He was fut. tasty use
s Risaosed mar view such'
the i and as eq
n sulin:ls:a
...,,,otiainatel;
ru.e, he ;was I'd-
-1.,:1s s. tilt
thuug,lst ,hcsaels
di .cos:re:
to assist .Frarat
ssist with ships. nually. I
sort. He sras 0 unlimited
ciFal in t
old the Tunny d
or should opus quence tl
•
ty, by she .cats-
hew, that
rs, he had , Ides tie enem
i 1 ,
of those c 'cute-
h:! cos
'.%
England as eq.'aail the
that this
H: was not +0r-
:30,... :11j,
It CORIM1111;4' ilwr
lan twg it
IMaajets sit 11.
and wear
stationed in du'
of *pain. In :t• p; operly
that expel
'mot was not c*
ions, but I'y ere/ non of d
suave sue
sty, to take re
this free •
I instructions *
industry
h all ti eir pow*
expeßed I
I forming a Jos'
n:my. 'fir lA* higher ps
from Spain an !la' despotisn
r of St. Llsletenif", Laing den
wirald n,
so in the first in'
at the
to cur absiinencs.
meat of
the dozumcnrs hlr
a mont
hr. Frere 4854113
tage oh
f
s, and that some
sut.sidy,
add obt tin oil
whole u
when he had $
asked, if
'eacc, whom nseri
.not mad'
luence of any Mao'
is of Spain. sn!,, d this he sl
A fur the
senior influence te
tha war.
Peaceseemsd all
.....,.. i
....di'. -....a.:
