FASBIO.VABLE INTELLIGEYCE.

The Dowager Marchioness of Salisbury's second ttonversasinne.
on Sunday evening, was attended by an elegant party of the /watt
&stung whom were—Prince Esterhazy, most of the foreign
Ambassadors, Ministers, and their Ladies, Marquis Pahneila,
Emily Marchioness of Londonderry, Count and Countess Ludolt.
Lord anti Lady Tullamore, the Esti and Countess Setto3 and
the Ladies Molyneux. the Earl of Westtnorland, Lord St. Helen's,
Sit Charles Ogle, Genies! Keppel, the Vice• Chancellor, Messrs.
Drummond, Mr. Giles, Mr. 'Taylor, &e.
Emily 31.trchioness of Lontiooderry entertained a large party of
the hunt tun, yesterday evening, at her house in St. .harnes's-
square.
Mr. Secretary Peel entertained a distinguished party at dinner on
Sunday. at his house in Privy.gardens•
The Bishop of Ewer had a dinner party yesterday. at his house
in George-street, Westminster.
Sir Thomas and Lady Farepihsr entertained a party of friends
at dinner yesterday, at their house in St. Jatnes's-street.

The Duke of Norfolk has arrived at his house in St. James's.
sqau:e, from his seat, Fornhant, Suffolk.
Toe Earl and Countess Salon, and the Ladies Molyneue, have
arrived at their house in .I:tingtun-street, from their seat, Croxteth
Ball, Lancashire.
The Earl ant Countess of Surrey and family left the 31arquis
of Nest Hill, on Saturday, fur their am, Worksop
Manor, Nosia.
Lard and Lady F. L. Gower arrived in town yesterday from the
Marquis of snattord's, West Hill.
Lora Grantham has arrived at his house in St. James's-square,
front Pari,
Lord tiliunmis has left die Royal Hotel, St. James's-street, on
a tour.
The Hon. Colonel and Lady Susan I,ygon arrived on Saturday.
at their rouse in Hertford-street, from their scat in 'Worcestershire.
Tim Bon. Agar a id batty Georgina Ellis arrived yesterday at
their house in Spying-gardens, from Roehampron.
Sir William, Lady, and Miss Twysden, left Warren's Hotel,
Recent-street, yesterday. for their seat, Roydon Hall, Kent.
Sw William and Lady Rumbold have left the Pulteney-Ho.
tel, Albemarle-street, on a visit to the Duke of Devonshire, at his
am:, Chatsworth. Derbyshire.
Sir George Rubinson, Bart. M.P., has arrived at his house in
South-street. from his seat in Northamptonshire.
F. G. Esmourt, Esq., M.P. arrived yesterday at the London
Hotel, Albemarle-street. front Hastings.
Wm. Dawson, Esq. arrived y.istarday at his house in Manches-
ttr.squate, front his seat in Berke.
Wm. Stuart, Esq. M.P. arrived yesterday at his house in Hill-
Street; Berkeley-square, from his seat in Herts.
Granville Peal, Esq. and family have arrived at their house in
tbrettind-street, from Wig:lton.
Mimi Freeman arrived yesterday at Gould's Hotel, Jermyn-streci,
from Brighton.
Departures from Fenton's New lintel, St. James's-street :—T.
Page, Esq. for his seat, Cobham, Surrey ; and M. Wyvill, Esq.
On a tour.
Arrivals at Jordan's Hotel, St. James's-street .—G. Strickland,
Esq. sod faintly, from Kent ; and Sir Edmund Carrington, hart.
Arrivals at the Bath Hotel, Arlington-street :—Mr, and Mrs.
Hervey. from a tour; Mr. Mrs. and Miss Burridge, from Devon-
shire Departures:—Mr. and Mrs. Waud and Mr. Norris, fur
the Continent.
Arrivals at Fladong's Hotel, Ozfon!-street:—Admiral and Mrs.
Lawford, from Kent; Mr. and Mrs. Stonor, from Henleaupon-
Thmtes; A. 11. Bradshaw, Esq. from Kent ; Mackintosh,
Esq. from a tour; Major Frederick, from a tour; Colonel Lewis,
from %Vales ; G. G. Gilbert. Esq. front Cheltenham. Departures :
—Thomas (pardon, Esq. of Cannes., and Mrs. Gordon, for the
Continent ; R. Gooch, Esq. on a tour ; J. Tuffnell, Esq. on a
tour; General Glegg, on a tour; John Atwood, Esq. for Chelten-
ham ; B. J. Ninch, Esq. on a tour.

The Duke of Clarence arrived at his residence, in
Charles-Err:l t, Berkeley-square, yesterday morning, from
his seat at Bushy.
The Princess Augusta left her residence at Frogmore
yesterday morning on a visit for some days to the Duke
and Duchess of Gloucester, at their residence at Ilagshot.
Count Lieven, the Russian Ambassador, transacted bu-
siness yesterday at the Foreign Office in Downing-street.
The S.ianislt Minister, the Marquis and Marchioness of
Clanricartle, and Mr. Plenta, and Lord Howard de Walden,
Under Secretaries of State for the Foreign Department,
were at the dinner party given by Mr. Secretary Canning
to the Fun ign Ministers on Sunday, at his new residence
ill Downing-street.

Tits Loan (711ANCELLOR.-IVe are happy to say that
his Lordship still continues to improve in health. Ile now
only experiences a slight pain in the foot; but as his Lord-
ship has been so long confined to his room, he is, of course,
tibliged to be cautious how he leaves it. It is expected,
however, that his Lordship will be able to attend to his
public, duties on NVeiluestlay. Ili; Majesty has shown the
most anxious solicitude during the whole of his Lordship's
indisposition, and an account of the progress of his health
is regularly transmitted to IVindsor with public despatches.
The Grand Catholic Dinner to the friends of civil anti
religious liberty took place on Thursday at Ilayes's New
Rooms, in Dawson-street. About two hundred persons
(fifty of whom were guests) sat down to a sumptuous en-
tortainment, at seven o'clock ; Lord Eormanstown, the
Premier Viscount of Ireland, and a Catholic, in the
Chair. The following were amongst the Protestants pre-
sent:—Lords Purtatlington, Bective, Leitrim, and Rivers-
dale; Sir Marcus Somerville, Mr. Latouche, M.P., ('ol.
Croshie, 11.1'., Col. IVltite, M.P., W. W. Beecher, Esq.
ALP., and to the left of Lord Killeen, sat John Willis.
The dinner and wines were excellent, and most abundant,
great elegance.—Dublia Freenzan',l

Itrow.—The condition of trade is not
"hree large cotton mills and several
on half time, in Benfrewshite. In
iills are on half time, and a number
irds time. An extensive mill goes on
y. The prospect of the power loom Anti-slavery meetings were held last at Bath, Bristol,
bad. Yarn is nearly unsaleable ; and and Lewes. Petitions to Parliament in favour of negro
ions were never at so low a price. It is emancipation were passed unanimously.
it of the weaving factories would have Some of the masters of Whitehaven have given the ad-
t, had it not been for the humane object vancvd wages required by the sailors, and in consequence
:en partially employed. As it is, about three ships have just sailed from that port. The remain-
steam loom works are on half time. ing ships crews, on receiving the information, were heard
state, that the tininess has reached that to give the greatest possible clicering.—Carlide Journal. •
of the cotton manufacture the calico The letter-carriers have not been despatched from the
'the proprietors of fields in this district General Post-Office so late, for many months, as they
to necessity of intimating to their work- were yesterday morning, owing to the arrival of a large
change for the better take place soon, number of Ship Letters, besides Foreign Mails, which
' to reduce the number of hinds.— were not roceived in Lombard-street till much after the
usual time.

. _
lat and served up with
,et J.urned.
DOI TR•DO OF GLAIf
iii4l at all improving. T
;" smaller ones are put
this vicinity three mi
to more are on two-thir
,l : half time on Monday
,to : weavers is equally hi
Tee the coarscr descriptio
lis, believed, that several
been altogether shut,
;ire of keeping the worker
two thirds of the 1
it'll' We are sorry to sta
I of extensive branch of
printing. Some of tl
14 have been under the
rere men that, unless a 4
roc they will be obliget
Glasgow Chronicle.
