~- -I~iT-t`TT

Till; BRITISH PJ*ZESS.

LONDON,
MONDAY, 13.

About two o'clock on Saturday, Government
were informed by the telegraph, corresponding with
Deal, of the assassination of BONAPAILTE. In the

evening, the following letter upon the subjoa ar-
rived in town, by express, from that place. 44 A
French ishing-boat is drove into the Downs, which
was intended for Dover, with a person from France.
He has dispatches, and is ordered to communicate
than to the Collector at Dover, said to be of great
consequence. He is now examining before the Col-
lector of the Customs here. I undisstand he brings
an account of Bow n r arcr t being assassinated." The
person in question, we understand, verified his state-
ment upon oath before the Collator. Letters to the
same eflat, it is said, have been received, by Mr.
RAMIE R, brother to the Admiral of that name, and
several other gentlemen of respectability. The de.
position of the person examh.ed x Deal, has been
also received by Government, but we do not:find that
they attach any credit to it. Not having seen the
deposition whether the opinion of Government be
founded upon any deficiency in the evidence, or
whether the true eight of evidence has not been
reduced by throwing into the opposite scale that
extreme caution, which so many recent stock jobbing
tricks must have contributed to create, we cannot
•ay. The report is certainly not the least liable
to suspicion, because it was circulated upon a mar-
ket holiday, and too late, had it even been a day of
business, to have any operation upon the funds. In-
dependant of any such views, there is another object
upon which it might be intended to have a consi-
derable influence ; we mean the terms of the loan
which a:e to be settled this morning at 10 o'clock.
As to the subject matter of the report, abstractedly
considered, we should regret if it were to prove
true. The fall of a tyrant by the hand of an assassin,
is only the triumph of vice. In the fall of BON A•
P TE We should like to see the triumph of virtue
over infamy, of liberty over slavery, of loyalty
over usurpation. We should like to see him fall in
the field like RICHARD 111, by the hand of the
rightful Sovereign, and the husband of the Ps incess,
whose union stiengthened and cemented that lawful
claim.

We had 'written thus far, when we received an ac-
count of the arrival of two Messengers from Paris at
S o'clock last night. They came in a post chaise and
fcrar, and drove withal! possiblespeed tot ord HA WK vi-
ne r's office in Dow-ming-street. It was immediately
circulated that they brought a confirmation of the re-
port of the assassir.ation of BoriA TART Z. We appre-
hend, however, that they are only the Messengers, in
ordinary. who are permitted to pas.; and repass until
the 2ith inst. the day on which it is agreed that
all communications between the two countries shall
be completely dosed. One of the Messengers was
richly dressed in a suit en,broidered with gold,
and a medal suspended at his breast. The other
was the same person who brought orer the account
yesterday month, of BOMAPARTZ having been thrown
from his carriage in the garden of St. Cloud.---The
two Messengers, after having delivered a small box
at Lord HAWKESBUItY'S office, went to au hotel in
Leicvster-squan:.

The accounts from tlx Cent:nent are various awl

contradiClory. Some state that the French troops
have taken possession ..of Hanover, Bremen, ecc.
and ase on their march for Hambnrgh. Others as
confidently assert that a compact has been entered
into by Russia and Prussia for the protection of
Hanover and the H.nase Towns, and tims ist CO/1.•
acqueace the Eletiorate has riot bees entered by the

',

French army. Thefollowigg are the several au-
thorities upon which these several opinions are
founded.
EXTRACT 01 A LETTER, DATED HULL, wax 9.
a The Master of a ship arrived here on the 7th,
from Hamburgh (who left Cuxhaven last Tuesday)
says, that it was reported, when he left Cuxhaven,
that the French had taken possession of Bremen ;
and, as he sailed along the coast, he saw the alarm
flags flying, and heard the guns fire, from which he
is led to believe, that the French were entering Cur-
haven : under these circumstances it will not be safe
for any ship to sail for Hamburgh till something
certain can be learnt about the fate of that place.
The Hamburgh Convoy is yet is the Humber), but
two American ships that have taken goods for Hain-
burgh have sailed within the last week past."

EXTRACT OF ANOTHER LETTER, DATED HULL,
JUNE 9.

" The French took possession of Bremen, on
Thursday last, and it is reported, that they were
then on the march to Hamburgh."

H A RW 101, JUNE 9.

" The agent .of the packets, at this port, received
yesterday, the Hamburgb and Bremen Mails, as
usual, though with an order not to tOrward them till
he has farther instruEtions from the Post-Masters-
General, who wait the arrival of the packet, now
due from Cuxhaven the passengers now on their
way thither are consequently detained awhile
at this port. Orders .have also been sent down for
the Prince of Irala, Capt. HEARNE, the next packet
in turn, to sail to the Eyder, to take the sound-
ings of the harbour and other necessary observa-
tions; but this morning the Agent received instruc-
tions to detain him, and the packet having sailed,
we fear they arrived too late; the Agent, in conse-
quence, hired a vessel immediately, and sailed after
him, in the trope of being able to overtake and bring
him back."

A letter has been also received in town, through
a private c.hannel, to the following effea :

It:NE 10, 1803.

" We learn from undoubted authority, that ac-
counts have been received from a Senator at Ham-
burgh, desiring that their friends would be perfectly
at ease, as a compact had been entered into for the
protection of the llans Towns, and there is every
reason for believing that Hanover is included in the
compact, and that the French troops (agreeably to
the former informations of the letter, dated 28th ult.)
had been stopped in consequence."
Through another channel we are informed, that
the Itiartilst, Captain Scainvea, left Bremen on
the sth, and arrived off Southwould on the 9th. He
contradids the account of the French being at Bre-
men. The Paris Papers up to Wednesday last,and
the Hamburgh Maas containing letters and papers
of the 3d instant, are silent upon this sue Et. It is
evident, however, that our Government entertains
very serious apprehensions for the fate of these se-
veral places, from the order which they have sent
to prohibit the sailing of the Hamburgh and Bre-
men packets until farther instruaions.

Lora MELVILLE leaves town to-morrow for Scot-
land—Mr. PITT also leaves town for the remainder
of the session. The political prospects of these two
great statesmen are completely blighted for the pre-
sent season.
On Saturday morning, about eight o'clock, their
MAJLSIIES and the PaiNcissEs, attended by Gen.
GARTH, Col. FITZROY, and Col. SPENCER, at-
tended Divine Service, at the Chapel Royal, Wind-
sor—and will continue to attend Divine Service at

the same place, when at Windsor, during the sea-
son. After breakfast, Her MAJESTY and the PRIN.

etssss, attended by the Countess CHATHAM and
Lady NIATILDA WINYARD, took an airing in two
coaches to Frogmore, and walked in those beautiful
Gardens till between three and four o'clock.
Yesterday morning, the Royal Family, attended
by Gen, GARTH, Col. Fl T TAW Y, Major DESIORO%
and Major SPENCER, the Hon. WIC PRICE,
the Countess CHATHAM, Lady MATILDA WIN.
YARD, and Miss Goinisvoarnv, attended Divine
.Service at St. George's Chapel—where they heard
an excellent Sermon preached by Dr. 141.toroaD,
Canon in Residence, from the I tith chapter of St.
Matthew, and the '23th verse. His MAJESTY, after
attending Divine :.etvice' walked to Frogmore.
On Saturday morning his MAJESTY reviewed the
11th regiment of Light Dragoons, commanded by
General Sir JAMES CRAIG, on Ashford Common.

His Manstv, attended by General GARTH. ar-
rived on the Common about i 0 o'clock, and was
received with a royal salute, the Prince of WALLS,
Dukes of YORK and CUMBERLAND, Earls MOIRA
and HARRINGTON, Lords CRAVEN and Roma?

MA...NERO, • Generals Hutu.. F•WCET, DUNDAS,
NN LES, GTWNE, and a number of Military Of-
ficers of ilistinltion.

The men continued to go through their different
evolution► till past twelve o'clock, when the review
finished and his MAJESTY left the Common.

The Marquis of HCNTLEY leaves town this day
for Kimholton, on a visit to the Duke and Duchess
of MANCHESTER. His Lordship will stop in his way,
for a few days, with the Duke of BEDFORD, at Wo-
barn.
The Duke of &Dross) gave yesterday his annual
dinner at Woburn Abbey, preparatory to the sheep
shearing, %%Lich wif commence this day. The Earl
of TRANI. r, Lord W. RUSSELL, Lord SOMERVII LE,
and a large party of Noblemen, were present on
the occasion.

The Marquis of Satisauav left town on Satur-
day to join his Regiment now lying at Ipswich, pre-
paratory to their being reviewed, which will Like
place in a kw days.
The present is called the Rump Administration,
became it does not contaiiithe head any one great
Amity.

._..~

4

PRIVATE CORR ES POND ENC
rams. ;USE 7.
In three days two couriers have arrived from St.
Petersburg, and the Russian Ambassador, after
frequent conferences with Talleyrand, went yester-
day to St. Cloud, and had an audience of the First
Consul for more than two hours. It is said, that
the Empercr of Russia has much disapproved the
condo& of France towards Holland, and the plan
of seizing Hanover.
Fresh troops have been ordered to approach the
Rhine, and the Corsican is highly displeased both
with himself and every body else. The military
forces in La Venclie are augmented every day, and
orders are issued for colleting an army of 2.5,00)
men on the Spanish frontiers; whether it be in-
tended as a threat to Spain, or for an attack on
Portugal, is yet the secret of Bonaparte. Lasnes
has again complained, and asked to be recalled ;
and at the grand review and audience, the sth inst.
in speaking with Chevalier D'Azzcra, the Spanish
Ambassador, the upstart sovereign loudly abused
Portugal.
Joseph Bonaparte has been offered, but declined.
to be the Deputy Eletor of Hanover. An univer-
sal confusion and ferment reigns in the Corsican
Councils, and the greatest discontentment amongst
Lis Ministers, who have more or less lately expe-
rienced the drab of his bad temper and violent
pas,ions. Berthier and Chaptal have given in their
resignations, but by the persuasion and manoeuvres
of Talleyrand, they were brought over to continue
in place.

Moreau, Massena, Macdonald, and Angoraut.
arc more than ever suspeded by the usurper, and
watched by his spies. For the sixth time in three
weeks, the journey to Brabant has been fixed by
ambition, and deferred by fear. This is one of the
many proofs of the boaritc I popularity of the Corsican.
and of the general approbation of the war, which bis
absurd vanity and insolent conduct have provoked.

It is reported that twenty thousand British troops
are to be sent to Portugal with all possible expedi-
tion, for the defence of that kingdom against any
attack of the French.

Sir S. Sterrn has sailed from the Suffolk coast to
relieve Admiral Tuoanzoaoenn off Goree. The
Antelope, with some smaller vessels, were on Wed-
nesday off Dunkirk.
Lord GARDNER is to sail for Cork from Ports-
mouth, as soon as the Doris arrives there for his
conveyance.
Saturday the Lord Lieutenants of Counties drew
for the Rants of the different Regiments of Militia.
It is supposed that Government intend to raise
some new Regiments of Infantry.
Lieutenant-Colonels T. F. KILLY and the Hon.
J. Pa o sY have obtained companies of the First Regi-
ment of Guards; Lieutenant-Colonels J. Putts*,
H. TAYLOR, and Lord AYLMER, companies in the
Coldstreami and the Hon. Colonel Cote, and
Lieutenant-Colonel DUNiFORD, companies in the
Third Regiment.
The Hon. Captain HALLYPCIITON, of the First
Guards, is appointed Assistant to the Quarter-Mos.
ter-General, with the rank of Major in the Army.
Major C. Hs 'mover, frons tbe half-pay of the 40th,
and Captain Covet:4, from the Staff corps, have re-
ceived like appointments on the Irish Staff.
Lieutenant-Colonel WOOD is appointed to the
Colonelcy, and J. GIBBONS, Esq. to the Lieutenant-
Colonelcy, of the East Middlesex Militia.
♦V. MANNING, Esq. is appointed Lieutenant-Co-
lonel of the Bank Volunteer Association ; J. PUGET.
Major; and W. MELLISH, E. Sisisox, T. LANG
LEY, J. OLIVE, G. DO RIEN, S. THORNTON, CBOT..
LEH, and J. BOWDEN, Esqrs. Captains.
Colonel M. HUMBER, of the 48th regiment, is ad-
vanced to the rank of Brigadier General in Ame-
rica, and Colonel W.Dv 07 T, of the 25th Regiment.
to the like rank in the West Indies.

Detachments of artillery are tinder orders t• pm-
ceed from Canterbury to the different batteries upon
the coast.

The Kent Supplementary Militia are not to form
a •eginr.tnt, but to be attached to the East and
West reginie:-.1, according to the number raised by
each division of the county.
The Sea Fencilides are ;gain to be called into
service.
The different Neck ships at Sheerness have been
ordered to their respeCtive stations off Margate, in
the Queen's Channel, &c.
Amongst the latest arrivals at Bath, are the Earl
and Countess of SPENCER, Earl and Countess cf
WEST e A TH, Countess of G;;:toroito, Colonel,
Mrs. and MiSsCaSTLLM AIN, &C.
Colonel Fisite a, Chief Royal Engineer of Ireland,
left Dahlia on the Gth inst. to inspect the defences
of the coast and the atniaments lately ordered in
the southern district.
The Auckland packet arrived on Friday from
Calais, as a flag of truce, and brought over dis-
patches for the Russian and Austrian Ambassadors.
An order has been received at Calais to send all the
English there to Valenciennes.
'1 he Gazette of Saturday contains an Order in
Council for prolonging, to the Ist of January, 1804„
the Order at. the 13th July, 1801, which declared
the port of La Valetta, in the island of Malta, to 'be
free to the subjetis of all States in amity with his
Majesty.
The Hamburgh merchants have applied to Go.
vernment for a convoy to be appointed to proceed
to Hamburgh, for the purpose of convoying from
thence the vessels bound to the different ports of
England .and the Baltic. Their request has been
complied with.
The squadron under the command of Admiral
!Altos! had been met with on the other side of the
line, having been previously joined by the advice-
boat, dispatched with the first intelligence of his
Majesty's Message of the Bth of March. Captain •
General Drcaes, and all the soldiers on board the
squadron, were in the best state of health. That
squadron is supposed, by this time, to klave arrive. a
at the Isle of France,
