THE BRITISH PRE SS.

LON DON, ,

FRIDAY. Nuvosate 4.

We onderstand that Governmeer haw received a
Betiteur of the sith last, which contains BoßA-
taartfs Message to the I.cgistative Cody on the
°penil; of the session on the 25:11. The Message,
it is said, states, that the Emperor ALETA DEB and
Boa teasers, being desirous of re-eatablishing a ge-
tters' peace, had wade overtures of a pacific tcuden.
es- to Great Britain, upon certain conditions, and
thst if the British Goverimetnt did not accept those
cooditious, it wou 110 N APAUTL'Ir intent to invade
Spain with all his forces, and, Madly, to expel the
Bonasom family from the sovereignty of that
kuiestuai, and to fix his • Brother QU the Throne.
a we have been accurately 'taunted as to the sub-
:twice of the messages it appears that BosilleAlrer,
is his proposition to this tostistry,, offered to restore
I:Esof NASD to the Throne of Spain, lithe British
(;crerninent would consent to certain t.-onditions
What these conditions are, we. do not prite:►d to
laiaw, but we have no doubt that 11ssNAPArcrts's
intention was to propose such an lie knew we routil
not ace opt. Ills policy in such offers is
nbninrs ; be hones to create a coop► .1114 between
Great Britain and Spain, by offering the latter to
restore her King, if the fourwr will make certain
conce...inns. It was natural to expect that But4A-
PARTF. wand adopt even• artifice to destroy the
Bohai which subsists. between this country and
Spain; but the Standar& have bad too 'nutty
prook of his perfidy, to full into the snare which
he Ibis laid fur them.

The report of the arrival of the Moniteur, with
the Message containing this tool other sentiments
of a hostile character, caused c, depression of the
Wadi, and they left off, Consols at tttii. and Om-
, anon at & Premium. They bid risen is the early
pert of the day, Consols, to 67 and 1111 l ion), to
Premium, upon the intelligence of the arrival of
the Ita,sian Minister, Count Home nrorr, at Pa-
ris. to negotiate for Russia, in concert with Eng-
Lind and Prance.

Notwithstanding the tomplete and brilliant MC-
c.c.s which we me taught to believe, by the publi-
nitions issued on the Continent, has attended the
conferences held at Erfurth ; man can doubt
that their 114voiliplklutteitt, or their infraction,
must finally &petal on the Corsican's good or dl
fortune beyond the Pyre'lets. It is iu Spain that
he must carry into execution the measures dictated
is Thuringia. However beaten, disgraced, and
fallen, he may be on the Ta:4us, or on the Ehro,
be is still formidable on the Vistula, the Oder,
sod the Danube. The Germans and the Rus-
sins have ton recently, as web as too severely,
ispetieneed the superiority of his arms and tactics,
to be re-animated by descriptious of his reverses
in Arragon, in Portugal, or in Andaiosia.—
Dr:ven into a remote adgle of tLe ti ai,ieit Fenia-
n:lJ, aa,l compelled to evacuate Lisbon, he still
may Le said to CORIIITC,',I ley terror, the Austrian,
Rossini, and Prussian loisareliit-s. They will

comply, temporise, and expect their liberation from
tie errata in Biscay and in Cuhtlouia. But, how-
ever they may acquiesce in, or obey the mandates
of their common scoorge and ruler, they must
r,,ndlly appreciate his altered condition. Hence
tie doptiou of steps okensibly calculated to re.
tt'Ar riten to Europe, uud to emancipate the Pros-
slot Siatru from military contribution. It was pro-
bably found iintwartical.de to cannel, or to induce
itt.rx ts DER, who is sis) longer at Ttimt, and who,
must Wive heard of Ba:.lett, of Senago••4, and of
Vicueira, to lend him affirmative aid for th,. comple-
tion of NAPOI.EOIes flagitious designs on Spain.
without his firm consenting to withdraw his garri-
sons than Prussia, and to otter prop4l,itif)lol of a pa-
cific nature to England. Even of these act., co-
loured by his present embarrassments, he will, we

doubt nut, well know how to elude, or to protract,
the accomplishment, according to circumstances.
More arduous and more serious toils await hint
beyond the l'yrenees, whether he resume his stir;
ton on the backs of the Adour, or whether, in
compliance with the emergency which memo to de-
mand all his exertions, he shall at length rumor
from his dark retreat of Marrac, mid 'mad his le-
gion, once more in penman. The occasion is cer-
tainly every way worthy of Isis interposition, and
not a moment is to be lost when winter impends.—
lu fact, various letters front Holland, and one
which we have perused from Amsterdam. ex-
pressi) state it as the rersal -received opi-
nion, that BONAPARTE .01 juin the troops.
in Alava before the nth of the present mouth.
JOSKPII, notwithstanding his long and minute
relation of the military events iu Spain, from
the 12th of August, to the 13th of Oct°6er'
is erciently retrograding towards the frontiers Of
rralL:e. This Monarch, hitherto known only for
his e:titiaes an.! his eirtres, which the Moniteur
took to much care to conaintanicate, has, it appears,
emulated hi* Imperial Brother, placed himself at
the heal of two divisions, and set out to recon-
noitre the enemy. This event took place on the
3th of Octolier. Uhfortunately, he esyi, the
SPotnards became invisible ; and after searching
fur theta, therefore, in vain, during two whole

days. JOSEPH estcbliblied Ilia Royal res....leave
at Vittoria ; there, on the 13th or Oethher, five
Drys after his returu trot:, this singular expv.lition.
he itiwit have received. (thong's be does not think

it proper to communicate) the sinister intelligence
of the Spaniel' army, which he unithl not even air-
cover betweenlboa and Orduinki, having Ot.
only re-appeared, but hutting driven Ceo. Sham
and the French force ot.t the former of there
cities. Such has been the inghirione result of Jo-
st:l.ll's first every in the fiehl. •

. _
We are far, however, from treating with levity,
or from consitle:ing, without the must serious ahr
prehension', the events which may take place io
Spain, when BONAPARTE has transferved his per-
son, and the energies of his wind, to that quarter of
Europe. His very name and presence on the the-
atre of war, will o:wrate au effect incalculable ono
both armies. IG. talents, his past *access, and that
star, which has seemed hitherto to lead him to vic-
tory, will all precede, or accompany him. Rut
we nevertheless confide in the character of the
S;ositisli naf.on, impelled loy every sentiment of
lit alty, pill rionsin, and abhorrence of slavery, under
a fiortigio, olotelorc adventurer. We repos! no lit-
tle t oinfideowe iu troops, 110 W inured to fatigue, cc-
costomed to meet and to vanquish the enemy, I:011
CASTANO3, P.11..1F0L, and BLAKE. We
rely on the powerful operation of other au%iliaries,
to whose joint attack et em N•eirt.Eure may not be
found eti bal.

The Sp:minds possesti other advantages and
aids, with which their adversary has not bad to
contend in all r.oitil degree, when marching to
invade Berlin, Vienna, or lioningsberg—we mean,
void, fuoine, and diseaw. The campaigns of
1305, G, and 7, in Austria, )lonivia, lfrandenburgh,

Prussia, and Poland, love no resernblauce to that
which Ilos 4earcrr will have to carry ou among
the Pyienee., in Navarrre, Catalonia, and WI .-
cay. Every peasant, every woman, and every
inhabitant, are hi Spnia, actors, nut specta-
tors. It is the milieu that he has outraged
here. Ho only contended with the Goveroments
iii his former wars. There he was uniformly suc-
cessful. In Spain, misfortune and disgrace have
hitherto attended on hie anus. Nor, while we be-
lieve in a Pi ~videace that presides over the attoirs
of Mat, and whirl) protect,. iunocence, while it
sooner or later punishes critifes, should we despair
that the cause of Spain will ultimately triumph
over perfidy, outrage, awl turpitude. however su-
perior may be the abilities which conduct them, M.
however awfully victorious may for a time have been
their career.

We yesterday announced the arrival of a Nies.
senger, with dispatches from America. Ilia name
is (lvanlN. Ile landed, on Sunday night, at Pen-
s:once, from the Union, of Philadelphia, with three
other gentlemen. The Union immediately sailed
for France with another Messenger, with dispatches
for the American Minister at Paris. The Phila-
delphia Papers contain no netts of any interest,
except an atiswcr of Mr. JI.FFERSON to another
Boston Address, wit;eli Ilthev,q, that he is resolved to
persevere in the measure of embargo. Cou4ress
is to meet on the 7th instant, at Washington, wbea
the great trial of strength will take plate between
the French and Auseriesln parties. The
Fede-
ralists, as the enemies of the embargo call them-
' selves, are confident of metes*.

One hundred and tifty UritiAm vessels are omen-
timmed to have left Quebec, with fall eorgoes, for
the various markets on the Spanish main, while time
ships of the United Suites are descriliell as rotting mu
their harbours, and their seamen either starving or
conspellel to enter into Jitrrnason's

A full Report of the Hampshire Meeting, held nu
Wed uesday at Winchester, to consider of au Add rest,
praying ad inquiry into the causes that led to the
Cooveation in l'ortupl, is given in our preee ling
columns. The Address was carried unanimously.

Yesterday we received a fresh set of German
papers, including the Hrumbergh Corresixpoleni,
of the 11th rod 14th last; but they content nothileg
of any interest.
The Jaimr, of Hall, HYMEN, is reported to be
lost in the Belt. It is stated that several vessels of
a convoy which sailed from Cottetiburgli on the
Iplis alt. bo ito the Baltic, have received ttn•h
damage by bad weather.
The Persercratter, Roseau, from London,
arrived at Icligohuid on (he 20th ult. atter twitting
otf the JamoJtattish privateer. of 14 guns, which
• they gAllatetly engaged fur au hour and tifteets
minutes.
Extract from a Philadelphia paper, dated Sept.
Seth By the arrival of the ship Trnre/ler.,
Captain RIctIARD %VAUD. at Salem. in 117 ilitys
from Calcutta, India Papers to the fah May have
been received by the of Mr Silem liTiger.
Letters receivwl at Bombay. dated Bussotah. 13th
:starch. stair, that Admiral PeLl.ew reached Bom-
bay I ith April. The absence of the Admiral from
the Calcutta station was regretted, and by some
even censured ; hat as uo public ileconot was given
of the movements on the Persian Gulph, the re -
0011.1 for his ennkiet could not be sufficiently knowu
for a eorree judgment of his disposition of his fleet.
Accounts 1-.)m Cantos to 14th March state, Obit
is consequ,,, e of the rich captures made by the
enemy. thy country ships were not permitted to
sail witliou, convoy. The Ladraties Lad beeotue
vett trouuiesonse to the coasting trade. The En-
glish ware .1 reying the Paracris, dangerous shoals.
in the par.., •i;tin of the Chiucbo stns. The French
frigate 1..• ''annut.i..r. of so sans, from Acapulco.
the S. NIS. coast of Now SiiNin) with S. 4,000,11)00
bad arrived at Mauillu."

mar
purt
jPI
the
ris.
kind
My
nal
CO4l
the
fort
hei
is
fall
be
sin
tic
to
DI
au'
co
tl,
Iv
of
ti
ft
A
V
ti
t 1
1
1
C
v.
h
f,
P.
F..
.•
It'
it
it
