THE 13RITISEL PRESS.

remelt belonging to states at amity with us, for the puts.
of so seizing upon, taking, and bringing away such per-
, 119 aforesaid, for whose diseoeet and orderly demeanour the
captains cane t answer ; and that they do take especial
that Al) unnecessary violence be done in offered to the
!, or to the remainder of the crowbfrom out of wnoch such
'shall be taken.
And on rase of their receiving information of any such per-
,er pertain b ing employed, or serving on board of any ship
yin belongine to such foreign state, being a state at amity
s or, we du authnrise and command our captains, inas-
others, commanding nur ships of war, to require of
avails or commander of such foreign ship of war,
he dos forthwith please and discharge such person or
bring our natural-born subject or subjects; and If
Tome and discharge shall be refused, then to trans-
it information of soic'• refusal to the commander in chief
the roldroit under syn.... orders such captain or cum-
•4:,,!l be then serving; which information the said
:(0.:.31 4.1 on Chu f is hereby a rocly directed and enjoined en
wart, Yoh the least possible delay, to our Minister residing
sib abe• 3t orGcarinmelit of that State to which Om said fto
vigil a 1..? a •ar -hall brining, or to our Lord High Admiral,
wLr C-inn t•siiiners of the Admiralty for the bole being,
realp ih,d or, being apprised of such proceeding, was forth-
nth ducat the necesnuy steps to be taken for obtaining re-
it... lrmn rite Gavernraient to which such foireign ship of war
bong, for the injury done to U 4 by the unwarranted de-
petiaa dour 'Laurel-born subjects nit the service of a foreign

has chess it has further been representel unto us, that
&ors ra•;aers and seafaring men, our natural-onrn subjects,
'water inieced to accept letters of rtwuratisation, or catta-
lo:et a/ themahip, from foreign states, and have been taugnt
gllelisre that, by such letters or certiti• ates, they are discharged
gia that duty of allegiance which, as our natural-boos .uh-
jrti they etre in us; now we do hereby want all suds magi
see,re,faring men, and other, our natural•ttern subj .04, that
Y such !men of naturalisation, or certificates of citaenshiri,
&or can, in any manner, divest our nate, •I-..urn subjects of
est.ziaoce, or to Si, deree aster the duty w tch they ewe
oar their lawful Sover.zign. Brit, in c •n,ideration of the error
too whirls itch mariners and scatsriog men as afor•+aid may
bpi aen led, we do hereby publien and declare our free par-
es% toil awn our subject:, who, relenting of the delusion
vale iilrch trey have acted, shall immediately, u,s,in know-
o!tha our Royal Proclarnationor.tfutraw themselves from
f,•sya wows, and return to their •IlegLeee to us; and we
di &din, that all such our s.sbrets, who shall continue in th
write ef fseriyn states, in disregiti and contempt of this our
lAO 1,, ',clam ition. will not only incur our just dr•plessure,
bet are hail: to b•• prueeeded against for such contempt, and
Cr.; Ire p•nee.dca against at:co:ding)! ; and we do swell, des
tare, tot if any •uch maste•s of shy., pilots, mariners, sea,
Aoh-minglits, or other seafaring men (being our natiral-
ki,o sod rt.) shad he taken its soy foreign re,!rv` a by the Al.
ya..iiesom o"er fdrrher) powers, and carried into slavery, they
du! no be reclaimed be or as suhjeas of G•eat Britain

Ani et d further notify, thst all such Inv rune.us ea dere.
who hunt toyed, It shall i•n.or, or voluntarily
let 'sort. terse on bnaid of Any .hips of • r.kr behniging to atm
'WC • stale at enmity with as, are and will be godly at b..th
Inman: And we d.. by tin. our Rasa! Proclamation Oars.,
an the, .hall be punished own the utmost severity of the law.
C..en at oar Court at the Queen's Palace, then stewith slat
oil ktober, one thnusand eight hundred rnd seven, and in
tin farty.sirschth year of our reign.
Gel MIT* the King.

LON DON,
MONDAY. (krona* 19.

RECONCILIATION WITH AMEIIICAI.

The misundnstanding with America, which has
proved a s4urce of so much anxious speculation,
may be now considered finally settled. In a for-
mer Paper we stated, that the wounded honour of
the United States was only to be healed by mark-
ing the conduni of the Leopard, in its attack upon the
Ctesgeadr, with the displeasure of the Br!,tish Go-
vetranc.A. This once granted, along with the re-
Vocation of all c'aim of right to visit ships of war,
we h izArdc.l art opinion that dye 6iendly relations
between the two countries woul.l oat receive any
hrt'ler interruption; and to this opinion sve a Ihere
The first of these two points was publicly conceded
rale days since The recal of Admiral 13m aptly,
within whose command, and by whose direa and
imam lixte authority, the affair of the Chem:l.4.'4,
took place, cannot be considered in any other light
than as a sacrifice to the wounded honour of the
Americans in that particular case. 'l•h: second
rat point cf disrut.., which is the general question,
aPPears, by a Proclamation in Tke Ger, the of Sam-
d'y oigl,t, to be also completely set at rest for ever.
This Proclamation, of which we give a faithful
e°l4. requires all British seamen in fofeit,n service
%okay& the same, and join British ships or return
borne ; it also commands all Captains of our ships
of war to stop every such person, be'ng a natural-
burn sojea of this kingdom, from entering into the
stvvice of any foreign St de ; and to seize, take, and
lung away all such persons found employed in any fo-
reign merchant ships; but enkAning all Commanders
le Pekmit no man to go on board of such vessels in
may with us. to seize such peritlns, for whose dis-
creet and orderly demeanour they canrot answer.
Tins insttudion is, however, confined to merchant
ships, and doss not extend to ships of war. In the
case of vessels of the latter description, uamely, ships
of war, the • it:ht of visit is not allowed ; but our
C..mmanders shall require of the Commander of the

foreign skip, to release anti distharge sech British
seamen ; and on refusal, to transmit information
thereof to the Commander of their squadron ; who
is to transmit information to our Minister, at the seat
of Goverment of the State to which the foreign ship
shall belong, or to the Lerds of the Admiralty,
that the necessary steps may be taken for redress.
Here the right of visiting ships of war, in the precise
manner it was exercised by the Leopard, in pursu-
ance of the orders of Admiral Brea 'Lev. is com-
pletely given up, and another course prescribed in
its place. This amounts to a complete abandon-
ment of all claim to search neutral ships of war; nor
does it stop here; for the recommendation of great
care and caution to be observed in the search cf
merchant vessels, is an indtred admission. that the
complaints so repeatedly urged by the Americans,
of irregularities committed by our cruisers in the
search of their merchant-men, are well-founded.
and consequently the precaution recommended
against their recur-ru-e, is 'a farther concession to
America. Under all these circumstances, although
the :real of re-.: teansen to their Country's service,
upon the ground of especial difficulty and danger,
be the prominent and most o emsible feature of the
Proclamation, it is an official declaration of the code
of maritime rights which we mean to observe in
our intercourse with America, in relation to the seve-
ral disputed points, as well as complaints, that have
been brought into discussion. These point; em-
brace the c n bid of the Leopard, the alleged itre-
yulsrities committed in the search of neutral mer-
chant vessels, and the arrogated claim of a right to
visit neutral ships of war. And, as in all these
three points, the Proclamation of our Government
has given full sstisfadlion, by the recal of Admiral
v, the injunction of regularity in the
search of merchant vessels, and the ahannorrment
of the tight to search ships of war, we do repeat,
that we must consider the Proclamati in as a decla-
ration of an amicable adjustment of all our differ-
ences with America. When this subjed was first
broached. we stated that there was a great and es-
sential distiniion between the right of search, as
chimed and exercised in relation to ships of war an•l
merchantmeo. In the case of merchan m-n, tri-
bunals are estahlished in every country, to which the
foreign and neutral owners may have redress for
any injury which th -7 may have sustained in the
exercise of that rite... b..- it the case of ships of war
they represent the awe ; ,Lnd between independent
states there is II / com:non tribunal to whic:. they
cto apply redress. The right of search, V:ere-
tore, if Pejo, ed by them, would en.. 44 every
ist,'y privateer, yr.:., a single gun in •her bow, to
commit an sed of hm: lty, and involve •wn friendly
=lot., in was when ••:-.• she please'; -: as there is
something revolting in this idea, groun.lio,c our opi-
nion upon the authority of sem! of the soundest
writers upon t e maritime law •f nations, we did
not hesitate to condemn the assumption of such a
principle.

We have received Harnsurgh papers to the 2d,
and Dutch papers to the 14th instant, inelud.ng Tie
Raba! Herds Ger:ette of the 11th. We have ex-
traaed from them various articles that are ,nterest-
ing, although none of them may be of much im-
portance. The new King of WISIPHALIA has
issued a Proclamation, dissolving the Denotation
of the States of Hanover ; and some part of the
dtstria of Rimslnb, in the ei-theant Bids ptie of
O.nahurgh, having resisted the colleaion of
taxes, the principals have been ordered to be
tried by a special commission, and the im-
posts to be doubled. For the other parti-
culars we must refer to our extralts. The
Dutch Papers contain two Decrees direfted against
our commerce, the one declaring that the property
already seized is not to go into the public treasury,
but to be applied to a sinking fond—the other de-
clares, that all neutral vessels, of whatever descrip-
tion, coming from, or going to, an English port, are
to be seized, and declared lawful prize.

Lieatenant-Cilonel sI•Q am a 11, of the 731 Re.
giment, arrived at the India-House on Saturday.
with overland dispatches from the Governments
in India. for the Court of Diretlors. Colonel
M•Qeaaate left Bombay on the 40th of March,
but was, on account of the war with the Turks,
obliged to take a long and circuitous roots from
Bussora. He travelled thence through Arabia. Cur.
distau, Per►ia, and by the Caspian, from Auscley to
Astracan. and thence through Russia, and by the
Baltic to England. The plague haying made its ap-
pearance lately in the city of Astracan, he was obli-
ged to perform thirty-five days quarantine at different
places between the mouth of the River Wolga and
the city of Moscow. before he was permitted to
approach the latter, and finally prosecute his journey.
He landed at Yarmouth on Friday night from on
board the Calypra brig, after having experienced
very stormy weather upon his passage•. Having
passed by Copenhagen, ha was charged with dis-
patches treat Lord CATSICAIT and Admiral Gatt-

i --

till. f-te is also the bearer of dispatches from the
Emperor of PiaslA. The Persian Gayer 'mem 1»s
appointed an Ambassador to 80:W.)4y, to el •y
to the India Comp4ny assnr 'flees of it.; itiei.is't p.

We announce, with plPas t!,a- oh I a:•
counts have been received of OR •i4oencrs which
Lately subsisted between the Itili ..:u.n7lny': ,er
vants at Canton ant the Chi les-. havv-.7, b en
amicably adjusted. At the time Col. 11,flus ease
left Bombay, the British possessions in I ilia wzre
in a state of perfea peace and tranquillay.

The Rolla gun-brig arrived on S.:titr In-, at
Portsmanth, alter a passage of weeks. from
Monte Video, having on bowl Colonel Mar, of
the 38th Regiment, and several other passengers.
Admiral Mussy had sailed from Woe V
with a part of his squadron, svhen the Rolla ,ailed
and the rest of the forces were to follow in a week.

A vessel is arrived at Falmouth from Opn-to,
which place she left on the 5,h inst. That putt was
expeaed to be closed on the 15:h.

An English frigate and sloop lately fell in with a
squadron of twepty gua-ads, off of wt.icli
they sunk ten, and drove four on shore.

N 3 doubt is entertainel of an eribarr having'
been laid u,)on all the British shipping in the port
of Russia.

1 he accounts from Lishol, brought by the we=
rivnt ia. are very unsatishaory. From the vague-
ne,s of some, and the contradiflory tenor of others.
it is impirusible to foresee what turn the affairs of
Portugal may eventually take. This is the more
surprazing, as every movement had:cue.] that a tea
days must decide the q In the present tin
certain state of affah •rstf: being completely at s
stand, after mimi essistia;t st ion, G ivernment, to re-
lieve the Merchants, issuz;! t::e tullowing Decree :

Taking into cons..teratinn the a-Ligation which, un4et the
poem circumstance", the vale o' Lisbon ha suffered, and
that toe knelt for payment of eng 'lemon ti on the .11/4 fix .1
saw not be ready, wing to reeleptetentuhte iduch could not
be f iresecn ; sod wishing to co,ik a Illtalata v which may re-
serve uninapained the ctectit thy,

•s I deer; it proper, ...at the .a• oo whi•:h the bland Bill,
(and no others) thall tea doe, ma. be ?roh.:lged three .uunth•,
At he end of which they are .0 the., lull fame as wet.
tower~ leeeptats u d•ewers and en hir.ers ; a beatg ;.cyerthe
Fees node ood that peyote... roar • ...liner y be glade with
in the teal granter!, at the dt,.•re•inn 0( those that way chose
to dose."

[Her. (401111 tor Prinee. Rubrr-k
As the very means of satiety suggest .he idea old in
ger, this I..).f,ree, tvoith was publi►hed on the 28. h
Sept.•m - . pr.J.luce-1 an of edt direaly oppsite to
the i.‘t-nde 1, and the public mind became s.. muci
alarmed u,xsi the departure of the f•ench
Span,sis Ambassadors, the Secretary al State found
it neees,ary to send th,, folk .g communication to
the koyal Beard of Dimmer, r, Agriculture, Ma•,a-
facturos, aim Navigation of Portugal s
*. Our S-ivereig.,, the Prance Regent, has it not in I. power
to prevent the dirparture from this an to H. C.ithoi.c Ma-
j...ti's Aotrwwado•, and of the Charge d' rev to His Ma.
jetty the Emperor and Ki-.g of Idly; Ito has, notwithstanding,
eel -grounded that th.ir abvenee only be teal ;iota. y,
and that it wol not lie followed tio ►y say boit.buire o:, the lent
of the above Soveleigin, with whom it is Ht• Royal Hrtir-
no.s•. wish to inai•ita n that good ha.mony and cutee.pond.•n
wet have hitherto .übsismilictieen them; which I :inn!,
limp., to mate to your tact:knee, that you may wake tile
Same town to the Royal Nord or Cm-amerce, to be ►y them
ghablistied whot^ser it may he nc-at.ary.
(SIN • " ANT. DE A RAUJO AZEVEDO.
" Palacio d Ajuda, 2d Oct. 15:7."
The Lrtr•r Belt corvette, the first of the Danish
fleet, and three transports, laden with naval stores,
from Copenhagen, have arrived at Yarmouth, under
convoy of the Cei.yre sloop of war. The r.at of
the fleet is hourly ezpeaed.
Disp•:tches were received on Saturday at the Ad.
mira'.y tr,,rn Admiral Gametal. by the &rain:
gun-brigs tae may information of &Met eat whica
they communicate, refers to the lou of the Reillenr
sloop of war. All her officers. it is stated, wise
absent in prizes; the rest of her crew, it is appre-
hended, have perished.
Mr. Mevaoa sailed on Friday, from Cowes, in the
Reorege schooner. tor America.

Several Danish hallow n are now on their pas-
sage to Europe, and two barge vessels, order the
Danish flag, were about to sail from Trviquehae,
at the date of the late accounts, freighted with
Dutch property.
Jeassaiati AAAAA , Esq. is the gentleman re.
commended by the Coon of Direftors of tir Yank
of England to fill up the vacancy in the Direttions
occassomd by if,litt Wats. noes, E.q. being ap-
pointed Deputy Governor.
Gallen and Greases are matched to fight, in
March, for .200,guineas a-side.
Late sitters up will have opportunities, until
twelve o'clock to-night, of possessing many chai,ees,
by a small expenditure, of making their fortunes, if
not already in the possess on of one ; and, perhaps,
so very speedily, as by the events of to-morrow
Early risers may acquire, likewise, cis dices for
this great end, from eight to ten to-morrow morn-
ing ; for at the latter point of time, Foitu..e's
Wheel will go mad, and begin to dispense. to her
persevering votaries, Lottery Prises of the Kee
amount ever contained in a Scheme of only 20.040
Tickets.
Odoher divi lends are now paying at England's
great Bank, the dour of which is d.reOlv opposi,e
J. WAIIINCR'S State Lottery Otfi:e. 16. Col nhilla
where. it is expefted Fortune will distrihnre her
largest favour iu the Lottery which begins Drawing
Next Tuesday, namely, the Gr. nd Price of 40.0001.
J. W. would think himself remiss in his attenti iii to
the Public, was he not to recommend then Mssed,-

ately laying out a part of their receipts, in order that
the next dividend they receive may he incr,ased in
the additi,mal sum of 1001. a year by the purchase
of a Ticket, or 10001. year by a half Shsre..sool
a year by a quarter Snare, 2S )%. a year by an eighth
Share, and MI a year by a sixteenth Share. t inm
the very great dema.'d already, he presume: Jisap.
pointmea may be the lot of tho.e whe del iy that
purchase any longer. .1 me Schemes trans, ai.d
Prizes paid immediately they are &Awn, bum the
loweet hill to the Grand Prise of 40.0u0L

DRUR NZ.
On Satur UT night, Mist Lrnn a third time pet-
formed the part of Rosetta, in,qte Opera of Lars is►
a Villa:e s she appeared to muOli a:Jeanne, and
er•cuted the songs in the mosr beautiful style. As
her fears wear away, her musical talents expand*
and fulfil the expefiations which bar dehe so justly
excited. This Lady promises to be, in a very short
tins-, the greatest acquisition the musical depart-
ment has received for many years. Mr. Smirks im-
proves, and, when mellowed a little more, will also
can acquisi•: str y's tru'r comic perform-
ance of the COJt. cclntr:Ltv ,1 a ,t a title to the comic
effee of the piece. He was admirably supported
by f'tin ca. fhe whole performance received the
most unbounded applause from an elegant and
crowd-d andie.lce .h- farce of The Much Ma-
14P. Miss MiLLON a d Mr. IslAvrisaws were very
successful.

... • •
retell belonging to dates at amity with us, for the d
seizing upon, taking, and bringing away melt
as aforesaid, for whose distract and orderly demeanour
•l ea cane t answer ; and that they do take espe
tint no unnecessary violence be done or offered is
,a to the remainder of the crowbfrom oat of wn.ch s
shall be taken.
W ie ease of their receiving information of any soch I
be it b ing employed, or serving on board of any
fit belonging to such foreign state, being a state at as
•car. we do authorise and command our captains, c
aid others, commanding our ships of war, to repairs
captain is commander of such foreign ship of
he do forthwith relesse and discharge such person
bring our natural-born subject or subjects ; an
Tomo. and discharge shall be refused, then to tr
inflimation of secl• refusal to the commander in c
:the muldron under w 00... orders such captain or c
olrrsliin be then serving; which mformatlon the
stricly directed and enjoine
)0.4n do in Clan( whereby
woo, rank the least possible delay, to our Minister roe
et tse• 3t otGcreanmeot of that State to which lbw sad
if •or -hall belong, or to our Lord High Adm
i•ooners of the Admiralty for the tiite bas
;g▪
ado th,it re, being spouted of such proceeding, was ft
with d:rsot the necesoaty steps to be taken for obtaining
Erf4 hme rose Government to which such foreign ship of
worig, for the injury done to us by the unwarrantet
dour natural-born 'objects in the service of a fur
elms it has further been represents I unto us,
goes nrCers and seafaring men, our natural-Dorn subj,
ho, twee Uttered to accept letters of iiaturaliaation, or ce
gum ale hamship, from foreign states, isi.d have been to
imbelita that, by such letters or certift• aces, they am discha
fun that duty of allegiance whieh, as our natural-born
en., they see In us; now we do hereby want all such a
str,f,ong men, and other, our natural•born subj •04,
such Ivan of naturalisation, Or Cett:testet of citcert
db, of can, in any manner, finest our natal subjec
▪ aire...miiee, or to toy drivel aster the duty w telt they
Ow
their lawful Sorer4n. Rath in c •ruideraton of the
len which toch warmers and scalsriiig men as stfor-said
law been led, we do hereby publran and declare our rim
ass mil sacs our subjects, who, relenting of the dell
obtollech they have acted, shall imnsoiliately, u,ion k
telg, el this our It oval Proclarnationor.t 'draw themselves
f times, and mans to. their •liegi..siee to us; An
4,,,kckft, nut all such our sob tits, who shall continue
voiced foreign states, in tiltreffliti and contempt of thi
will not only incur our just displee
b‘,; are hail: to b., prueeeded against for such contempt
yr.; In poice.ded against accoidingty ; sod we do new,
4.a0, Nat if any ,uch triaste•s of shy., pilots, mariners
ll:3,4l,,wriglitt, or other seafaring men (being our n.
h sod ;es.) shad be taken iii airy foreign .cis' 'a by th
ya..owsom teler Barbary powers, and carried into slavery,
not be reclaimed by or as subjeas of Graat &item s
Awl we d . further notify, thin all such reit
ed, who hare voluntarily a reared, ier shall i.n.er, er volts
era :surto terve at !maid of any .hips of war belonging
Fee. nate at sornate with its, are and will be guilty of
Wool: And we do by this our Rusal Proclamation il•
Olathe? shall be paneled with the utmost severity of eh
Csen at oar Court at tne Queen's Palace, the si
oil/ember, one thousand eight hundred sod seven,:
tin farty•sesenth year of our reign.
God save the King.
13RITISEL PRE
LONDON,
MONDAY. ()cecina* 19.
I:FCC/NC/W/10N Wlrlf AMEIIIC.I
The misunderstanding with America, which
proved a source of so much anxious "nut.
may be now considered finally settled. In
ran Paper we stated, that the wounded hone
the Cleited States was only to be healed by r
ing the condo& of the Leopard, in its attack upc
Viesitpalr, with the displeasure of the Br;:ist
vernme:-.t. This once granted, along with tt
anncAtion of all c'aim of right to visit ships of
we h itarded an opinion that rht liiendly relr
betwren the two countries woul.l nit recite.
hri'ler interruption; and to this opinion re a.
The fir of these two points was publicly con
rime days since The recal of Admiral 13aii
within whose command, and by whose dire,e.
items Irate authority, the affair of the Ches
took place, cannot be considered in any °than
than as a sacrifice to the 'rounded honour
Americans in that particular case. The s
Great point cf dierut.., which is the general qtu
appears, by a Proclamation in Tke Gar, eta of
ddy night, to be also completely set at rest for
This Proclamation, cif which we give a fa
°PI. requires all British seamen in foeeit,n s
%okay& the same, and join British ships or
home ; it also commands all Captains of our
of oar to stop every such person, be'ng a sit
burn 'Oka of this kingdom, from entering in
:trice of any f.sreign St tte ; and to seiae, take
ring away all such persons found employed in
reign merchant ships; but enjining all Comm
" Pefinit nu gnarl to go on board of such yes
amity with us, to seize such persons, for who
erect and orderly demeanour they cans ot
This instrußion is, however, confined to me
ships, and dots not extend to ships of war. I
case of vessels of the latter description, uamely
(4 wal. the • i;:ht of visit is not allowed ; bt
(;
Qual.m.ler‘ mall require of ills Commander

• ..Q•
e. - . .. .
THEArRL.
