SAMPtilttD Griosr.

The Rev. 'Mr. Calton het published en Appendix
to kis former Pamphlet, relative to this extraor-
dinary story, in which he controverts almost every
0.,e of the alleged farts in the ititemetits iu The
Taunton Courier; ant states as a proof that the ex-
traorlinory noises, ;re. have not ceas-d—thot Mr.
Sully, an Excise Officer in that neighbourhood,
hurl ttely made an affidavit," That on Friday, Sept.
11. he went, about te.. at night, into a cliumber,
deicri:.eti as hark; a large modern window in it;
—that he desired Mr. entire and Mr. Tat lor to
walk op with him, and to place thentselve• at the
window, and on no accouut to move from it--.9nit
Nlr. then held the door in Isis hand that leads
ft om th • larger into the lesser room, in-which lesser
?own t ..i!ngloo +onsnan y slept—tout Sally was cant-
te-11 with Airs. Chine daring the chafe of iltattinas
in another spartmeut, at Mr. Sully's request. While
S. held this door half alien in his hand, which
do it is about three feet from the foot of the lied in
.rhich thi, woman slept, lie clearly and distinctly
I:e:rd something corning up the stairs—he heard it
;.laialy era's the anti-chamber, and cuing it;ani the
bed in which this Walltill as.. It immediately beat
it.r violent ly, priaeipally, as Mr. S. co ti Id percent: by
he somids, over the hips and legs. In the midst of
thew, tiows,a bile they were at their grearst height.
hr iiistvitunircrisly thrt White door fully open, the
moon shone very /right thiectly two the apittinent :
had any thi.ig material attempted to e.;capo, he
affirms he mast hove aren or heard it, as the win-
(Lev is very tirite (lecapving two-thirds of the
li,earlth of the whole room). He is, quite positive
that he heard and ,ter tire hung escape, and that Mr.
Taylor and .Ir. Ctiave kept their position at the
j11,111W."

Toe Appends[ eenclurles with an affidavit sworn
before the :11.1% or of fiverion, en the -27th ultimo.
by Chive. William Taylor. James Dodge.
and Sally C ise, that they are entirely ignorant of
the ....use of all the extraordinary circumstances
which have occurred at thf, 6,in.e of Mr. Chave.

g BeixEaa.---The lung pendia) enrich bets ixt
Cri6 the celebrated pugilist, and A/o/y/reaix the
aspiring 'lack, was to have been wade yesterday,
fur a considerable stake. besides a swlrseriptioo
purse. 'rlie Gentlemen who were in attoml ,nce to
bsck Crib, were disapirunved at the norr-appear-
MICE of Aiaynedz's friends, who had uJt evcia the
caticieseeimien to eigirity their intentiui.s. Thus
the black, who is eager for coinhat with no other
man thAir Crib, was left iii the lurch; and inost
likely. as he lme nu dependance on his proposed
bicker., the match will never take

A sults and boa wife, ss;su were leis in the care of
a Gesolesis,a, house in Mary-le-hone, disposed of
the greater part of the property at a Pasentiroker'a;
and, on the man bring taken into custody yester-
day, nu It sa than is hundred an ' ty-6.e dupli-
cates were found in his po.eerion !

The aauvass for Comoros Cooncilmro het al.
re.oly commenced io the City. where the contest
ou St. Thomas's Day is expected to he unnm diy
Pine new catolMates are said to be already
annoa wed.

-
The Athoard, Er.ttorr, from Virginia, has ar-
rived at Ramsgate, walla the lass of twu anchor mkt
caLles
_ _

Nlr. E. Pumas, jun. of Dover, who went on
Mo.v!ay •n Sandwich to see a brig launchtll, which
had beet' built there, and of which he wee. a part
owner, wt's takes; ill an his arrival, and expired soon
after. Ile had been ill some -nine since, but was
suppoiert to have licea perfectly recovered.
Oa Sunday last, Park Chapel, in eltel-ea,whieh
has been repaired am! rut sfged, was ripened for di-
vine service. The Los. Hisnow of the diocese
preached a most excellent clisilnirae for rite benefit
of a public charity. as !torsi Histiito-ss tl'c Doke
of Sessrot, Preettlet.t of the Aust•tistiou in question.
:wended upon the occasion, and was reseited with
the honours due to his exalt..o rank by the Queen's
lloyAl 'Volunteers. Several chorus-s were Per-
ftrmed its a roost excellent st,le by protettiounl
singers, and hit Royal Highness the Duke' of
KENT'I band.

COONSEI.LOR IPDONVE'LL'S CPRECH
Continued Groat our pet:Wing Pal a.

Ear *us IV. Cicineut VI I. 'Alex inder I Victor
Pet •r De Litct. w:tu silted him•el ti-ne•tiet
XIII. io.d :natty others, were elec ed •, • mjwily
of C ord.no.s. who sacred th ince! •es o tie ii •
flu.nced hr s nine of the Cruaro-lv, t t.
of thaw iwrscms so elected were ever recrt_oiz it by
the Church ; on the coutiary. sine of th,,11 were
deposed by General Council*, as was the e.se of
lEogenitus, swim wttA &11/11.rd tiv the Outwit of
otheri .tt ere totally rejected by the Cuo eh ;
mid where it li:sppeard that smother esudi.lete was
approved of by the free and indite-ad-tit members
of the. Conel ire, although fortniux the minwity.
this candidate has beet declared ifuly elected Pore,
cud receivr.t. Now, Gentlemen, I would sok you.
Iva I nut borne out by these facts in my first pain
tom T or is it to be supposed that the whole Ca.
tholic Church will, to oblige a tyrant who be, be, a
its greatest enemy forget the rowdy and div,hity
of its character, and &este from that wny in eth Ch
it has travellid for !Soo years; fur. unl•se. tt sio
it is completely impotsibir that etch a met vas Car.
sluice Fesche sh old ever he recognized l'aise; um/
I am perfectly convinced that even shooed he be
appoinici to-morrow, there is not* single Cetnolie
Priest in I eland who would recognize his appoint-
inert. I come now to my second asver:on. that
eves though C41.1-final Fesche should be Pope, it
is morally impossible for him to inju e i.s any de•
gree the ri_:!its of the Ki•ig in this kingdom ; all
that I raid on the outset hears directly on this
point, and therefore I will not repeat thee" NOVI"
meats, but ia.• rely read to tour rtculleettou that
Cardinal Fes( i.e most of necessity meet an iminsi
cibl oppluitinn in the numerous o lass of allegi.
ai,cc. the dn:nestic education of cur Priests ; and
more than all, in the necessary consequ• Dees of the
groaing liberality of our Prorenraot Brethren; fir
with all oar fault. we still arc Irishmen. and th ere.
fore cannot t,r ini,ceptible of ingratitude. Awl here •
I think it right so state a fact. to .hew the &pow
si.ious of our ai.hatal tOtOarde Poisaiorte:—the
Irish S;od.mts in Lisbon, hiving been Devi ed- be
him to come to Frsoce. and take p o...e:ilia, of
the Colleges which they held before the Rea in.
lion, sot the establishments stitched to them.
the Students applied to. their Bishops foe toeir. .
edifice and direction*. and the His opt info. awl
them that if they did accept of such elf
of any other offer rooting from that quarter.
they a t on:y would not ordain them, bat would
out suffer ti.ein to officiate in any dietetic irs Ire.
hod. I ask you then; Gentlemen,. are those tlilt
men whose loys:ty should he assailed by such Stab.
by, side-wind insionatioes ? There are two other
points of view, in which it in necessity to eistwitter
this rare, and to which all .theta slat ultimately
refer:, the first relates to the prosicability of rat tw
log tiny such power as in required. to the Crean;
end, stebodly, supposing the practicability, we
west consider the policy of the asearetoos We&
1 recto the State.

It is 'ridiculous to say that It is.not any pewit:Le •
power which is sought to be vested in the Croon
• for it is manifest that may men whether low
-call it iiegative or affirmative,, moot hove a ppd..
live operation. flippose you gr lit'', the Lug,
not the power of nomination lionanwalty. but the
power 'of rejection; does it not altimstely
amount to the same, inasmuch as so woomioatios
can take effect without the mascot of ties Crows
being fine obtained ? And now do you not see
the evil consequences that may follow the invest..
such a power in the email l Poe althoisalt
the King, or rather bis,Minktera, may twit have
it in their power to nominate als unfit pinata in the
first lOSiallre. nevertheless they nets lit, by eel est it
rejection, keep tho See tamest unt I some such per-
e. . sun should be propos d. The truth is, there nay r
was such a power of nomination as is now songht
granted to Protestant Prince. Never bad soy
person of s elitferent religious persuasion the right
of nominating at appointing Bishops in the Catholic
Church. This may appear miter a haidy ossens
tion. after what has been so often mated by the ad.
TOSOWS of this Pao, but I pope to be able to sine
tisfy you that lam justified lie my assertion. "%eve
advocates immediately refer you to Passim; aid I
really think they could not hare selected a more nes
happy el +aspic ; but I suppose it is the best they
could produce. It was is the year 1700 that Fie.
derick 1. was suffered.to our the title of King rif
Prussia. From that time until the year 17404
there were not ally Catholic states in that burg.
dom ; bat its the latter year. Frederick 111. seised
on Silesia, and annexed it to his•lonxtition.
tharto the nomination to the Catholic Bishopris
• in Silesia was ecet•ii in the Itiniiener ; out when the
Government of Silesia bec,me Protestant, the
mode of appointment ass altered. and it is now in
Prussian Silesia as it is in Irsland. Do wes
tuterev.r, uttlyrtqe, that no attempt was M•kde to
continue the appointment in the governing poste,
but that attempt was resisted. sod resisted si
effect—md yeti 6eid his Holiness Benedict IV.
id a letter to the Bishop of Breslau; in 1746,
statine. " in the whole Ecclesiastics' History there
is not recorded g single easuisle of alkraina tile
appointment of a Clitholio B shop or Abbot to a
Sovereign of soother Bellow." I thiik Glades
men assist 'acknowledge that I am pretty well
supported up to the year 1746. You see the
anestioa been always considered purely lica
cleviastical : a Catholic Prince could hive no wilt
to destroy or injure the religion he profeaad—
but it dyes nut follow that the same confidence
should be placed in a Pointe twolessing and main-
taining another religion.—is If I were a Protestant
(said the Speaker). I should never consent to have
the guardians and pasi.in of my Church sp.
pointed by Ca,holies." And jou may alarm with
what jealousy the Legislature has proadi d
such an event—for by reference to the 10th me.
tie* of the Act of 17d3. to which the Kleist
lion. Gentleman has adverted. jou will bed it
parneulady unaided, that no Papist shall Waal.
lowed to nominate to any benefice whistever.-s.
In the same us you sissy ohlwrire, that in
the Convention adored into between his Holiness
and the French Government. in Septeueliev HMI;
it is apes ifically agreed, that in case any of the sue.
angora of the Chief Consul should not be • itomsa
Catholic, then the isominitton to the Bishops' Sees
iv to be regulated with regard to him by s sew Con.
oetaiou. Whew we are labeling the practicability

of the measure, we cannot pass oiler the Resolu-
tions adopted coil published by our Pielater, rela-
tive to this point—resolutions which I will ever
maintain have proved them to lie pious Pastors,
zealous Catholice'smil loyal subjects; and which of
themselves arifficietitly demonstrate the (idiocy of
those arguiereuto which seek to prove there is a ne-
cessity to resort any such measure of taut 1111 l et
the present moment. These Re.olutiona acknow-
ledge the incompetency of the Irian Church to ac-
Cede to any measure of domestic appointment: and
they declare the inexpediency of making any .Ite-
ration in their present ecclesiastical systein:—(ll ere
Mr. MiDomiell read several of those Resolutions,
both of 1808 and IMO, and animadverted on each.)
—We now come to consider this proposed measure
with reference to its proitalile political consequences.
It must immediately strike the mind, that it is im-•
possible for His NI iirstry.or the Lord Lieutenaut, to
ascertain the uterus er dgiserits of the Priests who
may be proposed, and-of course the matter must be
referred to the Country Gentlemen, ruck of whom
will have hie own friend or favourite to advance. if
he eau. Anti here I ask, must not the least tospiLacus
amongst von anticipate a thousand little iotrigues
and factions between the crafty Priest and mere
crafty Statesman ? 1, for my own part, shudder at the
nuinberless evil consequences which I forretr to he
inevitably resulting from such a system. We shall
have continual broils, as well between the Coinitry
Geutleinan and the Bishop, as between the Gen-
tlemen themselves, at every vacancy of • Bishopric.
Each Gentleman will wish to have the patronage of
the parish iu winch lie lives ; this will be opposed by
the other Gentlemen, and the Bishop may oppose
them all: they will not forget to remind hislteverence
of the interest they made for him ia the Castle at
his election ; and thus every vacancy of a parish will
originate fresh feuds and riots, and we shall have
nothing but intrigue and deceit, in the room of
religion amid honourable impartiality. I assure
you, Gentlemen. I do not ground apprehensious
on mere anxious conjecture, or theoretical sur-
mise. You have heard some very good stories
front different Geutlenteu this day. cud I woe
think it almost tre that I should tell you one :
—Some five or six years ago, • parish, not many
miles distant front this town became vacant, cud
was filled again by as good and as loyal • in 40 as
ever lived, who was duly and canonically appoint-
ed by the Archbishop: but a certain family, think-
ing no doubt that they bad as good • right to ap-
point the Pariah Priest as the lsaiish Constable, set
on foot a moat violent prosecution ag iinst all nn-
offending priest.—[Here Mr. RFD. was interrupted
be Col. H. Browne, who called very loudly on hr
Sheriff to enforce order ; but the Sheriff awl the
rest of the meeting having unanimously called on
Mr. NED. to proceed, he the occordingly. coin.
Shell be always grateful to any Geut.who
shall set isie right when 1 sin out of order. I as-
sure the gallant o:Acer I do list wish to mistate any
fact ; soil 1 will take it as a personal favour from .
any Gentleman. wbe will correct use if I am in er-
ror ; however, I cannot help exprissing my surprise
that the gentleman should feel so very much alive
to order at this particular Umbilici.. and must leave
it to the meeting to guess at the reason. I must
sots resume my story : Gentlemen, that persecution
was set on foot fur no other reason in life. than be-
cause the Priest was not a man according to their
wen heart, and of their own appointment : they :lc-
twill), routed him from house to hou,t-. ordered his
parishioners not to entertain him in their houses—
and this system brought on • tit of the jaiindice, mid
the pony man quitted the pariah almost lifeless. Bo
much fur your Vete and Lay interference! I coufess I
feel all my appreitencons justified even by this oue
one fact.—Another consequeoce which would fol-
low the concession of such • power to the Cruwu
would be the great accessiou ofinftuence which it
would bring to the Crown itsedf. We are all equal-
ly concerned in this consideration, whelier Ca-
tholics or Prate.tante. Already our towns and vil-
la:" are 'Mid with Military and Naval ()Six's.
Officers of Excise and Casten', and Clergymen of
tar Establislied Relogiuo, all looking forward to
pi °motion. and consequently anxi.los to rapport
the claim* and advance the wishes of that Power
whose favour they court. If to these were to be
added smother set of Clerical ()Seers, holding daily
communication with the peasantry iif the country,
sod possessing an influence over thrill, consider_
able at 'activist (hut I trust out likely to co 11111 l ue
so if they should agree to On. infamous Veto),
would out the friends of constnutional liKerty have
much to dread from such a 'tate of things ? I am
perfectly sieiseed that it would be very difficult to
d-vise ray measure more hostile to the libeny of the
&onkel. than this very I'eha,,—.llere I sin led to coo.
11.. h r ship de-Aomori of I.berty given by the Ruck
Han. Gent.; and really a more curious one I never
heard ! He tells vow. that liberty consists It the
security of person ii liberty and property : that may
mean a great deal. or very little, just as he pleases.
I will mow give another deinitioie certainly not as
my son. and beg to know if it meets the apprisba.
tiou of the Right Nn Gentleman. " Civil of po-
litical liberty is moan liberty. so far restrained by
'lonian laws, and no farther. as is necessary or rape.
dieet for the pubic good." (Mr. B. nodded assent.)
—Then I will wilt the Right How. Gent. is he not
come here this Sly for the purpose of declaring that
the Penal Laws affecting the Catholics ate not either
necessary or expedient for the public good? and
defy soy other conelusiou to be drawn from these
premises. but that the Catholics are uniseces-
eerily deprived of liberty. and coosequently victims
to the horrors of slavery : can he then continue to
complain of the misapplication of the word Ewan-
? I am proud to state that I feel my anx-
ieties ail to the evil consequences likely to result
(tom such P Measure, supported by the opinions of
of a man whose opinion never we. disrespect, d, I
meat the late Edmund Burke. I hold in my heed
an extract from a letter writtea by him t.. a Peer
in Ireland. in which he treats of the subject pretty
freely —Libre Mr. il•Ctiviinell read several passages
from the letter, one of which staled distinctly, twit
never Wert' the ineintwrs of one religious sect ht to
appoint the linear* to another. Otli. r. pointed out
the persons most 11.4111 e or .moat oirensive to the
eatholivo as this., twist likely la be simulated by
the Court. Mr. M•Doroislt also read a passagedyer:ma to the depticity of Chestertiehl, and
then pi —And here, Gentlemseu. I assist
✓are,. a hope that we have no Chesterlield a
• units oho. *lisle Japan the crelltality‘7l%

Catholics glib title words and fair promises, makes
other promises Mother places. Let us not hear any
more about patience for a few years—Heaven knows
we have been patient lung enough—our patience is
stow our of the strongest links in our chains, for it
has in some degree sanctioned the tyranny of our
masters. I am as great an advocate for temperance
as any man can be, but l never will recommend
patience to a slave—it is adding insult to oppres-
sion. Here, then, it the simple case : the Council
Of Trent has invested in the Pope the right of no.,
taineting Bishops to govern the Church—and the
Catholics err called upon to repeal or alter the de-
cree of that Council. Their Pope has said they
cannot—their Bishops'tell them they cannot—coin-
moo sense tells them they catitiut.—Mr. Burke
tells them they ought not. But all these authori-
ties must vanish as of no consequence, because
some worthy gentleman tells 'oil that you can and
ought, because forsooth it is only a niece point of
discipline you alter. But, I rak, is there any church
or. religion without discipline ? fact, they ad-
vise us to become schismatica, for the Greek
Church has not done more than they desire from
us, and yet the members of it have ceased to be
Catholics. Really. Gentlenien, the more I reflect
on this measure, the more ridiculous, dangerous,
and offensive I feel it to be—and of this 1 sin con-
vinced, that 909 out of the Woo Catholics are of
my way of thinking. I feel I have trespassed too
long un your patience by my arguments on this
subject, but I sincerely assure you that I felt it ra-
ther
a matter of duty than of choice to state to you
the different reasons which I, as a Catholic nod
citizen, felt for objecting to this measure. Fie
myself. I mast positively declare that I will rover
cousent to Arent to the Ministers of a Protestant
Prince. soy power. authority, influence, or con.
tr.', direct or indirect. over the nomination of our
Bishops. I feel that as a Catholic, I could nu! ; as
an Irishman, I would not ; no, rather may the mot-
row'sPtin shoot his clowning beams on the soil that
shall cover me. than I shall ever condescend to any
such ignominious compromise of religious feeling
for political rank. We have heard a great deal at
this meeting of French principles and Freud) ty.
Many, and the wicked conduct of Bonaparte to-
wards the Pope. I agree with the Gentlemen as to
the greater part of their animadversions ; but I
really think it would he a very eetraurdioary way
fist trs to prove our indiguatiou at such conduct of
the tyrant, that we should. by theenforcement of the
• Veto, follow his example so fares in our power, and
pluck another of the few remaining jewels frotu the
tiara of his Holinesa. For myself. I tolicerely de-
. elare that I do hold French principle, and French
influeriee iu such abhorrence, that I would rather
wander over the heath, and pine away and perish
on the nionotaius of my country, than stoop to
be the al jest slave of such • wretch as 800/made;
Inc, under such a Governinecit, every subject is
a slave: do not, however, imagine that it is bemuse
he has raised himself from obscurity to lea present
rank, timt 1 coudetnii hint—l care slot whither he
he Napoleon Ist, or Napo!eott the 91st; it is Fe-
cause he is a tyrant, mid I hate tyrant)), that I
abominate him. But. Gentlianeii. I Cuolebb that
I do not feel any of
those
appTellt4mintis or aluntis
Went Frenchmen, or Freoch invasion, %latch seem
M taut+ to ak,,itate the
French army hes sheerly learned, and sorely fest
ire the sands of Egypt, the plants of Italy, the
mountains of Spain, mod is. the marshes of
theren, what reception they are to mart from
Irish heroe.., aye. from Irish Catholic heroes; and
if a cordial rialto:artistic unanimity was one ests-
amongst us, I declare that 1 would fear
Bonaparte just as much as I would fear the Grand
Turk. The Nom Colonel liruwne has protested
against the revivai of unpleasant feelings, by any
&litigious to the unfortunate events of lifr
' and I do moat willingly declare, there was not
a single sentiment expressed it this meeting, *lnch
Met snore cordial conciterence on my part. 1 feel
no desir- to turn b .ck to that page of the history
of my country, it which we could behold the faults
and frailties of our dear devoted land depicted in
characters of blood. No, any foeuda—let us con-
sider ourselves as a regenerated race of mess, and
let us, by our unanimity this slay, make some re-
paration for the evil* which followed our past dol-
phins —Nun, as to the Petitiou proposed by my Hon.
Friend (Sir S. 0' al do admit that it may,
afire some centuries. be cmsidered an historical
rtocanient of some valet 1 but 1 most lament that I
am compelled to object to it. for two reasons. The
first ohjrction is. that it states asa fact, that which
I do not believe to be on—that noise of the penal
laws were enacted in the present reign. I have tint
any disposition, nor perihelia ehility, to state those
restrictive laws enacted in the present reign; but I
cast refer Gentlemen to a work, which proves with
equal force the soundness of the head awl of the
heart of the author ; I allude to Me. Partial's Ws-
tory tf Me Penal Code ; there you may learn, that
some very severe inquisitorial lows were enacted •in
the range of His present Majesty ; and also that it
was in the present reign that Catholics were, for the
first (tine, excluded by statute front Legislative As-
semblies. My second objection to the Petition is,
that it calls on Parliament to connect fresh securitii a
for the Church and State with Catholic Emancipa-
tion. Geed God ! Gentlemen. if your Church is
not secure, secure it without referring to Catholii
I Emancipation. If your Church is endangered, meet
the danger manfully; enact more 'renal laws, but
do not hold seer that word security, as • sort of
stop-cock. to shot the mouths of the Catholics
whenever they 'vinare to complain. Do not re-
sort to Ina measures ; they are always content prible.
and seldom successful. These getters', indefinite
espressioos in the petition, not only do net exclude
a Veto, hot invite gometlimg like at. To he ore
the wottliy Baronet tells us lie a!iiiminates the Veto.
• sad the alight Hon. Gent. tells the Sinte—hut uri-
ther of them will tell us what they want in place
of it. Why not (to use a modern Parlissnentary
phrase) give WI something in • tangible shape,
that we may know what is required, before we are
i cited to refute It. Indeed the Right Hon. Gen=t.
tells you, that he only desires to prevent French de-
legate. coming into the country. Surely he cminot
require any new laws for that purpose. But Gen-
theme tell you toot this is not the proper place nor
the proper time to discuss this subject. To that I
would suswer—if you are icia very cautious about
dictating ID your Parliament, why not leave it to
that Parliament to consider whether any each at.

rangements or provisions ore at all to-ceitury 34 4
must acknowledge, without nieitiniig the sliOlie►h.
disrespect, that the argunieuts resorted to by Gen-
tlemeis in defence of those undefined s, or
that nonotescript, that—we know not what-it-Imre
no other effect on my mind, than to establish,. too
conviction, that this accursed Fero, in every mode.
ficatiou, is nothing else than a snare fur the un-
wary, a stalk.nig-horse for hypocrites, soil a subter-
fuge fur isgmt.. And now, Gentteinim, harbor
trespassed so long tin your indulgence, it is time
should come to a conclusion. I have not thought it
necessary to resort to any argument to prove the
advantages that must result from entliolic Eman-
cipation ; there is no man who does not, in the
language of the Address, feel that the enjoyment
of liberty is the surest pledge of loyally. You
have heard Gentlemen, this day, very good and
hosiditul in their advice to their Catholic brethren
before I sit down, I would beg leave in re-
turn to address myself to my Protestant brethren
for one moment—and with every deference, and
respect, and regard.' to submit to their better con-
sideration soy very tumble but very sincere ad-
vice. Remember, mylriends, that those whirls
pally concerned in your decisions this day are your
neighbours mud relatives—have you not known
us in our private transactions to be v 11115117 hour at
and honourable as other men' We hare sworn
to be loyal to our Souvereie--wand can you
think m hardly of us as to believe that we are so
fondly attached to that most unch • *an and alio-
minoble offence of petjury,,,tliat it is ouly when we
swear that we should be distrusted. As to this so
much talked of, and so little understood {'ern. I ask
you to put your hands to your hearts, and honestly
and sincerely to say, would you advise Ili, the Car
tholies of Ireland, in opposition to our Pope, our
Bieltops, the opiniou of Mr. Burke, and the die-
. tides of sound policy, to allow such men as Mr.
Perceval, or Dr. Dolgellau, to interfere in
our Ecclesiastical discipline or religious este..
Idislintent ; when you outi• we well know, and
they themselves avow, there is not any wish
" to their hearts than that of destroying
• that very establishment. Recollect, my friends,
that your and our forefathers Iniuntained together
that establishinent--and would you ask is. slow ID
' assist in the extinction of that solitary remnant of
Irish Independence? Recollect that it was the per-
sweatiest of the Dissidents in Poland that led to
the subjii4mi .... of that country. Persevere then
in the holy work you have node' takem—do not de-
sire to karit our character from malignant or in-
terested higots—we desire to be judged by year
mats knowledge of na—do nut sutler yourselves to
be dissuaded by bigots, from a cultivation id that
lib-rah feeling which brought you together this
day. If you desire the advice of that truly pious
and revered Psotestant, I refer you to the chari-
table doctrine of one of your own Prelates, the
Bishop of Norwich—do not we admire his libela-
lity—do we doubt his loyalty? Do then, my
friends, cherish and cultivate the yonthful plant
of Liberality which you have raised with your nun
hands; while we live together you shall continue'
to receive the blessings you shall have merited--
and when you and we cease to exist, then shall our
free-bore sons, while they pluck the life.giving
crop from the branches, by their grateful trans
enrich the verdure of the foliage---then shall there
be one common name among us—IRISHM AN
and one Catholic Notional Faith, the love of out
King and C try. We ritual hear no mare of
Entisikillen Juries, and Enniskillen Acquittals.
Freedom will through the land ; and them
indeed, will you have raised, for the hour of danger,
rt a tower of strength against the force of the
enemy !"

ITAral. INT& LL.lrtie NUL.

POIITSNOOTII. OCT. 16.

Arrived she Osprey sloop of war, with convoy
from the Downs; P.a the Coquette. from a cruise.
—The Uspriy is appointed to take canny to the
Downs, end the Latina Invite for Plymouth.—
Wind IEL

PLY 1100T11. OCT. IS.

Yesterday, during a gate of stud at E.S.E. the
Maids man of so .r drove from ber anchors an 4
went on shore in Millbay, where she lay nik.nt
hoary and WWI then got off without much dainoge.
The Croydon. Neva,' from the Hevatatah, chore
to sea during the gale, but returned this morning
and ran in HAmonse.

Cause iu from Portsmouth the Achates sloop of
war, rod sailed again to time Westward.

PLYllat' TN-DOCK. Orr. 15.

Soiled th« Ara►ide frigate, fur PortiTmouth ;
temaia cutter, with the Plymouth tuivail tr.iniiport
ender eciuvoy, for Milfi.rd.

The Dart cutter hating refitted, is gone into the
Sound.

This morning the Amethyst frigate having in ide
signal for goiug out of Barupool, was tun foul of by
a merchant-man, who. frosts the amrrngth of the
eddy this, ran athwart her hawse. snd •trruug Isar
bowsprit. which obliged the Amethyst to rcntain.

Il bas Wilma gale these two days front the F...i.t-
-ward—severs! boats have bees seek, but De liv.i
lest; it is nee mere moderate, and inclining a little
to the Southward. sot•na. err. le.

The wind, which has lately been from the cast.
ward, this day shifted to the south, in consequeure
of which several vessels which have been deciined
here wind-hound proceeded on their voyage.
Arrived the Darlingly*, of Sunderland, Wm.
Blakey, with coal. for Dover; al.o the liGneit, of
Sunderland, Tully, with ditto for market. Two
transports are taking in provisions here fur the fleet
off' 11. !willing, as it appears. notwithstanding the
winter season approaches, and the coast is • dais.
genius one, the Mound does not think it prudent
to quit has Station, as the enemy's Amps, 11 or ti
sail of the line, betides several large brig., are all
ready tor sea. Y•11131oti9. OCT. IS.
Several vessel• bare been sent iotu this poet since
last Thursday, decanted by Majesty's ships of
war in the North Sea and Baltic.

DCAL, OCT. 16.
Arrited the litimiter errant ship. with the tes
nntintler of her tolivoy, which arc soiled for thew
ilderreit destinsitions--the Humber rerosios. Also
armed. the Bermuda sloop of war. from Ports.
south.

- -
Sailed the Ides cutter. with dispatches for the
Beet off Flushing.
