THE GREEKS.

The following is an extract of a private letter from
Zante, dated September the loth.
" Since I last wrote, has been here : he left me the
enclosed letter, which, doubtless, will give von information
on die state of Greece. His representations of the progress
of the regular brigade, and of the spirit with which the
Motcotes now take up their arms, are very flattering; and
I do not in the least doubt that the Greeks will be able to
recover all they have lost during the ensuing winter
months. An arrival from Mains, represents that part of
the Mores as bring completely free of Turks, and the na-
tives are quietly gathering their produce. The Turks of
Patna made a descent on Monday on Gastouni, hut they
entirely failed in their attempts at plunder, through the ac-
tive resistance of the population. The Turkish force con-
sisted of SOO cavalry, who afterwards retired to Patras.
" The Missolonghiots make a most gallant defence, and
even act on the offensive. The besieging army must ere
long quit the siege, on account of the rainy season, which,
is now commenced. A squadron of Greeks are blockading,
the Gulf of Arta, and the lonian Government refuse clear-
ances for Prevesa. The Greek fleet, under Miaulis. pass-1
ed here from Missolnnghi towards the Levant, on Monday
last, the sth inst. They are gone in search of &be Turks,
who, it is now ascertained, have taken up their quarter. in
Port Boodron, opposite the Isle of Rhodes. We hear no-
thing further respecting the Alexandrian fleet."
(Evrn•ce OF ANOTHER LETTER FROM ZANTE, HATCH
SEPTFHPER 8.)
" I can only write to you a few lines from this hirbour,
where I am confined in a most miserable cattle boat, the
best conveyance from the Morea to Zante. The laws of
quarantine are now exceedingly strict her:, die plague
being at Motion, Coron, and Navarino—one of the bless-
ings brought to us by the Arabs. It has not, however, pe-
netrated among the Greeks ; on the contrary, Napoli, which
is generally a very unhealthy place in summer, has been
this year quite healthy, although containing at present
more than fifty thousand people.
" From Clarentza and Gastouni, where I shall go this
night, I will write to you long details upon all the affairs
of Greece. I intend also to proceed to Missolonghl, to ex-
amine closely the state of that place. Ibrahim Pacha, with
five thousand men, marched from Tripolizza to Navarino,
about twenty days ago, but, finding the plague there, he
came back. On his return lie was surrounded by the
Greeks, now collecting again under Colocotroni. It is ex-
pected that he cannot open his way without great loss. He
had left at Tripolizza nearly 3,000 men, one part of which
was placed at a mill two hours' march from the town ; thtse
were attacked during the night, and all killed except a few
who were taken prisoners. Nearly 2,500, including many
wounded and sick, are strictly closed in Tripolizza, and if
Ibrahim cannot relieve them soon, they must surrender for
want of provisions. The Greeks are now in very good
spirits, and ColocotronTs army, when I crossed the Mores
five days ago, was between 12 and 14,000 strong, and was
daily increasing, by the Moreotes-coming down from the
mountains to join him. Their affairs in all quarters have
assumed a favourable aspect. The Greeks are more united
than they have ever been, and this eamsaign may be con-
sidered as approaching to a termination.

The Frankfort Papers state that 4,430 francs, the pro-
duce of a ball given at Geneva on the 41st of September,
have been remitted to the (;reek Committee in London.

A Satiety has been formed at Lausanne, for the purpose
of educating young Greeks, in concert with the Association
already established in Paris.
The King of Prussia was to leav2 Frankfort on the 13th,
on a visit to his sister the Electress, at ‘Vilhelmsbad, and
then proceed to Berlin, by way of Gotha and Erfurt.
Colonel Gustaffson (ex-King of Sweden) was living in
a very retired manner at Mayence, and had sunk into ob-
livion, when.the reply of M. Segue again drew upon him
the public attention. His habits of life are peculiarly
simple, unobtrusive, and exemplary ; and the respect of
the public towards him has considerably increased, in con-
sequence of his having, while justifying himself, so nobly
defended King Charles John. This philasopher has con-
stantly refused all the offers which the present King of
Sweden and his friends have made to him; the persons
with whom he most constantly associates are the Messrs.
Humann, brothers of the French deputy, one a banker and
the other vicar•general.—Paris Paper.
The Stockholm Gazette states, that the affair of the ships
of war has been finally arranged, so that they will be able
to sail from Carlscrona.—The Editor of the Argus has
given in his declaration respecting the insertion of the
Arricle about the ships of war, and grounds Isis defence
chiefly on the following argument, " That the Chancellor,
according to the ordinance relative to the freedom of the
press, is bound to confiscate all writings in foreign languages
imported into Sweden, which contains any thing contrary to
the 3d section of article loon that Ordinance. Now, as no
foreign journal, not even the paper from which the article
was taken, has been confiscated by the Chancellor, the Edi-
tor of the Argus considered this as a proof that the Chan-
cellor himself did not look upon this article as illegal, con-
sequently did not hesitate to insert it its his paper."---This
is certainly a singular ground of defence, and will in some
respects, we should think, prove embarrassing to the
Swedish Government.

A Russian Ordinance, that no person in the service of the
State shall belong to a Secret Society, or 'Freemason's
Lodge, has lately been extended to all individuals who are
Candidates for degree! in the Russian Universities. AB
Students, before they are admitted, are also to give a certi-
ficate that they do not belong to a Secret Society.
Extract of a letter from Madeira, dated the 29th Sep-
tember :—" Lately savers' British vessels arriving here,
from Lirerpool in particular, have invariably been put
under quarantine, owing to their bills of health not being
certified and endorsed by the Portuguese Consul. IVith-
out the ail documents (regularly signed, &c.) the vessels
are not allowed to have any communication, until revi-
sited a second time by the health officers and doctors, &c.
which not only causes great delay, but suNects the own-
ers to an extra expense of about M. sterling.
Letters fiom Padang of the 3d of June state, that Col.
Stuers, Commandant and Resident there, has returned
from Bencoolen, after having passed a month in complet-
ing the organisation of that establishment. He has sent a
commission' and troops to the other English establishments,
Natal, Air Bangi, and Tahanooly, to organise them in the
same manner as at Bencoolen. At Padang perfect tran-
quillity prevailed, and the season was healthy. The coast-
ing trade was very active, commerce flourishing, and the
p expottations continually increasing. The interior of the
island of Sumatra is now divided into two regencies.—
Rotterdam Paper, Oct. 13.
The amount of duties received at the Custom-house,
Leith, for the quarter ending 10th instant, is 205,577/.
9s. lid. This, we believe, is the largest sum which has
ever been collected, during an equal period, at auy port in
Scotlaud.—Edidurgh

SURREY THEATRE.

This theatre still continues to be the favoured resort of
all class.s, from the peer to the pessent. inclusive. The
extraordinary baboon-imitator, M. Gouffe, is undoubtedly
the chief attraction ; but the manager has not been satis-
fied to rest his hope on a single individual, however won-
derful his powers may be. The engagement of several
new performers, in addition to what was previously a very
excellent rorps dramatigue, has given the Surrey theatre a
higher claim on public patronage, than it derived even ftom
the tricks, the balancing., and the tunning round the
gallery .of the Island Ape. Mr. Huntley. who is n Ion;
established anti deserved favourite ; Mr. Vale, whose comic
powers are far above mediocrity; Mr. Mortittur, who
would do credit to a more important theatre; Mr. T.
Clifford, Miss Louis, and Mr. Bryant, who is certainly one
of the best, if not dna best Irishman en the stage, still con-
tinue to sustain their own popularity and the reputation of
the Surrey Theatre several of the disbanded subalterns
of Astley's have also recently made their appearance here;
and, altogether every thing promises that the season will
proceed as successfully as it commenced. Last evening, a
new piece, in two acts, was produced, entitled .4 GAeop
Bargain; or I ittle Misery and Lilac .211ise/de/: Its
story is the very old and common-place one, of a lover
who succeeds in bearing off " the lady of his love" from
the charge of an avaricious and roguish guardian. As
usual, for so laudable a purpose some dull tricks are invented,
and in the end Old Guard!, is of course outwitted, and tie
lovers become man and wife. The piece is prettily writ-
ten. and some lively incidents are introduced—while the
scenery is, as it is always at this toeatre, very beautiful.
The announcement of its intended repetition was received
with a greater degree of applause titan is generally mani-
fested by an audience at a minor theatre, with whom it is
generally a matter of course to let all productions, however
wretched, pass muster, and who never dream of dealing
that damnation which is dealt out so liberally at the greater
houses. M. Gout& repeated hia redly astonishing per-
formanen. It is not ggnerally known that this individual,
whose feats have obtained him so much notice, has several
natural defects, Sibielr'one would imagine were highly de-
trimental to his professional greatness. He is very lame
(one leg being much shorter than the other), his figure
awkward; and by no means indicative of strength, some-
what near-sighted, and literally as deaf as a post. Not-
withstanding these misfortunes, his muscular strength,
his surprising agility, and his admirable imitations of those
cousin-germans of the human species, the baboons, excite
the wonder, and we may add the admiration, of every be-
holder. The performances of the evening were terminated
by a very excellent melo-draina, entitled Maurice, or the
Mysterious Host, from the able and prJlLic pen of Mr. T.
Dibdin.

The Duke of Cumberland arrived at his apartments in
the King's Palace, St. James's, about half-past six o'clock
yesterday evening, its his travelling carriage and font-, from
the Royal Lodge, Windsor Park, where his Ro}al High-
ness has been staying for some days on a visit to his Ma-
jesty.
The son of Sir Walter Scott, now in Ireland with his
regiment, has been lately appointed Aide-dc-Camp to the
Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.
Sir It. Kerr l'orter will sail from Portsmouth to-morrow
for Caraccas, in his Majesty's ship Pyramus, accompanied
by his physician, Dr. Cox. The daughter of Sir R. K.
Porter, whose mother is of the princely family of Tscher-
batow, has been raised to the rank of Nobility in Russia.
Miss Foote dosed her engagement at Edinburgh on Sa-
turday night, to a very full house. During the twelve
nights of her performance at Edinburgh, the theatre was
well attended, and she was much applauded.
NAVA I. A rem NTM N 7 s.—Lieutenant Arthur Brooking
is appointed to the command of the Arrow, vice Powney,
appointed to the King's yacht, on promotion. Lieutenant
james Burney, of the Preventive Service at Gillingham,
has been appointed to the Victory, in the room of Lieu-
tenent Robert Lowcay of that ship, who has accepted an
appointment in the Preventive Service.
Subscriptions have been entered into at Wolverhampton
towatds the erection of an additional Church in that town,
for the accominotlation of' the poor ; and the Honourable
and Very Reverend the Dean has handsomely consented to
wave his right in the patronage, in order more effectually
to promote the undertaking.
It appears that the Editor of the Chester Chronicle was
excluded from the late dinner of the Cheshire Whig Club,
for having last year reported somewhat too accurately one
of the speeches delivered nporithat occasion.
The Jamaica Courant of Sept. S, which we received yes-
terday, contains the following account of the Rev. Samuel
Isbaki, Rabbi of the Jews of Jerusalem, who died at
Kingston on the 2l ult. He was a native of the Holy
Land, and had but recently arrived in this island ; he was
both a learned and scientific man, and bad formerly at-
tended the Emperor of Morocco as a physician. He had
also a knowledge of botany, having studied the peculiar
qualities of the fruits of this island, from some of which he
distilled wines amt cordials, and presented samples of the
same to our Horticultural Society. Ilis residence was Je-
rusalem. Under the tyrannical sway of the now rulers of
that once happy and still promised land, the remnant of the
seed of Abraham residing there have been visited with the
bitterest of Turkish persecution. Their temples and their
altars have been violated, and the most conspicuous of the
tribe are held in bondage, until certain requisitions' are
complied with. The above personage, with four others of
equal learning and respectability, had been deputed to
visit Europe, the United States, and the West Indies, to
appeal to their scattered brethren, elicit their sympathies,
and ask in the name of the Almighty God, and for the
sake of suffering humanity, succour and relief."
At a recent corporation dinner, in a neighbouring city,
one of the visitors, who haidistinguished himself no less
in the field of battle than in the Senate, appropriately pro-
posed, as a toast—" May the man who has lost one eye in
the service of his country never see distress with the
other ;" but the person whose duty it was to announce the
toast to the company, by omitting the word " distress," com-
pletely altered the meaning of the sentiment, and caused
no small degree of merriment by the blunder.—Gloucterter
Journal.

RIVAL Lovans.—A fatal quarrel happened no Monday
se'rinight, at Weston Wakes, Staffordshire. Two young
men, farmers' sons, named Abel Smith and Thomas
Bourne, met together at a friend's house: one of the party
was a female, also of respectable parentage, whose favour,
it rppears, both these young men aspired to obtain. In the
course of the afternoon a walk was agreed upon, and, on
the point which of the two should be favoured with the
arm of the female in question, an altercation arose between
the young men, which terminated by Bourne striking
Smith a violent blow pn the aide, from the effect of which
he died instantly. Verdict of the Coroner's Jury—" Man-
slaughter." It is slmewhat singular, that the female in
question, who was the innocent cause of this melancholy
event, had to mourn the loss of a former lover, with whom
she wag on the eve of marriage, and whose death was oc-
casioned by the upsetting of a boat on Alsager Meer, not a
long time

JAMES WATT SOCIETT.—TIVO ruffians, in the garb,
but, we trust, not of the rank, of gentlemen, lately cut and
destroyed a beautiful and valuable painting of the justly
celebrated Watt, by Fleming, a native artist, which hung
up in the room where the Society hold their meetings—the
James Watt Tavern in William-street. This painting was
highly praised by the great Chantrey, the sculptor, when
he visited Greenock, and was greatly prized by the Institu-
tion. An investigation is going on by the local authorities,
which, if successful, will enable us to bold the genteel
Vandals up to the hissing infamy they so well &se rre.—
Gloszow Free Press.

We are sorry to inform our readers that the typhus
fever is raging in the suburbs of Carlisle, to a melancholy
excess. There are several patients now lying in the House
of Recovery, suffering under the affliction of that baneful
disorder. The cholera inorbus, too, a disease the ravages
of which are equal only to its severity, also prevails, espe-
cially among the working classes. The best preventives
against the approach of these disorders are, cleanliness and
sobriety in the former case, and a strict attention to proper
food in the latter.--Carlisie Journal.

A field of wheat in the parish of Winforton, Hereford-
shire, which was sawed in April last, was cut and carried
before the 12th of Augnst, and the crop was an excellent
one.

LITERARY GLEANINGS.

No. XLVIII.

The following spirited and lively illustration of German
manners exhibits very strongly the influence of women in
moulding the moral and social character of men, and how
much the condition of society suffers when they either ab-
stain from exercising that influence, or fail to make it re-
spected:—
" I know you have an idea of the German women as a
race of fair blue-eyed dames ; but these beauties, which in
the north are predominant, share admiration in the south
with hazel eyes, dark hair, and other charms of a soft, not
a lively brunette. It is very rare to see a woman with deep
black eyes or hair, or any thing sparkling, or strongly
marked in her features. The complexion of the southern
' German women is far from beautiful. In the fairest
wcmen it has often a thick sallow sort of tinge, the reverse
of that transparent lustre of our countrywomen, which
Doctor Do:eel:3 beautiful lines suit:—
The pure and eloquent blood
Spoke in her cheeks, and so distinctly wrought,
That one might almost say her body thought.'
" Striking beauty is, in fact, not the forte of the fair
Germans near the Ithine—but they have often fine eyes,
pleasing voices, and a sentimental grace, and tenderness
of manner, interesting because quite natural. All the
charm of a German women, peculiar to herielf, centres in
this.—ller deportment is often stiff and ungain—but her
soft voice and kind sympathising manner give her a charm
purely her own.—She seems moulded out of nature's
softest materials—tenderness and sentiment appear to be
her life. Unlike Pope's heroine, whom he would have only
a softer man,' a German woman is purely and exclusively
a woman. Iler looks, voice, manners, and conduct, place
the soft supple qualities of her sex in a sort of exaggerated
contrast with those of (Mrs. She appears more eager to
captivate than to shine; to steal softly to the heart, than to '
take it by storm. It would be a mistake, however, to con-
sider this a symptom of depth of sensibility. It is only '
the expression of that sort of indolent slowness, little ex-
cited by cultivation, which finds in sentiment the resource
of an unoccupied mind. If this softness were merely one '
of the shifting weapons of a coquette, it would be intoller-
able—its bone fide sincerity in the German ladies makes it
interesting, for a time. But the misfortune too often is,
that this is not merely the graceful ornament, but the whole
substance of character; it turns out that there is no solid
base to support this pretty sentimental superstructure. 1
When it is discovered that the unvarying langottr is half
want of tact and alacrity, and the perpetual coaxing often
the resource of heavy intellect, these qualities lose half
their first-sight graces. The poet, who has left us the
finest picture of woman, gives her lowliness majestic,' anti
obsequious majesty,'—but the German women are too apt
to be lowly and obsequious witheut majesty. Their cha-
racter wants mere of the noun-substantive—they have too
much suppleness even to be graceful.
" But the softest clay most depends upon the moulding ;
and education and corrupt manners must he charged with
all the defects I have observed in the German women.
Those of the upper, that is the noble classea, are brought
up from the cradle under a sort of upper servant, dignified
by the title of governess, and who generally couples with
her higher functions, those of nursery-maid, housekeeper,
and assistant at the toilette of the noble mamma. They
learn to waltz, a little music, to speak French enough for
use bye and bye at court, to make gowns, bonnets, and
turbans. Their acquaintance with books rarely extends
beyond sentimental romances and washy poems, and many
a lady of no mean title writes neither French nor her own
language with moderate correctness. Sixteen is the impor-
tant era when they emerge from this petty sphere to the
full enjoyments of the court, to which they have looked for-
ward from infancy. Mamma is often a heavy, uninformed,
or still worse, a coquctish and unscrupulous person, who
little constrains her favourite speculations on sentiment,
intrigue, or dress, before her attentive daughters. An old
Baronness, with the reputation of ci-denant beauty and
intrigues, entertained me on my first visit, and in the pre-
sence of two fair relations under twenty, with a suffi-
ciently intelligible history of her intimacy with one of my
compatriots at a German court—he was a handsome man ;
she had not seen him for many years—but she had his por-
trait—and for some time she was in regular correspondence
with him. This W 45 related with an unconscious sang
froid, and listened to, gravely, by the yottug ladies, as to a
strain to which they were well Accustomed.
" The example of almost all around them, their own
mothers, or some of their mothers' dear friends included,
helps to finish the weak inflammable character which such
an education has too frequently commenced. Sentiment,
dress, coquetry, and frivolity reign sometimes by turns,
but oftener with a sort of struggle for supremacy more tho-
roughly intoxicating to the head. The sentimental lady
is nearly as fond of her toilette as her lover; anti the co-
quette who borrows the airs of sentiment is entrapped by
her own weapons, and falls partly from soft-licarteduess,
and partly to secure a conquest. 'the German women
have, in fact, too much feeling to play the coquette with
entire security—and not enough to resist playing it at all.
" The education of the women of the bourgeoisie is much
the same as that of the noble dames, with the exception of
rarely speaking or understanding French. Sometimes they
are sent to boarding-schools, an advantage which their
rivals rarely enjoy, because the above-mentioned compound
of gouvernonte, lady's maid, and housekeeper, proves a
useful personage to a gay mother. The fair bourgeoises I
have also the advantage of some rational, housekeeping
occupations, which employ time and attention. With the
assistance of one slave of a servant they perform all the
culinary and other business of the menage—and the fair
hands which join with the court beaux once a fortnight at
the Casino ball, would he found in a true Grisehla condi-
tion if their partners called the next morning to make in-
quiries. Domestic dishabille is not however entirely pe-
culiar to the bourgeoisie. On paying a visit of form one '
morning to a dignified CouNT, the grand master of a
I small court, I found his residence on a second floor in a
I by-street. A scullion hot from the kitchen showed me
into a comfortless parlour, where the COUNTERS, in the
absence of her spouse, met me in a half-adjusted coloured
gown, a half-naked child squalling in her arms, and two
or three more hanging about her. To 1- ve seen the Count
bowing in full costume at court, you would have thought
he could not breathe out of the tapestry walls of a palace.
" This sort of anti-romantic drudgery, and their exclu-
sion from court gayeties, leave the city ladies open to fewer
temptations than the noblesse. The men, too, are toiling
in the public offices at the chancellery all the morning ; and
in the evening, instead of the intriguing tea-drinkings of
the nobles, a savoury supper must be prepared by their
wives and daughters, the latter of whom often wait at table
during the meal, and then take their seats with the coin-
pany, or enliven them with a little music on the piano, such
as would do credit to our roost accomplished young ladies. I
Still, however, many moments remain to the young dam-
eels for romance reading, picking up at third hand and de-
tailing court gosip, watching and imitating the beau monde,
and rivaling in finery their fellow imitators. Their weak
heads, too, arc often turned by the unprincipled attentions
of the young nobles, wino (lance with them at the balls and
amuse themselves with their affections, by way of change
to the elegant insipidity of the court ladies. When danger
falls in their way, they have not always more strength to
oppose to it than others; but keep them out of harm's way,
and they are kind wives and daughters, who mix up senti-
ment and drudgery with tolerable harmlessness.
" If the obligations of' marriage (which, from the idle-
ness and poverty of the nobles, ie frequently a purely mer-
cenary engagement), had more influence than they can
have in such a state of morals, the facility of obtaining di-
vorces affbrds an easy means of gratifying inclination with-
out offence to conscience. In the PROTLST•NT States
mere alleged incompat,bility of disposition is a sufficient
ground for procuring tin ; and the Cern macs remedy
the strict prohibition of their religion, as to all points ex-
cept marrying again, by an arrangement called a separa-
tion de corps et de bias.
" In cases of divorce the children are frequently divided,
according to their sexes—the husband taking charge of the
sons, and the wife of the daughters. The common stock
of property is shared, by each party taking their own—a
regulation which has sometimes the •effect of keeping to-
gether a restless pair, who would otherwise unhesitatingly
break their shah's. A gallant officer of my acquaintance
left behind him a pretty wife ou following the army in the

Spanish campaign. On returning, after two years' absence,
he found himself in possession of an increase of family, fur
which he had to thank a young student from the University.
A divorce would have been the immediate remcdy,but th.at
his wife bad brought him a considerable fortune, of which
he would thus have kiw the enjoyment. He therefore put
a gay face on the matter, and consoled himself by the phi.
losoploical reflection—F/, Lien, si'no.femnneu en uncalin,
mcsifeii of cu delis. This instance is in the class of the
bourgeoisie. When I knew the lady, she was just ennobled
and shining at court with her easy spouse.
" The perfect phlegm aad indifference with which these
arrangements are treated, and with which the parties con.
cerned live together in society afterwards, are natural cop.
sequences of their frequency, and prove ;hat the ' Dotohle
Arrangement' of the Anti-Jacobin wits is hardly a poetical
exaggeration. A friend of mine received a note from a
lady of her acquaintance inviting herself to pass the even-
ing—but happening to exr.et, amongst others, the two
former divorced husbands of the lady, out of re7rd for
her feelings, she requested her to relay her visit. The
hardy lady, however, immediately answered that she sus-
[wend the cause of the excuse, that she was much obliged
by my friend's considerateness, but, it being quite unne-
cessary, she begged permission to be of the party. She
accordingly came, bringing her present husband to make
up a friendly trio with her two former ones; and all par-
ties spent the evening most sociably and happily. This
extraordinary apathy will he, in some degree, accountable,
when you reflect that these husbands were, in fact, to this
lady nothing more than two discarded lovers ; for marriage
is thus literally a connexion as transitory as light, and in
no respect more sacred or solemn. It is highly possible,
indeed, that this easy fair one would not have. encountered
lovers to whom site had not been united by decorous forms
with so unconscious a coolness. But here site had no oc-
casion for reproaches of conscience—she had acted in com-
pliance with the received regulations of society—and merely
availed herself of, the privilege they give of shifting hus-
bands as easily as &eines or residences.
" No one can live in German society without being
struck by the little consequence which tlie women appear
to possess in it. This is, perhaps, at once the cause and
consequence of the soft humility of manners which distin-
guishes them. From the peasant's wife who drudges in
the fields and farm-yard, without shoes or stockings, to
the noble ladies who are treated with a cool unceremoni-
ousness by the beaux in the saloons, they have all the air
of submissive slavery. This will always be more or less the
case in society where the women often want

"f he awe
About her as a guard angelic placed,"
with which virtue alone can invest them. But the respect
which they thus lose is supplied by few of the little atten-
tions of gallantry. The women are neither treated. with
the respect due to virtuous matrons, nor the incense paid to
mistresses. The ceremony of standing hat in hand till dm
lady you are talking to tells you to be covered, and ethers
of a similar description, are old-fashioned formalities
which mean nothing; but they enjoy none of those flatter-
ing attentions—those little sacrifices to comfort—which
proceed from gallantry of feeling. In society the men
talk.in clusters, sometimes for a whole evening; not, as in
England, from an indolent mauvaise /mute, which admits,
in the most striking way, the respect inspired by the fe-
males, but with an air of indifferent superiority which dis-
dains to submit to a gene for those whom it does not re-
spect. Loose, and frequently gross conversations, and
oaths, are indulged in their presence, which they often
suffer in silence, for went of dignity and influence to check
them. The-want of gallantry goes the lettgth of net en-
tirely exempting the women from bumble observances of
rank in the other sex. I have seen a pasty of ladies un-
easy, and hardly venturing to keep their seats, because a
young Prince was on his legs in the circle; and a fair
friend of mine, educated in a different school, was con-
sidered rude because she declined requesting a presentation
to the young junior sons of royalty, to whom the German
ladies thought it necersaty to volunteer their formal obei-
sances. You will admit this is the height of anti-chival-
rous spirit.
" The men are naturally losers in the grace of their own
manners for their neglect of feminine influence. The
rude manners, and savage huisar habits, which you still
sometimes find in the best society, have, in more civilized
countries, vanished before the mild influence of the ladies:
but in Germany they are not likely to be for some time in
condition to banish sordid habits of debauchery, or to laugh
tobacco and mustachios out of countenance. The fair ladies
lament these habits ; and at Vienna they are beginning not
to dance quite S 3 readily with a partner who smokes: but
in the smaller circles it is sometimes the sentimental occu-
pation of the noble belle to furnish her lover with an ele-
gant embroidered bag for the tobacco, fungus, and tint,
with which his pocket must be stored.
" Do not suppose, however, that I have not n.et with
many exceptions to tU character of uninformed and unstable senti.
ment which is too often to be found in the German woolen. The
same soft tempers, the same kindness of heart, which are now too
often their ruin, in other instances produce models of domestic ter.
derness and pure affection. The German women are all bat de.
lightful domestic creatures. One laments that society has so much
abused their qualities. In an improved state of morals they will
be more than most women capable of solacing and sweetealng pri.
sate lite. The fleeting triumphs of wit and the graces will always
be monopolized by the more lively beauties of the south s but the
fair Germans need by no means envy them; formed as they are
by nature—it would be well if equally so by education and habit—
for the quiet of the heart's affections, and the lap of domesec hap-
piness."

THE COMPARISON. -
Aa rising on its purple wing
•
The insect-queen of eastern spring,
O'er emerald meadows of Kastunecr
Invites the young pursuer near, •
And leads hint on from flower to flower
.at
A weary chase and wasted hour, Ns Then leaves him, as it soars on high ,
With panting heart and tearful eye:
So beauty lures the full grown child
With hue as bright, and wing as wild;
A chase of idle hopes and fears,
Begun in lolly, closed in tears.
If won, to equal ills betrayed,
‘Voe waits the trisect and Mr ~raid,
A life of pain, the loss of peace,
From infant's play, or wan's caprice:
The lovely toy so fiercely sought
Has Inst its ehann by being caught,
For every tomb that wooed its stay •
Has brusli'd the brightest hues away,
Till charm, and hue, and beauty gone,
"fist left to fly or fall alone.
With wounded wing, or bleeding breast,
Alt ! where shall either victim lest ?
Can this with faded pinion soar
Frain rose to tulip as before ?
Or, beauty blighted in an hour,
Find joy within her broken bower ?
No: gayer insects flattering by
Neer droop the wing o'er those that die,
And lovelier things have mercy shown
To every failing but their own,
And every woe a tear can claim
Except an erring sister's altame.—LorcrPoroc•

---
WONDERFUL DOGS.—We read is an English Gazette
of an act which would indicate a certain extent of reason in
brutes. Mustapha, a strong and active greyhound, be-
longed to au artillerist of Dublin. Raised from its birth in
the midst of camps, it always accompanied its master, and
exhibited no alarm in the midst of battle. In the hottest
engagements 'it remained near the cannon, and carried the
match in its mouth. At the memorable battle of Fon-
tenoi, when we broke the square battalions of the
Ilanoverians, the master of •filustapba received a mortal
wound. At the mctuent when about to fire upon
the enemy, he and several of his corps were struck to
the earth bv.a discharge of artillery. Seeing his master
extended hitless and bleeding, the dog became desperate
and howled piteously. Just at that times body of French
soldiers was advancing rapidly to gain possession of the
piece, which was aimed at them frog:1111e top of a small
rising ground. Who would believe it, if the fact was not
attested by several witnesses, worthy of eredit. Doubt-
less, with a view to revenge his master's death, Mustapha
seized the lighted match with his paws, and set fire to the
cannon loaded with case shot ; seventy men fell on the
spot, and the remainder took to Bight. After this bold
stroke the dog laid down sadly near the dead body of its
master, licked his wounds, and remained there twenty-
four hours without sustenance. Ile was at length with
difficulty taken away by the comrades of the deceased.
This courageous greyhound was carried to London, and
presented to George 11. who had him taken care of as a
brave servant.—From f istare des Chien: Cdebres•

~.. r

TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRITISH PRESS.

51111,—You would much oblige a little family circle if
you would inform them of the true meaning of a Papal
Butt, and from what that singular term is derived. We
were move immediately led to unlike this inquiry from
reading in the British Press of to-day that a Bull of
Excommunication was fulminated last month by the Pore
against Dr. VET' who has been lately elected Bishop of
Deventer, in the Netherlands. The term, we know, ain
common use. By complying with our request, you will
greatly oblige several of your
October 18. FEMALE READERS.
o.° The Papal Bull is an Edict written upon parch-
ment, and takes its name from the Book or seal, originally
of gold or silver bullion, but now frequently of lead or
wax. appended to it, when despatched from the Court of
his Holiness of Rome. This seal bears the impress on the
right of the head of SL Parrs; on the left that of St.
PAUL. On the reverse is invribed the name of the
reigning Pope, and the year of his Pontificate.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRITISH PRESS.
Sr a,—The third column of the second page of your im-
pression of yesterday is devoted to a commentary on the
proceedings of the Bethel Society. In the detail you seem
a little mistaken in the view you take of the acts and ma.
tives of those religious reformers. though you may be right
in your conclusion as to the' results. You commence by
naming, that men often do much harm by mistaking their
means of doing good. The terns " doing good" in some
euroeice means maLini.r a pr,jit, and in that sense you
should understand the good intended to be worked by the
Bethel Union. You may have observed for some years
pest, and particularly since the peace, when employme its
of all kinds have been difficult to obtain, a great incre Lie
o' thus: worthy gentlemen who seek to get a living by their
tongues in preference to their bands, and consequently a
great increase is the number of those kind friends who arc
so anxious about the salvation of our souls, the new Ito-
proved means of effecting that desirable objact, and in the
activity of those who still pursue the old means, which
leave been so beneficial during the last half century. It
seems now, that this diligence its "doing good," this in-
dustry in seeking up the twopence per week, has reached its
sse phis Ora. All the cities, towns, and villages—all the
streets, b'ghways, and hedges—nay, every odd bush has
been best up for these beneficent coati ibutions, and
Evangel ell saps of every denomination have heen opened
in every part of the island where it was supposed possible
that any good:mild he rime. The result has rewarded the
industry of those worthy labourers, and more twopences
hare been collected ; more teachers of the right path have
been nwintainid than could have been expected. !laving
thus done goi,d in every part of the land, it might have
been supposed that the means of doing good hail found
their limit, hut the indefatigable zeal of these gentlemen
has discovered a new source, a happy one, indeed, to
islanders—the water. Whether the idea is original, or the
hint borrowed from the Chinese, the Venetians, the Dutch,
or others, the ingenuity of the application is still the same;
fair it appears by your remarks that they have already
opened shops upon the water for accommodating that class
of our countrymen who cannot with equal convenience
bring their twopence per week to the shops on land. You
are liberal enough in one part of your remarks upon these
shops afloat, to say, " let the world of waters be covered with
them !“ So they will, if a sufficient number of twopences
per sr:rk can be found to enable their Evangelical tenants
to do any gaol; but how is this to be eil'ecteel by any other
ineansthan the very preaching which excites your appre-
'Missions ? The sailors must be convinced that their souls
ate in imminent danger, and as they area set of' men not
to be alarmed with trifles, as they braved the " battle
of Trafalgar," what more terrible could be intro-
duced to their imagination than a shower of fire, that
should fall perpendicularly upon their vessels (for broad-
side they care not), burn and blow up rigging and hull,
destroy all their bodies, and sweep away all their souls to
eternal damnation ! These worthy preachers had not been
all things to all m n if they had offered soup moigre to
sailor. Their allusion to the impress is not introduced
as an excitement to mutiny, bat only as a seasoning of
sympathy, ti curry favour. It is quite surprising that you
do not perceive that no goal can be done in the shops, with
which you consent that the waters shall be covered, if
steam-boats, wherries, &c. shall be allowed to carry cus-
tomers peat them, to be set down at Greenwich or else-
where, Tor Ole and simple recreation! No, no, Sir;
amusements of all kinds turn the mind from the shop; re-
creation braces the mind as well as body, gives rise to
lively thoughts, and dispels that monotonous gloom which
is'the main stay of the shop.
You say, " the Bethel preachers would do well, in their
zeal for the tolratioe or sailors, to attend a little to their
Got duty." They do so, and it is astonishing that you do
• net perceive it. The salvation of the twopence per head
per week is the semmuns of their own duty, and please to
say if you think you could do it letter? The sailors are
only to be caught upon their own element, and is is wise
• to set shops afloat for that purpose, for to the shops on
store they could not be drawn ; there they are told, in
suitable laagu3ge, the dangerous condition of their vuls,
and that, for ti e moderate premium of twopence per week,
they will Fe read . safe. So far is very easy while they are in
port; but you are apprehensive that risen the sailors are out
upon tervisx, and cannot pay the weekly, premium, the
pulley b.eome void, and the sailor lose his courage.
This certainly is an evil result which at present seems un-
-4 provided agates t ; but despair not, human ingenuity is not
vet exhausted, there may be some editions of the Bethel
ilafs ne published at a suitably high price, containing
ns p-ayer and particular observances, which every
sail buys and carries out with hint to sea, and dill-
sf- grntly atkimls to, may be assured will preserve him (back-
' slidingp of mind excepted) as surely as the payment of the
wtek.y "meth= at the original shop. This however, is
not a perfectly new idea, it is partly borrowed from Joanna
Sautheote. If this elucidation suppl;es you with any
thing consolatory please to return your thanks to your
Inunbk set vent,
, Oct. le, Ittgfi.

PILETER PLUPERFECT.

WEAVERS' ASSOCIATION.

Irrom the Cksgew Free Preer.l
The General Committee held an ordinary meeting on
Saturday last; Mr. Thomas Clark, Chairman. A return
the weavers in each district, that bad left the employ
of Ismaili houses.; was given in, and the number that would
have their engagements finished by next week was also
mentioned. Th;se houses must soon, if the regular price
is not paid, be left without a weaver; the more so, as the
work is increasing elsewhere without diminutive in the
prices. Several hundreds of new members have joined the
standard during the last week.
Attempts having been mat!e to reduce the price of weav-
ing in several fancy fabrics, it was resAved, that an aggre-
gale warcting of the weavers in that department should be
Steil on Tuesday even:ng, for the purpose of taking mea-
sures to resist such innovation, end a correspondence to be
opened with Paisley, to acquire the co-oporatious of the
weavers there.

A meeting of ti:e harness weavers of Glasgow was held
in •Amleraton, on Tuesday evening, to hear the result of a
deputation to Paisley. According to their Report, a meet-
ing of the fancy weavers in Paisley took place, and they
have resolved not to take any work under the Glasgow
prises ; and fonds are to be raised for the purpose of sup-
porting those who may be thrown idle in consequence. The
Anderston meeting also resolved to resist certain houses
that hare lately attempted a reduction; and as liarnear,
ireavera are put to greater difficulties by suspending their
work than what is experienced by the plain, light, and
heal muslin weavers, an additional sum of three shillings
is to lse granted above the ordinary aliment ; and this cotta
alkaance is to be supplied from the resourcts of the har-
ness /leavers themselves. Upon inquiry, it appears there
is no TA! causes existing for the reduction of prices in that
branch ; and de most extensive house in Glasgow declares
there is more reason to advance the prices than otherwise;
consequently it is anticipated that a spirited and successful
resistance will be made against reduction, by those engaged
in that very ingenious branch of weaving.

The vintage appears to be generally good throughout
Eu►ope ; in the Prussian provinces on the Rhine it is re-
ported to be excellen•.

THE HIBERNIAN BIBLE SOCIETY AND TIIE
ROMAN CATHOLIC PRIESTS OF C. 4111,011:

The attention of the public in Ireland, and, in * consi-
derable uegrte, in England also, has lately been attracted
by a question which has arisen between some of the lead-
ing individuals in the Hibernian Bible Society, and seve-
ral of the Roman Catholic Clergy belonging to the Jesuits'
College, near Carlow. Many unconnected parts of this
controversy have been printed in the London Papers, but
no general view of the dispute bra yet been given. A short
space will enable us to do this, which, if the argument is
to be continued much longer, will become a desideratum.
In the sumi-er of Is-44. the Clerical Agents of the Bi-
ble Seciely of Dublin visited Carlow for the purpose of
being present at the Annual Meeting of the Auxiliary So-
ciety of that town. The proceedings on that occasion were
interrupted in an unusual manner, by the opt osition of
several members of the neighbouring Jesuits' College, who
denied the fundamental principles on which the Society
was constituted, and raised a long discussion upon this
preliminary question. That the result of the whole was
not entirely satisfactory to the Jesuits, was apparent from
their announcement that the attack should be recommenced
at the next Anniversary. They gave a pledge, which they
would now gladly recal at any cost, that if the Society held
a similar meeting in the following year, they would be at
their posts to oppose its proceedings.
This unfortunate pledge has proved to them but " the
beginning of troubles." Given at the moment when they
were smarting under the effect of their opponents' argu-
ments, they soon saw that, ;altliough it might serve the
temporary purpose of lessening the shame of present defeat,
it but !protracted the evil day, and bound them to face
again those antagonists whose very names they would
gladly have forgotten. They soon ascertained, too, that
the superiority of Protestant reasoning was proved in the
most effectual and unanswerable manner, by the crowds of
Roman Catholics who pressed forward to obtain those very
Scriptures, the reading of which they bad endeavoured to
prove dangerous: insomuch that the sale of Bibles in many
districts increased in a fourfold degree.
In this unpleasant predicament, the only hope that re-
mained to them, was that of contriving some expedient
to get rid of their pledge without absolutely confessing that
they dared not fulfil it ; and, accordingly, we have had a
succession of paltry contrivances, none of which, however,
hive yet succeeded.
The first step was to endeavour to raise a dispute about
the order of proceeding at the meeting. To leave them no
excuse en this ground, the Society's officers even promised
to pass through the regular business of the day with all
possible pro forma brevity, in order, afterwards, to give
them time to state their objections to its principles. Upon
these terms they could not avoid accepting tickets for the
meeting. Their courage, however, could not be screwed
up to time sticking point; and, within a few hours of the
time of meeting, the tickets were returned.
But they soon began to find that an unredeemed pledge
is not quickly forgotten. If to stand the combat appeared
too dreadful a hazard, the scheme of flight was, in its turn,
intolerable. Hence a second expedient became necessary,
and a must valorous one did they adopt. They would
hold a Bible discussion themselves, and keep the field for
a whole morning against all corers: taking care, however,
like most prudent champions, that their antagonists should
hear nothing of it till all was over. Waiting till the Cle-
rical advocates of' the Bible Society had left Carlow, they
called this Public Meeting in their own Chapel at two
days' notice, so that it was physically impossible for the
Protest:ot Clergy to return in time.
A manoeuvre like this only required to be explained, to'
call down upon its contrivers universal derision. But the
friends of the Bible Society wished not so much to bring !
their opponents into shame, u to establish before the peo-
ple of Ireland the truth and importance of their own prin-
ciples. Personally they were already triumphant, their
opponents evidently fearing to meet them. But an im-
plied victory was less desirable to them than a real conflict
of argument, the result of which was certain, while its
operation on the public mind would be inore decisive. Sic
of the Protestant clergy, therefore, joined in addressing the
Carlow priests. " You have expressed,"said they," a de-
' sire to be heard, in a public meeting and in the face of day,
against the principles of the Bible Society. You have ex-
ptessed this desire by obtruding yourselves upon the Carlow
Bible Meeting of 1825.. You have again expressed it, by ap-
plying for admission to the Meeting of 1823. You have
a third time expressed it, by calling another meeting in
your own chapel for that express purpose: but in all these
attempts you have failed of your own purpose. The first
was a hasty and angry interruption of business ; in the
second, you declined meeting us; in the third, you took
care that we should not be able to meet you: Now, there-
fore, we offer you what you profess to have been seeking.
Let us agree to meet in the face of the public—you, to
state your reasons for opposing the circulation of the Scrip-
tures: and we, to too heard in defence of them. We are
ready for a fair, temperate, and open discussion of the
question, and you, and if you do not really fear to enter
upon it, will surely accept our offer."
A straight forward and manly appeal of this kind always
proves in the last degree perplexing to those who are rely-
ing upon management and address. It involved the Car-
low Priests at once ten times deeper in the predicament
from which they were endeavouring to extricate them-'I
selves. Their friends saw no way of escape for them, but
in braving the worst, and venturing at once upon that
contest, which, while they professed to be seeking, they
really dreaded. The lubricity, however, of genuine fear is
not easily calculated upon. A third expedient, and one
which most forcibly confessed the terror they felt, was now
tesorted to. The renowned Dr. Doyle came forward in
!pro/via persona, and, clad in all the plenitude of Roman
epis:xspal power, forbade the meeting; while, in order to
give some colour to this strange proceeding, he stated no
less than seven grounds upon which he judged such a dis-
cussion to be highly improper.
After the astonishment which this step naturally excited
had a little subsided, the- Protestant Clergy began to exa-
mine these grounds; and one of them, the Rev. R. Daly,
addressed a letter is Dr. Doyle upon the subject. lie
remarked dip all these reasons fur not agitating the
question had existed long before the present occasion.
! They were not derived from temporary circumstances, but
!from general principles. How was it, therefore, asked
Mr. Daly, that they were not earlier discovered? How
was it that they did not prevent the Carlow Priests from
disturbing our peaceable proceedings in 184 t? How was
it that they did not prevent our being threatened with a
similar interruption in 188..1? And how was it that they
were allowed, without whisper of prrohibition, to hold a
meeting for the very same discussion which we now pro-
pose, hut at a time and place which it was known would
secure our absence? Leaving Dr. Doyle to answer these,
quesCons, Mr. D. reminded him that, however adroitly he
might have covered the retreat of his troops, and what-
ever credit might be due to him personally on that ground,
still a retreat was in itself a confession that the body effect-
ing itfeareti to come to anengagetnent.

„
This remark was generally acquiesced in by the public,
and the Carlow priests soon found that their retreat, though'
effected, bad not extricated them from the predicament of
being generally understood to have shrunk from the open
defence of their own principles. A fourth expedient,
therefore, became necessary, and was accordingly resorted
to—and a most singular manoeuvre it presented.
The mandate of Dr. Doyle, as we before said, stated no
less than seven grounds upon which a meeting of the kind
proposed would be highly improper and dangerous. One
of the Carlow Priests, the Rev. Mr. Nl'Sweeny, professing
to overlook the whole of these, treats the mandate as a
simple prohibition, resigns his situation at the Carlow Se-
minary, withdraws himself from the Doctor's jurisdiction,
and, in his turn, challenges the Protestant Clergy to a dis-
cussion. But his challenge is so clogged with ridiculous
stipulations, that we cannot, notwithstanding its swaggering
tone, look upon it in any other light than that in which we
have ourselves heard a Roman Catholic describe it. "The
Protestants,- said he, ” gave a challenge which we did not
like to accept, and now, to be even with them, we have
contrived such a challenge as they will not accept."
Unfortunaiely, however, for his mirpone, Mr. M'Sweeny
managed the scatter rather badly. His stipulations guarded
him, it is true, from any possibility of being, compelled at
last to appear in the field, but they did
this
in a very pal-
pable and bungling manner. He stated, first his object to
be, the convincing the people or England,by his arguments,

THE B.

PRESS.

of the truth of his principles ; and then he laid down a
condition of the discussion, which, while it conld avail no-
thing fur thin end, arsa perfectly absurd as coming from a
Catholic, while it would have been equally so if accepted
by a Protestant. He proposed that the dispute should be
held before a tribunal of lift:. Protestants and fifty Ca-
tholics, and that both parties should sign an agreement to
abide by the verdict of this body.
The absurdity of establishing a tribunal thus constituted
was apparent. It seevred to the brave Mr. IW3weeny a
drawn battle at least; for the point to be argued was one
on which the Church of Rome had already pronounced its
opinion, by which opinion one-half the Jury, the fifty
Roman Catholics, would, upon tilt it own principles, be
bound. These fifty would, therefore, come into the Jury
box, pledged to affirm Mr. M`Sweeny's proposition; and
could he but gain the vote of a single man of the fifty Pro-
testants, the whole of whom he took care to stipulate should
be of his own choosing, his triumph was safe. Even
should he fail of this, a drawn battle he must obtain.
Dr. Singer, Mr. Daly, and Mr. Urwick, have all accept-
ed his challenge, but they demur to this absurd stipula-
tion; and the ground they take is perfectly unanswerable
" You cannot persist in—you ought not, as a Catholic, to
have prnposed—such a tribunal as this. As a member of
the Church of Rome, you must contend for the infallibility
of that Church, and you must submit to be bound by its
decisions, and by them alone. You are not at liberty, Dr.
Doyle has already told you, to submit a question, on which
your Church has already decided, to the verdict of any
hundred men—and you cant. rt bind yourself to receive
their verdict, against the authority of the Church ; nor
could we. as Protestants, give up the right of private judg-
ment to any body of men whatever. We accept your
challenge, but you must, as a consistent Roman Catholic,
modify this stipulation."
Thus stands the gut stion.—By the last Dublin Evening
Post we learn, that Mr. NI-Srvesiny gives no other answer
to this acceptance, than a reference to a former letter, in
which his stipulations were stated. In other words, he
neither defends his absurd position nor yet abandons it.
The Euglish public will know what to think of Mr.
111`Sweeny. They will say to him, "You have expresad
an earnest desire to hold an argument on the propriety of
the right of private judgment, and on the circulation of the
Bible ; and you have distinctly stated, that your object
was, to disabuse and enlighten us. An opportunity is now
afforded you, and nothing hinders but a single point of
disagreement. That point is one which, it clearly appears,
you cannot, as a consistent Roman Catholic, persist in; it
is also one which has nothing to do with the judgment we
shall form on the arguments adduced. We look to you,
therefore, at once either to abandon or to justify it ; and
your failev, in doing the one or the other must oblige us
to suppose that the wriole affair is a trick, and that nothing
real has ever been intended by you."
In our minds, indeed, there remains no doubt of the real
nature of Mr. APSweenv's proposal. It is nothing more
or less than a new expedient to extricate himself and his
brethren from their uncomfortable predicament; but it
will fail, like all the preceding marneuvres for the same
purpose. It ha.. already failed. The letters of Mr. Daly
and Mr. Urwiek have already put the sincerity of his in-
tentions to the test, and he now stands before the public in
the character of a man who gives a challenge, but takes
care there shall be no fighting.
This last expedient has, therefore, left the Carlow
Priesta rather worse than better by its operation. They
will feel less comfortable now than they did before its trial.
We shall wait with some curiosity to see what will be their
next effort. Something they must do—something they
will do—and the chancJa are, that every fresh manoeuvre
will sink them sleeper into the mire.

CLERKENWELL HOME MISsIONABY
SOCIETY.

Yesterday the Fourth Anniversary of the Clcrkenwell Auxiliary
Society was held, the service of the day commencing by the per-
formance of divine service, at Providence Chapel, St. Jnhn.street_
road, when an appropriate discount. was delivered by the Rev. 0.
Clark, of Ponder's-end.
In the afternoon the Committee, Suberribers, ate. partook of a
repast at the Crown Tavern, Clerkenwell-green, and at half-past
six in the evening the annual meeting was held at Spatields
chapel (Lady Huntingdon's), and notwithstanding the unfavour-
able state of the weather there were upwards of one thousand per-
sons present. The Rev. O.C. Seurat, of Penzance, in the Chair.
The Reverend Mr. Eewors invoked the Divine blessing on the
Society, after which—
The Rev. CHAIR MAN opened the business of the ea ening by
congratulating the meeting upon the Surma of the first exertions of
the Society, which was not only a proof of their etforta being se-
conded by the divine blessing, but also an earnest of the fur ure pro-
tection of the Almighty. The' Parrot Society had gone on from
stage to stage, and from strength to strength, and it was astonish-
ing, when the funds of the Society were looked at, by what means
the objects of the Society were carried into effect. From a small
beginning the Society had become one of the great national and
metropolitan institutions, and its progress was in a very great de-
gree owing to the seal of the ladies, who Fenerally, indeed,
stood foremost in every work which bad for we object the in.'
struction of the ignorant and the amelioration of human woe.
That active exertions were necessary was apparent from the zeal
manifested by those who went about to promulgate doctrines which
went the length of disputing the resurrection of our Saviour, and
endeavoured to uproot the very ground-work of the Christian re-
ligion. To such extent indeed had these infidel principles been
carried, that public debating Societies had been opened, to promote
them ; and the managers of these places had stated their determi-
nation to employ 51isaionaries to dis:eminate their tenets in various
parts of the kingdom. The Rev. Chairman concluded an ener-
getic address amid considerable applause.
Alr. BERRY, the Secretary, read the Report, by which it tip-
peared.that during the past year great success had attended Ihe
exertions of the Parent Society, which at present employs 40
Missionariea, who labour in 21i8 villages, among a population of
146,000 Pottle, about 20.1100 of which elatedly hear the Gospel,
and 3,000 village children receive the benefit of religious
instruction; and, moreover, that the Tract Society had sent
forth, through the medium of this Society, nearly half a
million of its little messengers of moral truth. It also appeared
that the funds of the society had been considerably augmented, and
that the auxilliary society had been thereby enabled to increase it,
annual contribution to the parent fund. The report concluded by
' an appeal for increased odour and more extended
The Rev. R. QIfRBIS, of Hartland, Devon, sAldressed the meet-
ing, and pointed out the utility of the society. Its object wits not
to make sectaries to the prejudice of the Lstablished Church, but
to convert the ignorant to Christianity. The Rev. Gentleman ems-
chided by moving that the report be printed, and circulated under
the dirclion of the Committee.

Mr. t ITCH seconded the motion.
The Cum nmax and several other Gentlemen addressed the
Meeting; at the conclusion of which a liberal collection was made
in aid of the funds of the society.

Sittings appointrd in Middlesex and London, before the
Right lion. Sir William Draper Beat, Knight, Lord Chief
Justice of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, at West-
minster, in and after Michaelmas Term, MS.—

IX TERM.
MIDDLESEX. LONDON.
Tuesday . - Nov. 8 Thursday
Wednesday . 18 Thursday
Wednesday . —23 Thursday .

Nov. 10
17

APTIR TRIM.
Tuesday . Nov. Wednesday . . Nov. 30
N.ll. The Court will sit at ootro'clock or. Nay. 8, 10, 16, and
17, and at half past ten precisely on each of the other days.

SINGULAR CAVE.—The existence of a singular cave in
the county of Berks, of this State (Pennsylvania), near
Maiden Creek, has long been known to the surrounding
inhabitants, but it has never been explored with any per-
severance until a short time past. The entrance to the
cave is so small that it is with difficulty a person can crawl
in at the aperture at the mouth. It gradually widens, until
it trininates in a spacious circular chamber, about 50 feet
in breadth, and from 420 to 30 in height. This is sur-
rounded by five or six smaller ones, which are regular in
shape, with an even bottom. In the central chamber, at
one extremity, stands an extraordinary elevation of solid
atone, which has the perfect appearance of a church pulpit,
insomuch that several have supposed it the work of art.
Several fine springs issee from the rocky walls, and many
pecnliai specimens of fossil remains have been found in
different parts of this stibterrancous vacancy. A small
opening has been discovered in one spot, which the ex-
plorers are now clearing away, hoping to discover some-
thing still more curious and interesting.—Philadelphia
Pape r.

At Nashville Teun, on the Ist of August, Colonel A.
Love, the conductor of a steam-mill, while superintending
its operations, in stepping near the pitman wheel, was acci-
dentally thrown off his balance, and struck by the wheel
down into the midst of the machinery, and, shocking to
relate, was literally torn to pincs.—Warhingtun Gazette.
