.-C,st
• fei

.. . •
• * TVe Presiilesit of tie SIAM,' bat Alrteultural Su-
Aely"—who nut neillliesilto:
" Atriall its vise and-erearia value."
The !widths of 11. e Maroon' of Lanoilown,,,Lord Doodah
'Lord Somerville, Sir %V. W. Wynn, mid Sin thsurige Je wing.
halm, wire alter wares giveu mid dniuli.
" 111 r. Ilrati"--attrtee times three.
" Mr. linnionse" —three times there. •
" Sir :lulus Siuclatr, l'resideut of the Board of Agricul-
ture."
Oil the health of Mr. Bh.ihie being proposed, Mr. Cwhe
'denied Awoke iu behalf of kis fireweed, whom be Said he
looked upon more as • friend than a servant.
Mr. Coke thew took. occaahos S. advert to Mr. Blaikies
cue:tilled sad useful peklicastiosk particularly Mogen.. atm..,
noire, no the preseviallios of teirelpi.. and cm the ronversniii
• arable laud into pastel". Fur thew, Mr. Car side% lee
sad hie frituds coesSlllered 'hernia/area spiry much sodrhled.
Mr. Inds pendent Teunusary of Bur.
folk."
Lord Albemarle 'live •=I Mr. George Alamo, the worthy
Sou of a worthy Father "
Mr. Amos returued thanks.
M Natant proceeded to read the adjodiCatillas, add to old/.
ver the rites to the soeces.fiel Caudidetes.
[Br. Coke presruled Mr Pawl, of fitarstors, with one of
the orates:lied pieces of plate, fur his beautiful house bred
banditti]
la the course of the evening the beahhs of fussy gee.
Odom, weaned we the preceding days were given ; awl
meek soteeediug eirenrensition took plate on agricallOral
subjects, in *bide Me. Coke took a priacipal pad,
comatanicating his practical knowledge en theme topics
for the iufurnsati 111 l end iudruce of the company
in general. Ile also read several lirti is front Sir Julio
in one of whirls a premium of SW was
offered to say une who should pioilecr the hest Agri.,
cultural Report of the Netherlands. it was and till past
nine u dock that the rational and convivial pleasures were
terminate-II with a sen,intent front Lord Allwinarle, expo's-
911re of the warmest thanks to their noble ash Hod ;
who, in his lora, maid, he felt truly grateful is tlwai all fur
Cthe honour they had dune him by easirtionine the meeting
svnis their presence, mid he hoped he should sec thew
soother year, each bringing wee f. lend sit least.
Many interesting speeches were delivered, and ineidenta
occurred, whirl. woe circumscribed Inuits prechsde us from
addiug to this sketch of the proesedi•gs.

PUSH ELACTIONS.

COUNTY OF LIMERICK-SIITH DAY.

Tile Hon. W. Wyudhain Quni u mujunly of 149
over Mr. O'Grucly.

COUNTY WEXFORD ELECTION.

- -
Extract front * bpetch delivered by Mr. M.
Doyle, of Rom. ma giving his vote tit the hastily,
in Wexford. on Tuesday, June 30, 1818:
w Gairturittu—As an independent freeholder, I claim
your attention for a few teloweents whilst I declare my rea-
sons for voting fur Meows. Colelnugh and Carew, in pre-
ference to the two Noble Lords who are their opponents at
this election. Gentlemen, give me leave to nay, that lam not
actuated by ant motives of haired or ill will. but that I am
stimillate4 by the noblest motive that ever warmed the soul
of man-1 mean the love of my country ; said fur the lure
of that country alone do I give my valeta those Gentlemen,
considering them to he Ow must fit sod proper persons to
represent this independent County in Psi Barest. It may be
asked, anal, Gentlemen, if is right to ask any person oho
makes assertions in this Court, to give a just reason for so
doing. My particular reason is. that I think nu independent
freeholder ought to give a vote to any Mall a 110 should sot
publicly and unequivocally declare himself the friend to
Civil mid Religious Freedom. Ally Candidate °polity de-
claring himself to this effect, 1 euni.ider that every liberal
enlightened man should become his friend. This is •
BUeetioo that should. be pin to• every Candidate in thie
ritish Empire; but, particularly in /retard, where four-
drills of the population are kept ui a slate of political
slavery on account of adhering to the faith of their fathers!
—Well, Gentlemen, how does the case mend? My Lord
Valenti*, mane time back called us me, and solicited my
vote; I told him that, as I considered him the friend of
Mr. Tottenham, my towsisinaa, 1 should give it to him, if he
would pledge himself to support the just claims of the
Catholics of Ireland, in Parliament. To this question
received no answer from his Lordship • and from
that moment, I considered him, and all his party, as
standing at the illiberal side, toil I only waited to be soli-
cited by some independent friend to my country, to give
him my feeble assistance, and by so doing, to prove myself
worthy of the name of Irishman. Shortly after ibis occur-
realer, Gentlemen, Mr. Goldoni, waited on me. and re.
quested my vote. I then put the same gumbo, to him,
that I bad previously put to my Lord Valentia--and. Gen.
neaten, what was his answer? Why this—that he would nip.
port Catholic I:mancipatiun, and nut only that measure.
but that he would at all times, and we all occasions,
use his best exertions to ameliorate the coalition of his suf-
fering countrymen. 541C41, Gentletisen, was the language of
the patriot. Gentlemen. as for Mr. Carew, kis past Par-
liamertary conduct is the eery beet of pledges ful his tailor,
and to there two justly esteemed and popular Cahilirlatea I
give my support ; and, by doing so, I feel an tomcat pride
that, humble as A am, I lave dune my duty."

_
WEXFORD POLL.
Carew. Colelmegh. Stspfurd. l'altitifa.
Illeaday, Jaw 20.. 10 10 la 16
Tuesday, 301 h .... 153 251 CM 236
Wedue•day, July 1 276 277 162 267
Thursday. 24 .... 265 267 244 241
Friday, 34... .... 302 294' 226 247
Saturday, 4th .... 284 288 243 227
111suitlay, Oth .... 254 255 232 239

1,656 1,623 1,616 1,467
MONAGHAN ELECTION.

MONAGHAN. JUN; 30.
Yesterday our elect' tool• place for two u►em-
bers to serve in Parliattte►►t. It ass not contested,
as we expected—Mr. Corry having ;resigned on
Friday, on the terms that Mr. Westenra wit. u
vocally to declare on the hustings • thit•" hi would
support the Protestant Ascendancy in Church and
State, and oppose Ca*elk Emanciµ►tiou. Col.
Leslie and Mr. Westerlies, were weeerdiugly elected.
