7HE SILK TRADE.

yesterday a very rumeroos Meeting of the inhaltitanto of the
parish of tit. Mettle,. Bethnal-getrin. took glace at toe parish
church. poreuact to p.iblie notice, for the purpose of taking into
rorunkratiar the dirretvort vate of the *ilk tvei.ver,, mot to adopt
imh meamtro at might be deemed txpedieht, LI rider existing

eumstances.
Anent one &dock alr. Woon, one of the Chuichwardenti, wu

calferl t 0 the chalk. . i. - i
Mr. Geetteri, in -a wistech of some length. pet forth the preterit
alarming- and • tuserecedetoed state of die mess into which whole
parishes Imd been Moneyed, owing to a etagnadm In the itilit trade.
As he underetivrd ;hat Mr. Brutton had a Memorial prepared, he
mowed that it %boatel he rend. - -
The /ter. 31r. littowx seconded the motien.
Mr. Ilatoreoe theta presented himself mi the table, and was
warmly welcomed. lie said he apposred befbre them in-a double
capacity. that of einliaitor, and Vestry Clerk... He lied eketched the
draught of a •Meniorial to the Board of Trade, but before he pro.
eeeded to read It. he begged leave to offer a few observations.
(Hear. btar.i lie was every to say dont the pictore drawn by
31e. (liable • we-. not over.coloured ; for, in his aided capacity as
Veal Clerk. he hit been during two bye orlast week busily en.
irged, from 7 o'clock in the morning until 1') o'clock at night, in
n aping out orders of removal, and lornishiog relief to the nume-
rous applicants who solicited i;. There were then in the workhouse
between 900 and WO persons. and the out.pensioners amounted to
upsets% of 121M1, which latter number cent the parish weekly the
corn cif 1301. °ales( Tuesday alone there were 350 applications
fu- rel;ef. " Oracimtelitiel !" exclaimed Mr. Brutam, " how has
this misery arisen ? or where will it erd." Although he would
nit wish to speak disrespectful of the dead, (Mr. Ricanlo),yet it was
right to state that ed! the present distress owed hi existence to the
influence of. dee fsecinjoinie wade " Free Trade" and " Politico!
Economy.' Fee two yeats, he said, he had with the. weavers of
Spitafilielde stroggled bard, but unsuccessfully, to resit the repeal of
the Spi4llielde Amt. under which the Silk Trade had enjoyed such
pootiction, end its anisette such happineea. The masters who had
been the clime of briagtng forward that llinitUr.. were. he believed,
now heartily sorry for it. He rueinteined that without prohibitory
laws fur the protection of the Silk Trade in 'hie ceuntry it must. be
teterly des:riled. Neither 30, nor 60. nor 90 per cent. would
preyent smuggling, on the contrary it would only act as a
bounty, *Mess a chain of vessels was drawn from the Lirard
Point to the North hen. For every single piece of goods that
would come into this country on' payment of the duty. ten would
fleet AA/ Way wilhoutpaying any duty at all. He sincerely hoped
hie hlejeety's 31inieters would abandon the project of carrying
such a measure into effect, and he trusted the public press. that
great orgui of the public voice, would Om came forwent at this
m mists, and with their powerful aid assist so many thou.
sends of theiritellow.countrytiten -who were, without any fault or
misconduct on their pens, reduced to the lowest state of human
rais try. bit. Brutton then primed t 'high 'hiiloglunf in his-Mit-
jenty's Ministers; a better set of men, he believed, never held the
ivies of deveroureof in theit hands (cheers), and if there be one 1
mom than ammeter that be Weaned!, it we that venerable Noble.
man the hoed High Cheacelor, who fur upwards of 20 years had
held the . "Of dim country withywololionour to himself. Vet
this u it not bran bad belt • owl leadisaail bemuse he
ar4eas
appe eletennived‘most cenecipitioush, to dbit:harp his public
duties. 31r. B. next referred roe recent Meetioo of Agriculturists in
the county of Durset,a?,4 dwelt much wan die report of I clergy-
man's epoch on that pet-anion. (nab. which heread extracts (from
the British Press of last Tilley ),ethene that Lhvine contended. that
the agricultural and eribufacting nits-Tom were inseparably inter.
woven with each intr. Ile jodulgesi the hope that Ministers would,
through the Board of Trade, be indueed,'Oas anon as Parliament met,
to extend the time tyr the encitudott of foreign silks Circe or five
yea.* longer. No doubt this delay might cause some inconvenience
to the French manpfactureys, who meibetely were all now busy in
prepaing their July eiders ; byt wog ehoulk we care about their
tueonectience? (Great ap lame.) Can we, without mingled feel.
ings of sorrow and rt gret, car of this btunle at feyons when Beth
nal.green is beggiag aud n tears? (A deafening applautte foie
lowed this sentenco—te parish that has. under the prohibitory sys-
tem, for the last fifty
.years advanced in a state of unparalleled
prosperity, having during that tithe made sit increase of 1,5410
houees, anal etontaining a population of 50,000 inhabitants. He
concluded by saying, that he trusted his Alnjesty.o 31inistere would
pause before they.consigned so ynany thousands of his Majesty's
lova! and industrious subjects to the worktiouee. Wrest applause
followed the conclusion of Mr. Bruttnn's speech.)
Mr. lin terries then commenced to read the memorial addressed
to the Board of Trade. and which was of great length. It sets oat
by stating the great distress into which the weavers are plunged..
draws a frightful picture of the misery in which they are placed.
and stela that the stagnation so produced originated with the repeal
est the prohibitory Feature, and the prospective importations of
French and foreign silks under a zloty of 30 per cent. Irfurther
states that it may b: deemed presumptuous to cell in question the
wisdom of Parliament. or the measures of his Majesty's Govern-
went, as to the subject matter in tpieetion. They however feel
assured that stall 'measures have been well intended : but if thou.
lands of his Majesty's subjects in this part of the metropolis,
who hate tiered large families under the prohibitory system
foe a long seriee sergeant—is it of no consequence to the State that
these thousands of people, brought up lei an their infalicy to man.
Fowl in one pursuit, must have their grey hairs brought down with
sorrow to the grave,' that the repeal ut tine prohibitory systmn
will not only be the cause of the ruin Di- the ueands of operatives,
but with client a great number of other respn.table tradesmen ; '
that the property and wealth of the parish have materially in-
ceased during the last few years ; diet a consitletable number of
streets hare been inede, and many hundred new houses erected ex.
pvesely for silk looms, the proprietors of such homier being induced
to invest their capital thus employed by the flottrishing state of
this branch of manufacture under the prohibitoly lase, the repeal
of which will cause houses to be untenanted, mid the taxis to his
majesty's government lost; that already the greater part of these
houses have become useless property. the distress being sa great,
the lanteloird cannot yet his rent ; that many respectable house-
keepers, who have Inc penes pea contributed to the poor-rate, are
now beet me paupers) themselves. lit conclusion, is implored the
Honourable Board to devise some incans that may tenet to check
the evil that is hourly and daily iecretsing (West applause.)
.Mr. Wen RT Es" ANT said there could be but one sentiment as to
propriety of adoption the memorid just read. If the new regula-
tions were to be conical into effect, the Silk Trade would be
completely crushed. lie therefore moved, that the Memorial lie
approved. •
Mr. We et.ieet Vogwo..who seconded the motion, drew a
frightful picture of the state of trade this month, as contrasted with
the corresponding month of the year before.
Mr. PAYTON said, that rrom official document+ it appeared there
bad been Imported into this country late year nearly 3.400.000 lb..
of raw silk, and allowing 30s. per lb. for wages. would of itself
bring into circulation four millions anti A half. lie had been that
day ii.tiirnicil by persons who woe examining the state of the
do I:11. Mat MA one out of retry six were at work.
Mr. ri 113 BoN s said half the slistreseve of the weavers were not
known, as many of them lund sold their beds and bankets„ at this
season ce the year, to provide bread for their children • and he had
that morning ei;nessed the grates being carted out of 'their houses.
and sold for the purposes of present relict. The select vestry would
nn doubt do any thing in their power to ameliorate the condition
re tame poor, but they wanted the means to reach the extent of the
evil. 11e proposed that the Memorial 'Mould be laid in the vestry
for sigrat milt ; that a Committee of 21 persons, with the Church.
wades and perish officers. lee appointed to carry the resolutions
into effect; and that Ile. Brunton. be requested to lend his assist.
our. to the Committee.
Mr. Bit r't TON said lie would cheerfully do every thing in his
power to serve his tellow-pariehionere. A Committee of 21 orr-
eries was then appointee]. After which the thanks of the meeting
were voted to Mr. Brutton, and craned by acelaniation.
hire 'intro Ton returned thanks in a neat 'speech thanking them
for that .idtlitito al murk of their confidence. lie bud firmerly
piedged himself at all times to come fervent, and he honed he had
ream,' ed his pledge. (Cries tit " You hate, you have !")
The thanks of itie meeting were voted to the Chairman, and the
ere:little then separa;ed.

We ol,scrve in a Paper of yesterday, following some re-
muks upon the canvass now carrying on for the livre-
t:t.tation of the Univetsity of Cambriil:"., the statement of
rlpPrOtlit Lord Palmerston is to he created an English
l'i•cout:t ; wt pc authorised to state that such a report
has to. fotaitdition whateva.—Cc

TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRITIsIf PRESS•

Sta—lt is my duty, as the attorney of Messrs. Hurst,
Robinson, and Co.. to inform yen that the paragraph which
appeared in the Times of this morning respecting them is
not only unauthorised but false. The amount of their
engagements is most grossly exaggerated, and it is untrue
that they have made a general stoppage of payments. It is,
however, not to be denied that bills have been dishonoured
from the impossibility of raising cash in the present unex-
ampled state of the money market, though they have an
abundance of funds to met t all engagements, and a hand-
some surplus of property. As false and exaggerated state-
ments are calculated to produce much unnecessary alarm,
and deeply to injure, not only Messrs. Hurst, Robinson,
and Co., but all those establishments which are known to
be contwettd with them, you will greatly oblige them by
sot admitting into your respectable columns any statement
on the subject. An action will be commenced against the
publishers of the Times this day. 1 sue, for Tuttle, self,
and Gaunt,

Sir, your very obetlient Servant,
JAS. RICHARDSON.

33, Poultry, 16th Jan., 16213.

WEST POAST or Araica.—We have been• favoured
with the petuaal of a letter, written by an intelligent naval
officer, which states that when the Anatine left the Cape

the surveying squadron was about to proceed to the west
coast of Africa. The Purser of the Leven, and a Lieu-

tenant, died at the Cape ; awl 32 officers have fallen vic-

dons to the climate since the surrey was begun, among

whom are the two Lieutenants of tln.Espiegle. It appears
that little has been done to check the progress of the slave
trade in that part of the world ; one vessel had been cap-
tured by the Leven, and another by the Ariadne, off Ma•
dasasesr, from which t 49 slaves were liberated, 32 of
whom subsequently died. A number ot bodies were found
on the beach, the Frenchmen having cruelly thrown them
overboard. These .poor victims were cooped up in a vessel
of only 80 tons, which took in her cargo on the cast coast,
and was bound to Bourbon. The French in these seas

carry on the abominable traffic with as much vigour as
ever, and almost with impunity. When the Ariadne
touched at Madagascar on her passage home, the King,
Radamali, was turning the French and Arabs from every
part of the island. Dreadful fevers had carried off thou.
sand+ of his troops. and many rebellions have taken place,
which had been as many times quelled. Ile possesses a
fine army. and a powerful adviser in the agent, Mr. Ilastie;
without him he could do nothing. Ultimately he will pos-
sess the whole of this extensive island, which is a fine
country, and will one day be of some importance, having
fine harbours, and abounding with cattle and timber.—

finmpihire Chronicle.
LAW PROMOTIONS IN Int t.Axo.—We have beard it
stated that the following changes are contemplated :—Lord
Norbnry retires. The vacant seat on the Bench, in the
Common Pleas, to he filled by Mr. Sergeant Lefroy. Mr.
Doherty succeeds Mr. Lefroy as Sergeant at Law.—

Dublin Mot fling rust. _
TIIC SILK TRADE.—The account of the number of
home standing idle, and weavers, &c., out of employ, in
Spitalflelds and its environs, was forwarded to the Trade
Committee last Saturday. The report was u follows:
LOOMS. 13,000 ; weavers. &c., 15,060 ; adding wives and

ehr;dren to this number, it may be fairly calculated that
there are 30,000 souls at this inclement season suffering
the most painful privations. In Betlniallreen parish the
distress is felt most severely, particularly among the
tradespeople, who, as they find the poor-rates increase,
their means to pay them diminish. The following is a
correct abstract from the workhouse books of the above pa-
.

rish alone, up to Friday last, viz. :—Paupers in the house,
800 • ditto, receiving relief out of the !wipe, 1,000. Re-
ceived into the house on Saturday (in addition to the above
number) 24' families, some of whom have from one to six
children each. The house is now so full they are obliged
to sleep three and four in a bed.
The following fart relative to Rail-roads is valuable:—

-r• -
Goods from Lirerpool to London, by wagon, are charged
121. per ton, and delivered on the sixth day. By the canal,
41. per ton; delivered on the Bth, 12th, and 16th day. By
the van, 161. per ton; and delivered on the third day ; and
of so melt linportance is despatch in many commercial
transactions, that the vans are often laden almost to break-
ing down. By the rail-road, 192 miles, calculated at the
Stockton and Darlington price of 2d. per mile, a ton would
only be 11. 12s. with certain delivery on the second day.
The superiority of railway communication is therefore
clearly demonstrated, for n combines all the r..quisitcs—
safety, expedition, and cheapness.—Corliale Patriot.
Last week, Kinross county gaol, long celebrated as a
place of durance, was sold to a manufacturer of candles in
that place, to be converted, we understand, into a manu-
factory of his commodity—a new gaol being now about
finished. We have heard as many anecdotes of the old
one as of the famous Heart of Mid Lothian. We have
been assured that, at one period, it was no uncommon thing
for the prisoners to bear the keys of their own apartments,
and that on the public streets debtors have been heard soli-
citing their hard-hearted creditors for enlargement. A ma-
nufacturer of brooms went out regularly to collect materials
for his work, anal, during certain hours of the day, made
his prison a shop for the disposal of his goods.—Perlk

Courier.
On Thursday a county meeting took place at Derby, to
consider the propriety of the abolition of negro slavery.
There were present the High Sheriff, the Duke of Devon-
shire, Lord Kinnaird, Hon. G. Lamb, Sir Roger Gresley,
Bart., Francis Mundy, Esq., M,P., W. Evans, Esq.,
M.P., &c. A number of speeches were made in Con-
demnation of slavery, and a string of resolutions in
favour of petitioning Parliament on this subject, was
adopted by the meeting.
A singular proceeding was adopted on Sunday in the
parish Chureit of St. ).!ary-le-Strand, immediately after
divine service. It appears there has been a difference ex-
isting for some time between the parishioners and the
clergyman respecting the appointment of parish clerk.
The appointment is in the rector, the salary in the parish.
The parishioners requested the rector to appoint an old
parishioner of respectability, the curate recommended a
stranger; the latter succeeded, and the stranger now offici-
ates, but the parish refuses to pay any salary. On Sunday,
the Sth, the churchwarden desired the clerk to read a notice
.for the meeting of a vestry in the usual manner, which he
refused unless paid for; the churchwarden then directed
him to make a charge; he read the notice, and the follow-
ing day sent in a regukar bill, charging 10e. ud. fur every
notice delivered since his appointment. The vestry deter-
mirel to resist this demand, and it being neceiriary to pub-
lisp a particular notice in the Church on Sundry last, the
I notice eras tendered first to the ch rk then to the curate to
read ; both gave a distinct refusal, when, to the surprise of
the congregation, immediately alter the sermon their at-
tention was directed to the beadle mounting one of the seats
, by the font, and with stentorian lungs—tkeer ! Oyer!
delivered the required notice. The matter is likely to end
• I by st.consultation with some of the Long Robes of *Doctors'
C 0 4121110115.

SPORTIXG lA:DELUGE-ITE.

TATTERSALL: S, Mein)AT, J.w. 16.

Very little business was done till the close of the afternoon, many
of the leading betters being absent till then. There isnot anything
to notice, if we except the prinripal favourites for the (hike,
Mignionette being now third favourite instead of first. Belzoni, for
the St. Leger, gradually advances.
Amongst the sporting gentlemen preqem were several from Lei-
cestershire, who are prevented enjoying the pleasures of the chase
by the 'entity of the seather.

DERBY.
Si to 1 rept Monarch
II to I apt Tredrille
I:i to I apt The General
11l to I cyst Grantarie
20 to I agst Advance
22 to I apt Panic (Zulleta)
26 to I apt Sophist

tni to 1 ago PoWens
35 to 1 agst Cedric'
3' to 1 agst ltolivar
441 to 1 agst Pluto (taken)
SO to 1 aggt 11eray
150 to 1 agst Llarossa (taken)

t to I agst Pawn
i; to I ugstllagrea
6% to I apt 31ignionette

II to 1 eget flizabeth
12 in 1 &get Mous
13 to 1 agsi Henry

IT. ts:os:R.
to 1 twit Bedlarnite 35 to 1 *gat Barefoot
WI to 1 ago Brizont (taken) 50 to 1 agst Restless
12 to 1 r4!.t Crorader (takeu) 2000 to NI agotKingeole(taken)
,20 to 1 apt Ilaratalia 200 to :10 agst .t.:•.clphenson's colt
26 to 1 art talyvao (taker) i (tcltcn)

..,

misconduct on their putts; led
• mis •ry. Mr. Brutton 'lke pa
jeety's Ministers; a better set a
MI rei:ss of Chnerineent in their h
more th.m another that he ester
• twin the I,orti High Chrticell
held ditali of anti country "wi
this u st not loran bad beet
appea deteriniVetl,.most cmi
Os duties. Mr. B. next referred co t
id the county of Ihnset‘reid tlwel
man's vetch on that o...radon.
the Brilish Prue of jut Ftilay
P the agricultural and tnabufacti
woven with each other. Ile pub
P through the Board of Tirade, be
to extend the lute tor the each
lei yarn longer. No doubt this del
to the French =ingratiate/a,
IL.. preparin; their Juty orders ; I
inconvenience? (Great applim
inns of sorrow and r, Bret. hear
i" nal-green is begging and in tt
lowed this sentence)-1 parish
tern, for the last fifty
.years
at prosperity, hating doting th,
M. houses, and untaining a pont
✓e
concluded by saying, that he ti
IMP pause before they.consigned o
local and industrious subjects
followed the conclusion of Mr.
in Mr. IInISTTOX then COMM
led to the Board of Trade. and wh
he by stating the great distress in
led draws a frightful picture of
MI and state, tint the stagnation s
to Of the penhihitory S•atltes, I
'OIL French and foreigrt silks unde
die i, states that it may be deemed
ion wisdom of Parliament. or the
led sent, as to the subject mat
id, tainted that stirhmteenures h
3r- sands of his 3lajesty's subje
In, who have rimed large Am
rds for a long series of yeant—is i
the these thousands of people, be
Tr., hood in one pursuit, must bee
de. sorrow to the grave,' that th
ate will not only be the cause et
fly but with them a grist num
ter that the property and went
rid, ceased during the list few
lon streets have been iii,:de, and I
ant prosily for silk looms, the pet
iw. to invest their capital thus
ore this branch of manufacture
ney cf which will cause houses
the Majesty's government lost;
. at houses have become %toeless
ell. the tataillad cannot yet hit
uch kerp?rs, who have for yaws
fives now ben me 'supers' themst
llonoureble Boardto devise
rs;c; the evil that is hourly and de
the Mr. STIJRTEV ANT Mad I
saw_ 11TOpTiety Oin AltoptiNg the m
van tions were to be carriud in
completely crushed. lle th
On app roved.
Mr. Wii.i.rAir Youyo,
et- frightful picture of the state
'llf, the corresponding month of t
We Mr. PAYTON said, that Ii
out bed been Imported into this
r.i. of rdw silk, and allowing
bring into circulation four t
to tley informed by persons e
Tr. I;ons, that nut one out of e,
Mr. titssows said half
,;,e known, as many of them lin
0, anion of the year, to proittli
I that morning witnessed thee
ti :t sad sold for the purposes of i
I, v no doubt do any thing in I
k a of t'de poor, but they wante
fish evil. Ile proposed that the
it d for sigraturt s ; that a Conon
wardens and perish officers.
ter, into effect; and that I.lr. lit
dog antt, to the Committee.
and Mr. fhtt!TTON 140 he w
any power to serve his tellow.p,
tolif was then appointed. ..
%Tile were voted to Mr. Brutton, ,
the Mr. lid uvrax returned t
at- for that addittm al mark c
Out piet,geti himself at all times
I if redee,, eA his pledge. (Cries
I to 'the Os auks of the meeting
rre:titig then separced.
i or s•serrnes.
na I, We olarrve in a Papal
him marks upon the conifer
ring t.:i.tation of the Utlivetsii
pile 1 riper( !het Lord Poirot
it of. ri•couin ; RI pre such,
ion. iiii. YID. fotai3dition whale.
~.
, _
