PLAGUE IN EGYPT!

The following communication from the Russian Coast
General in.Londou was yesterday received at Lloyd's!.....
" RUSSIAN CONSC LATE. JULY' telt 1823.
" The undersigned Consul General of the empire of
Russia in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and be,
land, being authorised by his Government to notify tta
measures adopted for the preservation of the public health,
loses no time in making them knoWn to all whom it may
concern, by the following translation :
" he Imperial Government of Russia has been in-
formed, that part of the crew of the Swedish brig, Vor.
tuna, Captain Hackling,. have died from the effect of the
plague, which has manifested itself in Egypt. In conga.
quence of that information, the Ministers of the Home
Department have taken necessary measures, in order that
the most vigorous precaution should be observed, onlyent
in regard to the said Swedish vessel, but also with all ves-
sels in general that may arrive into the ports or harbours
of Russia from Egypt ; such vessels will not otherwise ho
admitted but on exhibiting the clear and unquestionable
evidence of their having performed a full quarantine of
purification at Christiansand, or at Kensoe ; and that all
and every communication with such vessels should be re.
mote, and the questions ought to be directed to them
strictly in conformity with the quarantine rules. If vet.
?els coming from Egypt should even produce the above..
mentioned evidence or documents, it is nevertheless order-
ed not to admit them, but after their having performed
the twelve (lays of precaution, and after all their crews and
passengers have passed the examination by the medical
officers.

(Signed) " A. DE DUDATCLIOFSLY.
" To John Bennett. Eq., Lin) d'+."

RoMislf RELICS.

A letter from Aix-la-Chapelle, dated the 10th instant,
inserted in the Oracle de Bruxelles, contains the fui•
lowing particulars:—
" Aix-la-Chapelle is in possession of the most ancient and
most precious relics, and they are only exposed to the
view of the Faithful every seventh year. The year Nei
time for this sight has now arrived. Last Saturday, at
three o'clock in the afternoon, the repository in the Cathe.
dral where they relics are preserved, was opened. It i a
chest enriched with jewellery, and was carried with great
pomp into the middle of the choir. More than two thou.
sand persons, among whom was the young Duchess of
Arcnburg, occupied the body of the cathedral. The rig.
ing of bells bad announced this septennial ceremony. !ha
Virgin's robe, the swaddling clothes in which the Son of
God was wrapped at the moment of his birth ; the dotlt
which co 'erect a part of Jesus Christ's body when he
was nailed the cross, and lastly the linen in which the
Ludy of St. John was enveloped after his decapitation.
" On Sunday, the succeeding thy after high mass, these
relics were carried to the top of the cathedral tower, and
there, by the sound of bells and trumpets, shown to the in-
numerable multitude who filled the neighbouring sheets
and squares. The number of spectators was estimated at
between twenty and thirty thousand. From four o'clock.
in the morning all the roads leading to Aix were covered
with pilgrims, horses, chariots, and all manner of
equipages, ancient and modern. Even the whole of the
inhabitants of one village flocked to the town. This eon.
comae of spectators, and the showing the relics, will eon.
thine for fifteen days, counting from last Sunday. But
what would be still more curious than the sight of the
relics would be the exhibition of the certificate of etch
origin; it is probable that in such a case the number cf
inquisitive would be even greater than at present. One
ought not, however, to come far to see these wonders; for
there are few countries which does not possess the same
relics that are shown at Aix-la-Chapelle, and it is well
understood that where you may happen to be there Me
only true ones."

TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRITISH PRESS

Ste-,—From the annexed article, copied from the St
James's Chronicle, one would suppose that it was a custom
in the island of Jamaica to sell free persons into slavery.
Now the actual fact is this : on every estate there will be
some lazy vagabonds, who, absconding from labour, prefer
to live a wandering life, subsisting by cheating and plun-
der. When apprehended they are sent to the nearest work-
house. Believing that it may assist in their escape, they
frequently assume a false name, and its many instincts
state that they are free, and fabricate the name of
a father or relative who never existed. This I know from
actual knowledge. They are kept in the workhouse a
certain number of months. If no owner appears to claim
them, and they still assert they are free, they arebrought
before a Special Sersion or Board of Magistrates, sum-
moned fur the purpose. Witnesses, documents, and
every other description of evidence are examined. If their
claim to freedom is substantiated, they are liberated;
if not, they are directed to Le sold for the pay-
ment of their maintenance, fees, &c.; and I positively
assert that no Black can be sold from a workhouse who
asserts that he is free without the above investigation liar-
ing taken place. In many instances slaves give in fictitious
names for the purpose of being sold out of the wo:khousss,
as the sum for which they are sold is so trifling, that they
get their friends or acquaintance or some relative to pur-
chase them, and they, by this means, as an arrangementl
has taken place between the parties, become free; there-
fore,l instead of perpetuating slavery, in most instances it is
thc very reverse.
VERAX.

[From the St. James's Chronicle, July 16
" In the Royal Gazelle of Jamaica, of the 10th of September,
is contained the followils advertisement :
•• Mancheitir IVorkhouse, August 4, 1024.
Notice is hereby given, that unless the under.m,n•iined shins
are taken out of this workhouse prior to Wednesday, the I.'ilth
ISeptember next, they will on that day, between the hours of t.'s
I and twelve o'clock in the forenoon, be put up to puLlie sale, and
sold to the highest and best bidder, at the Court-house, Mandeville,
agreeably to the workhouse law now in force for payment of their
fees :—Lleenor Davidson, a Creole, four feet eleven inches; sha
has a little girl wilt her, and has been delivered of a male child
since she has been in the workhouse; says she is free, and that
John Davidson, a free brown man, of Kingston, is her father.
" By order of the Cnm•uissioners,
"JOHN HOLLINGSWORTH, Supervisor."
(Now follow the editorial remarks:—)
'• It was only in September last that the outrageous violation of
humanity and Justice was perpetrated under the operation of t hat it
mockery in law in the island of Jamaica. and that not covertly l.ut
openly. A female, the mother of two children, one recently bet n.
is confined in gaol, without a pretext of any kind for her arrest an 1
imprisonment; and, without a single reason being assigned for It,
is doomed, with her children, to perpetual slavery."

• THOMASTON, JCNE 14.—0 n Saturday night last, some
person, not having the fear of dungeons, lime rock, or gun-
powder before his eyes, descended through the passage fur
the admission of teams into the prison-yard, opened the
inner gate, broke the lock of the powder magazine, and
removed therefrom two casks of powder. He had conveyed
lone cask to the passage way, and was snaking off with the
other, when he was perceived by the man cn guard, who
on hailing him and receiving no answer, discharged his
rifle at hilts as he was passing through the inner gate.
Dark as it was, the fellow had a " hair-breadth escape; .
as upon examination it was found, that the ball must have
passed within two inches of his heat!. Taking a dislike to
gunpowder all at once, and perhaps not listing fond of the
music of bullets whistling about Ins ears, he dropt his
Dupont and effected his escape. At the time of firing the
guard supposed it was one of the convicts who had con-
trived to break out of his cell, although he had a few
minutes before examined the cells and found all safe.
Rogues often break out of prison, but we have.ncver before
heard of any one so partial to such places as to give him-
self the trcuble to break in.—New Turk Gu.l4le,
June 23.

Tire Cocooy, QUEEN Brmis.—This aqmishing
insect is about one inch and a quarter in length, and what
is wonderful to relate, she carries by her side, just above
her waist, two brilliant lamps, which she lights up at plea-
sure, with the solar phosphorus, furnished her by nature.
These little lamps do not flash and glimmer, like that of
the fire fly, but give as steady a light as the gas light, exhi-
biting two perfect spheres, as large as a minute pearls
which affords light enough in the darkest night to enabl,
one to read print by them. On carrying her into • dark
closet in the day-time she immediately illuminates her
lamps, and instantly extinguishes them on coming again
into ie light. But language cannot describe the beauty
and sublimity of these lucid orbs in miniature, with which
nature has endowed the queen of the insect kingdom.—
Ncw Fork Advertiser, June 23.

OF LONDON TITHES.

The 'detest which, more particularly during some
months pest, has been excited by the consideration of the
unplessact disputes arising out of the situation of the
Tithes in several parishes within the city and liberties of
London ; and of the proposed measure for the relief of
some of these perishes, lately pending in Parliament, has
attracted much of our attention.
The sill introduced in the House of Commons was op.
posed mid lost on the second reading, upon the ground that
the House could not interfere to take away the rights and
properties of parties without their consent, iu the manner
pro?ttsed by such Bill.
l ite Bill in question, of which a copy is before us, pro-
weed tonfford relief to the several perishes of Allhallows
Barking, Allhallows the Less, St. Botolph without Ahlgate,
St. Giles without Crip;ilegate, and St. Gregory by St.
Paull', (as also, we presume, to such other parishes as
might have been &dead to the Schedule of the Act before
it pared,) by alloting specific sums to he paid, in lieu of
tithes, to the several imprepriatots and incumbents, and
(we infer from the blanks left in the schedule) i 5 the se-
veral other parties in possession of, or claiming to be entit-
led toe the tithes of those ravishes respectively ; and con-
taining also a clause, " That in any parish or parishes
where soy huproptiations be, it shall not be necessary for
the impn:friator, or impropriators, henceforth to pay or
alloy Ulf sum or VMS of money to the respective inaun-
,:betits oreuch respective parishes.
That the Bill, for the minion alleged in opposition to it,
should not have succeeded, occasions us no surprise ; but
supposing it hail passid into a law, it teems that it was in-
tended stilt to have left, in the same situation as at present,
the very injurious disputes exisiling in several parishes with-
in London and its liberties, which were included in the
Fire Act, (22 and 23 Cha.2, ch. IS.) ; and it would cer-
tainly sot have affected any of the parishes not included in
that Act, except those before mentioned, and such as
might have been added to the S,:hedule of the Billduring
its through Parllatnent.
e Bill, in its preamble, professes to apply to those
parishes wily, which are not included in the Fire Act ; but
as the very first parish which, in a few lines afterwards, is
mentioned, in the enacting part of the Bill, irthe parish
of St. Gregory, which is included in the Fire Act, as united
to the parish of St. Mary Magdalen, Old Fish-street—we
presume the framers of the Bill must have overlooked that
circumstance : and it seems doubtful whether the clause,
before extracted, in consequence of the generality of its
terrna, " any parish or parishes where any impropriations
be," would not, and was not intended, to have extended to
parishes included in the Fire Act; particularly as that Act
is noticed and referred to by the preamble of the Bill.
As, notwithstanding the failure of this Bill, we enter-
tain coosiderable hope that some means may yet be pro-
vided for putting an end to the very unpleasant disputes,
not less injurious to the best interests of religion than vex-
atious to the parties immediately interested, which have so
long disturbed the tranquillity of many parishes in the
city and liberties of London, in consequence of the present
state of the law respecting their tithes ; we propose, in a
future Number, to resume this sutject, which, at present,
we are laboriorisly investigating ; and if such suggestions
or observations as we shall then offs r, may prove ultimately
of service in so good a cause, we shall think our labours
abundantly repaid. In the mean time we will only ob-
serve, that it is evident parliamentary interference can only
accomplish the object desired—that, in our judgment, be-
fore it as be expected the Legislature will interfere, either
agreements must be concluded between the several tithe-
owners and parties liable to pay tithes, or such proposal for
an accommodation of differences be made by the latter and
refused, as Parlisnient may think ought to have been ac-
quiescd in, in cases where the claitns to tithes are doubtful ;
and that the most probable mode of bringing about such
an accommodation of differences is, in the first place to as-
c.rtain, as correctly as postible„ what are the legal rights
of the parties ; and, with that view, to clear up, as far as
may be, the doubts which at present exist in the construc-
tion of the Acts of Parliament affecting the question, which
doubts byre partly arisen out of the several decisions upon
the London Tithe casts, that have been adjudged in our
Courts of Law.—The Quarterly Theological Review and
Ecclesiastical Record.

REVIEW AT DUELLV.

In the early part of Monday, a report was current,
especially In the public offices, that a grand review of the
troops in garrison would take place at two o'clock in the
Phoenix Park, in honour and in the presence of Mar.
that Macdonald (the Duke of Tarentum), Sir Walter
Scott, and others. Great numbers accordingly flocked to
the fifteen acres.

About two o'clock the different regiments stationed here,
with the exception of that (the 75th) supplying the city
guards fur the day, were on the ground.
Shortly afterwards Sir Colquhoun Grant, accompanied
by Major-General Sir Charles Doyle, and other military
persona of distinction, entered the field. They were
immediately joined by Sir Cohn Campbell, Adjutant-Ge-
neral Gardiner, and the Quartermaster-General, Sir
George Douglas.
Sir Colquhoun Grant having taken his station behind the
Royal Standen', the troops passed before him in slow and
quick time in the followingorder:—
Third Dragoon Guards; a division of Flying Artillery ; the
Third Foot Wards; the 42d Regiment (Ilighlsnders) I the 22d
Regiment s a division of the Flying Artillery ' • the 16th Hussars.
1 be different Regiments then went through a variety of
evo!utions (for which they had no previous preparation),
iedependent of their usual discipline as parade duty ; as
Sir Colquhoun Grant, we understand, communicates his
orders only on the spot, as if he, and those under him, were,,
en a field of battle.

All those who accompanied Sir Culquhoun Grant, but
tuo, wore the British uniform; one of those two must, it
be the " Maresehal de France." One of the
Gentlemen wore a green coat and white hat, but he ap-
Kared too young foe the veteran Macdonald. The other
was dressed in a plain military Nock, with a corresponding
list and leathet. Ali agreed he was the man who had so'
often gained reputation "at the cannon's mouth." While
the OVil passed us quick time, the Highland pipes of the
regiment struck up a Caledonian tune—he smiled. This
was " confirmation streng," that it was no one else but the
Duke of Tarentum ; and a few gentlemen, natives of North
Britain, who were itt the crowd, swore it was a Macdonald
ior "his heart naturally warmed to the Scotch music."
The day was beautifully tine, and the Review, on the
whole, was a very great treat to the spectators. The
otSca mistaken for Marshal Macdonald was General Taylor
