MIDDLESEX SESVONS.

RfOT.
Yesterday Theme* Mayhew, hatter, Jane* Draper, John
Malik, and Initials &ea, dustmen, and Mary Plumb, Care
indicted for riotously assembling in the neighbourhood of
Judd street. Brunswick.equare, on the night of the 10th of
September last, with emeriti others, and by the ringing of
bells distarbiog the inhabitants; and when called on to dis.
perm., fur riotously assaulting the watchmen. The prosecu-
tion way brought by the parish.
It appeared from the evidence, that the riot arose out of
the foolish custom of dustmen, on the marriage of nue of
their fraternity, sainting him at midnight with the ringing of
their bells. Ou the night laid iu the indictment the Defend-
ants were thus amusing themselves, when the watchmen in-
terfered and a battle royal took place, which concluded by
the Defendants, except Mr. Mayhew. being lodged' in the
watchhouse. The charge against him was, that be enrols.
raged the other Defendants to resist the guardians of the
night.
The watchmen swore that they Lad been most •iolently
beaten by the De/embalm (dustmen) with their bells, and
that the female Defendant rung a bell in one of their faces
they also swore that Mr. Mayhew said Ir the other Defend-
ante, " Push it into them, they are only crawlers (wasting
the watchmen), and you can knock them to pieces in fuer or
lee minutes;" and after the Defendants were in the watch-
house, he told the perms" outside to attack the watchhouse
and pull it down, which, be said, they could do in a minute.
The dustmen, in their defence, said, they meant no harm
to any pesos by the ringing of the bells; cad they had been
dreadfully beat by the watchmen.
Mary Plumb said it was her eoosin that had been married,
and she went to see the lark ; she was a little intoxicated
or she would sot have ru•g the bell in the face of the watch.
man.
On the part of the Defendant Mayhew, several respecta-
ble witness,' were called, who proved that he was merely
looking on as they were, and did not further interfere than
to say, when one of the watchmen had violently struck one
of the Defendaets with bit truneheos o■ the bead when be
was dare, that it was • shame, cud ought sot to be al-
lowed.
The CHAIRMAN summed op the evidenee, and the Jury
acquitted Mr. Mayhew, and found the other Defeedaets
• The COURT sentenced James Draper to mac mooth's Im-
p►isonment in the Huuse of Correction; John Smith to 14.
days imprientinieut in the same place; and William Scott
only seven days, be having been already imprispueed one
smooth; and Mary Plumb to be lined true shitliug and die-
charged.
ASSAULT&
This was a crom-indictment : the parties were, William
Molloy. Rebecca Walls, otherwise Molloy. and Hannah
Abigai 1; v. Janet Heetker„ iieUliem Heother, and Mary
his wife; and io the second indictment the Defirodaeis were
the Prosecutors.
Mr. BARRY was Counsel for the Hootbers, and Mr.
WALFORD for the Molloy..
The latter Learned Gentleman stated that hero. Counsel
for the Molloy", who, he was instructed to say, were the most
peaceable and quiet people in the world ; he bad no doubt
but his Leerned Friend would tell the Jury that the Hombres
were much the same ; all be bad to request of them was, to
believe his story and not that of the other side. The parties
resided in Hartshorne-court, Golden-lane. OD the 15th of

August the children of both parties were playing in the
marl, when the Hoothers told their children not to play
with the children of the Mollo3rs as they were roues
this being said in the Iscariot of the Molloy., they 'ete-
rnity felt hurt, and an altercation d, in which
the /loathers violently assaulted the Molloy,. He was
at a less to know the nature of the assault that his clients
were charged with, except it was' as he understood-, that
Mrs. Hoother was o great mold, and when she attacked Mrs.
Molloy with her tongue, she dressed up an old broomstick
with a gown sad cap, and told her to talk to that ; and on
one of these occasions, when Mrs. Hoother had collected a
mob about the door, she emptied • aometbing out of the
window which he would not "awe. He would call his wit.
seam, and it would be for the Jim to decide which was the

aggrieved party.
Mrs. Rebecca {Yell., othervriee Molloy, was then sworn,
and it appearing that s►e was sot married to Molloy, and
that she indicted the Defendants by the name of Molloy, sad
they also indicted her by 'became name—
The CHAIRMAN said, the indietmesta could no► be mal•-
tained, and both parties were, of course, Acqiiitted.
JEALOUSY.
Elizabeth Skew was indicted for amaulting Mary Povey,
of Rochester.row, Tobin-fields, on the 10th of Septem-
ber last.
Mr. RHOLTIIIII stated, that the Defendant, on the evening
of the day laid in the indictment, came to the house of the
Proseentrix, and told her that she bad been with the Magis-
trates that morning, and they told her they authorised her
to break the Prosecutrit's wisdom., which she did ; that they
authorised her to murder and to deprive her of ber
which she commenced to do by besting her most unmerci-
fully. The Jury could not believe that the Magistrates
could have given her such authority, but the fact was, the
Defendant thought proper to be jealous of her ►usband with
the Prusecutrix, without say just cause; and she went to
complain to the Magistrates, and they properly told her t►ey
bad nothing to du with it, and she might seek redress elev.
where.
The Prosecute'', in her evidence, supported the statement
of the Learned Couasel, and produced a cap torn and a lock
of hair, which had been purloined from her bead by the De-
fendavii.

On her cross-examination by M►. Au.wo, she said, the De-
fendant never ealight her husband in her bed. One night the
Defendant and her husband slept in her bed during Tothill
fair, and the Defendant asked her to sleep with them, but
she refused.
Mr. ALLIT thee stated, that he would not ask her another
qeestion, or eall a witness fur the Defendant, but leave the
case to the derision of the Jeri as it was.
The Joey found the Defendant Guilty, and the Court sea-
testeed her to pay a fine of 3.. 4il. and to be discharged.
There were several ether petty assaults tried of no MIMIC

Last morning. about three o'clock. an slowing
fire broke out at the house of Mr. PAPP., North-
street, Lambeth ; but from the timely arrival of
the engines, the devouring element was confined
to the house. which was entirely consumed. Mr.
PAPP* is the proprietor of one of the Woolwich
coaches. Several horses were on the premises : they
were all saved.

The cora-mill of Mr. R. Reynolds, at Harviagton, near
Evesham, and t►e paper-mill adjuntiag, of Messrs. Flit mad
Co. were totally destroyed by Are ea tiaterd•y seamight, and
we regret to add, that curw, dour, Ike. to the moment of 3001.
fell a prey to the devouring element; the stock in the paper-
mill wet by rest exertion rescued from destruction. The
Are, which commenced in the cure-mill, broke out about
th►re o'clock, and such was its devastating progress,
that outwitbstandiag the indefatigable sad praiseworthy
seals of the neighbourhood to restrain its fury, the
premises were reduced to a hemp of ruin•, before the
eagiatareen'Evesitaise, which was immediately sent for, mid
promptly dispatched, could be brought to the .spot
Mr. Reynolds is • severe sufferer ►y this eves*, no part
of hie stock hellos insured. The mill. were the pro-
perly of Mr. Marshall, and were Moored is tbeComoty Fire
011 ice, but we insileretaad to an ._oust far beneath the loss
sestanted by their deotructiom. The cause of this dimatems
coolagratlon boa net lame precisely merertsined, but the most
probable eoajsctur• it that it originalol in PM triodes el the
emehinery.

sußkEir sEssiblts; TUESOAT., Ocrosta 23;
Ames Cenninokala wit indicted foi feloniously ideating,
oe the no, of September, in the houre of Mr. J. T. Forrest,
In Brook-street, Lambeth, six silver t••-sporins, our table
Spoon, ■nd a ;rile of silver tongs, his property.
Il appeared, from the e►idence of three witnesses, that the
Prisoner was seen (0,111,14 ~al of the honer of the Prosecutor
with the properly in qu•sttoa at six o'clock in the morning
of the day awed in the indictment, and ninerving he was
watched, he mode a hasty retreat, het was eventually w cured.
On hint hint, they found the property in his right-hand
bream iiorket.
The Prisoner, in his defence, denied most energetically
having stolen the property.
The Jury relented a verdict of Gating.
The Chairman (C. Haanisors, e.g.) in passing sentence,
remarked, that the Pt tinnier was ton clever to remain in this
ronntrf;" he had the most extraordinary good luck in finding
things before they ••rr lust, and, were be allowed to remain
here, he would give no kisseat finder a chance. The ern-
tence of the Court therefore was, that he should be trans-
ported for •even years.
Joke Donovan, a child nine rears of age, was indicted for
stealing a piece of printed retina from the shop of Mr. Jer-
sey, litien.draper, Muunt•street, Lambeth. The Prisoner
was seen rennin, Cow,, °Airy-street with a bag, and, no be-
ing stopped, he flung sway the cotton, which was picked or
by an accomplice, abo,un the pursuit beaming hot, dropped
it also.

TbeTrisontr acknowledged taking the cotton, bet said it
was his bn.t of Verdict—Guilty.
The QUIP/KIN said there could ;.,e no doubt be was
leagued will. a ganz of thieve' sod to break the connexion,
aevitented him to six renollo istiprunteatert, mid during that
time to be twice privately whipped.
The C.est was tweet/led the remainder of the day la
bearing petty la lea.

POLICI.
—.mial....—

BOW-IBTRIET.

Late on Monday evening Mary Bea, owe of the loweat
order of prostitute', underwent an examination before Sir
Richard Bireie, the Sitting Magiatrate, charged with being
concerned iu • burglary committed on Sunday laid, in the
dwelling-house of David Cameron, of the Strand, Pawn.
broker.

It appeared from the statement of Mr. Eastern., that
about twelve (idol* on Monday last, one of Isis servants, on
going Into the warehouse at the top of the house, discovered
that it had been broken into and robbed. Above three
hundred different pledgee were einpacked and a 'elec.
liens of the most valuable of their consents had been
made asel carried off by the thieves, the others were
strewed ■bout the floor in every dirt Ciioll,llll entry had be, •
effected by forcing the skylight out, and it is conj. ctorcd,
from. the manlier in which the place was found, that they
mast have remained on the premises fur six bones. Imme.
diets application was made to this office, and Morris sad
Lock, Iwo of the patrol, succeeded in tracing footsteps over
the aim of the houses to as untenanted boom in Swan-yard,
where it seems the robbers divided their booty, as some
paper in which the stole. properly was enveloped was found;
their passage over the houses most have been eel/en/rely
hanardoes, as they were necessitated 10 pass for about sissy
yards aluag a wall sine inches in thickness and fifty feet in
height. No further trace mold at this time be obtained, and
the discovery of the thieves was gives over at hopeless, wires
one of the officers set about neakine a strict inquiry, which
terminated in the appreheasiou of the Prkoner in Drury.
Moe, having is her posiremion at the time a damask table.
cloth and a pair of buckskin breeches, which were subtle.,
quently ideistilied ►y Mr. Cameron as being part of the
stolen properly.—Priaower was remanded.
Os Monday evening last ■ covered , belonging to
the Earl of Liverpool, was robbed on its way from London
to his Lordship's residence as Coombe Wood, of • quantity
of linen and other valuable properly. The robbery was com-
mitted near the mileritone, on the Wandsworth road, and
was effected by meant of forcing off the padlock and iron
bee, which secured the door at the back of the caravan. The
property was all safe at the Nag's Head pnblie•husse, Clap.
ham, the driver having seen it there. When he had pro-
ceeded a short distaste from thence he beard t►e bar rattle,
which induced him to get over t►e top of the caravan, when
he saw that the doors were open, and observed a man
runitiog from the tail of the caravan, and he instantly
mimed the box eontsiaing the property. As a great weather
of asapiclues characters were passing along the road at the
lime, the driver did not pores, the man, fearful of losing
the ; however, observing a tart on its way to
London, and suspecting that it might contain the property,
be searched it, bat was not so fortunate as to Mod the pro-
perty. Informatiou of the robbery was immediately t►gss.
milted to this office.

WARLIOROUGU-STISIT.
The re-euemieation of the case of Wyatt, the sestets, midi
Howe, the grave-digger of St. James's, charged with steal tag
inscriptions from coffiu-lids, took place lesterday, and flows
wee esesesitted to Newrate for trial, sad the sestets wee held
sureties to appear to sake his trial. 11 is a satisfactioe to
those who were relatives to the deceased is the vaults, that
the rofiee,from the lid• of which the iescriptioas wen Lams,
have rot bees °pelted.

On Saturday last a bill was preferred before the
Grand Jury at Westminster, against Edward
Horner. for the murder of John Wilson, who
was killed when fighting • pitched battle with the
former on the morning of Sunday sennight, at
Millbank. Westminster. The Jury ignored the
bill. Horner has been committed to Newgate, and
on Friday next will be arraigned at the Old Bailey
upon the Coroner's warrant.
On Saturday se'nniglit W. Jaws. alias Big
Will, left for execution at Cardigan, underwent
the dreadful sentence of the law, in the presence of
an immense concourse of people, who seemed very
much affected at the sight, no execution having
happened there for twenty yews. He ascended the
ladder with a firm step, and from thence continued
admonishing young people to beware of sin, and
he prayed for upwards of three quarters of an hour
ni • manly voice, and very affecting manner. He
acknowledged the justice of his punishment, and
confessed that he had stolen W. horn a person. for
which another man being suspected, he signed a
letter to acquaint the loser of his guilt; he also
confessed that he stole four horses from the comity
of Cardigan, but from whom he would not tell.
His inducement for coming into Cardiganshire to
steal was, because a fortune-teller had shee) him
iu a glass the church he was to be buried at, which
had a spire; and as no church in the comity of
Cardigan answered that description, his mind was
satisfied that he would not die there. He made
three desperate attempts to break out of prison :
when he found he could not get off, he hegaii to be
penitent the Sunday before his execution ; and
through the great attention of the Clergyman, he
became very resigned and religious, and declared
he had been guilty of almost every crime eNcept
murder. His time was mostly spent in Loudon,
where he has kft a woman now pregnant by him.
On the 16th September a servant of a Gentleman
in Chamber-street went into the cellar for wood,
and while splitting • large hollow stick with an axe.
out leaped • large rattle soak.: the wood hod sot
beta put into the cellar bat • few days. What
renders the circumstance very unpleasant, there are
a nombers of holes made by the rats is the wall of
the cellar. and the wake has made hie retreat into
sae of them, mud has not yet bees caught...4Am
York Paper.)

cn
.i

A-.
"a
a

0
Csa
CP

A
i
o

,-.
1

r
t
>..
4

1

A
t

o

.aw—=7-.

.1- OD 01
• • IN.

d
•
.-s
al
4

.-: :::

__„#

q
1

Rs
4
1

1

8
r'co

1
s

r

a..
2
AYf
4'

iPmt isl 3
- ... .
'ilg ' -E-

i EA •
" • 1 .1 4
Fsl_,
A 4E-31 1 1
da
um<An24.4
jiti r
ot- t i

R

SCHOOL OF ARTS. EDINBtiRG

This lastiletion opened on Tuesday eight is Freemasons'
Hall, today-sorrel, when Dr. Fyfe delivered the ant of a
Conroe of Lectures on Chemistry.
On this interesting occasion the Directors were favoured
with the presence of She Lord Provost, arid a number cf
GeoHewes, patrons and indiserlbers to the Institution, among
whom we noticed Sir John Hay, Bart.; J. F. Erskine, Earl,
of Mar; George Forbes, Egg. the Treasurer; sail L. Hor-
mel., Esq. the Secretary of the lustilutino ; and rovers' other
Gentlemen of the greatest respectability.
Previous to the revue', Leonard Houser, Esq. delivered,
in the name of the Directors, a preliminary address to the
auditors, in which, skier shortly recapitulating the nature
and objects of the institution, as explained in the prospectus,
be observed, that it had been the proud distinction of Scot.
land, that *bile other countries were buried in the slavery
of ignorance, the blessings of education Lod bora here dif-
fused by means of our parochial rookeries' ; and the
barrier broken down which shuts out the • poor Aso front
those brooches of bona, ka.wkdgr, which were eal•
entered to call forth active visitor, and omit op the sources of
wealth and bsppisiess to the labouriog closers. There wee
no part of the civilised world in which Scotemina were not
to be found who had risen to eminence by she et:Recite of
their talents ; and it waslel be easy Is le esmontle instauces
to skew, that in the praises be bad bestoned aro oar natioe
country, he did not claim for it ewe hoonar Mies fairly
belonged toil. He would aseatioa two riseatillitne instance-,

which were well calculated to stimulate his mnalitars ie the
pursuit of the high rewards of ieslorergi ad •georve. He
spoke of their country's's, *bona celebrated onitirieers, Watt
aid Rennie. Mr. Watt, the investor of' thasiems engine,
was a satire of Greenock, arid at thin, roue old was
employed as a matkesastleal-iimirermsat soaker. By his
subsequent exertions that powerftal imairsammat the steam-
'ogles lad hero brought to each perfactiser,. ii • be ap-
plied to most of the purposes of essiel life, and to
reader cheap and accessible the :alieliskile of wealth
and prosperity. And this great maw bed reaped the
full reward of his genies and perseirrnieee is the acqui-
sition of as ample foresee, and in :srearieg IM esteem
and respect of all rinks and donee of the coeinsuoily.
Mr. Retinae, who was bet a few days lost to the world,
bad risen also from am humble sphere of life to she highest
eminence in his profession. Mr. Hamer here read au ex-
tract from • book published in 1779, by a Mr. David Loch,
is which, dearribing a visit be paid • school at Dunbar, he
sot ices the reanimation of the amthestatical rhos, aud the
amazing pail's displayed by Mr. Rennie, the. • prong man,
following the hewn's. of • millwright, sad who be de-
scribes as • second Newton, for whoa" no problem' either en
natural or experimeural philosophy wee too bard; and pro-
phecies that be would, at mu dismal period, piece a great
homier to his country. Mr. Honor (Appealed to the autis.--
quest history of Mr. Rennie, to prose that this proplalcr
hail bees amply fulfilled. After prosecuting the biros., or
• 11141 wriglit for • short time in tieutlaud, Mr. &wow h,.1
gone to London, and followed the profession of a cacti en-
purer, in which be soon rune to the highest reek, sod vr,-
joyed the esteem and society of all emisest rasa. Scarcely
any great public work had been vertertakre for many years
in which Mr. Rennie was sot the eagineer; sad awning his
last undertakings, the Wineries Bridge at Low4sw :a been
spoken of by she esarbrated Camino le the. is,t, wk in
Eerie's. The relebreted warosouser, Jar rergt was
•lso another remarkable auslarice %ten ,;
natural genius bad raised its puss Aimee, fros, •L
origin to the highest distinctive. mr. Feirgwsm•w",:.
nrn—
'94l•llf • shepherd
but, lual eilucatioe Irad been scanty
Indeed •047 tiara aleasaa atmederiee et the ar
school of Keith; but the An. dime .t la, grammar
came all obstacles. Hefigh tnaghl tier . seems oete•
smeeirsof wee gifted by n store, aid w„ Utley ether in-
here bees' leaf to the mid but 'lat. Postpsi: !tot
billoals; sad if from ..• the lostitetiell of poehlt
such a Itioitod eit •Ms hod- Honied; wt at algal , be! elappeardaahm.llr•al BMW
•
•• • School of "A
rti, be;.-
*Poem 114 kr*" actin, hitherto heed le the opsiesothst es-
, to bit Node at Areetble to the hatable arti
