LANARK ELECTION.

WRIDAY, MARC. Si.
THE LORD PROVOST OF GLAM3OW AND
AIR. OWEN OF NEW LANARK.

The whole of the inhabitants of this town having un-
equivocally declared themselves it f of Mr. Owen, and
their Town Council hiving (by a majority of 13 against 7)
rhoseu Mr. 31mileith as their Delegate, ne all looked with
anxious expectation to the event. of to-day. Although the
morniug was 'airy, a considerable body of men from Old
Lanark went duos. with banners and ironic 1.. Mr. Owen's
residence (Brairfield), ■rd drew bun and the Linlithgow
Delegate, awl his friend, in .a carriage up to the town.
Upon their reaching the Centocthroom, which can cootain
but few persons, a general exclamation of " Open Court"—
" Freedom of Elective—and "Adjourn to the Church,"
came from all parts of the crowd. In order that the busi-
mesa of the day might proceed peaceably, the Delegates ce-
nsured to she Ehlers' seat, and the real of the Church was
Rtled by the inhabitants. Mr. Osren's entrance was greeted
with loud appears', but Provost Monteith was rec. ived amidst
groans and hisses. 'lke greatest order was, however, imme-
diately established, soul the proceedings went on without
ally interruption except that GOCC4IIIOIII6I by the satisfaction
demonstrated when the Delegate from Linlithgow voted for
Mr. Owes, and the d►ssatisfaetioa expressed at Provost
Mouteith's bring the choice of the Selki,k, Peebles, and
Lanark Delegates.
%Viten Mr. Monteith was declared duly elected, the loudest
disapprobation was tdlifird. Ile one..opted to speak, but
meld soul be heard, tusk! Mr. Owen haul obtained silence fur
!sins.
__

Mr. blowerten then proceeded to thank the Gentlemen
who hail anpported him, fur the high honour which they hail
just cosifireed upon bins—(Lewd Iliseinv—au honour which
any individual, whatever be his rank, might justly feel proud
mot uhlaiiiing ; it was owe certainly of which, some veers ago,
he could put litre formed for himself the most distant ex-
pectation; hut he hart now by iudastry sii.l economy, and
by the blessing of Prow...lessee, attained such a situation is
life as made it, lie hoped, in no degree presumptuous in him
to aspire tIl the honour of representing them in Parliament.
He assured them he should go into Parliament quite free and
iiidepeudent.--(Losiphler and lord disapprobation)—He
was not hound to any party. lie had certainly his own upi.
Moms, which he bad formed after much deliberation. They
were those his cuairtitaree had dictated, and whatever his
conscience suggested, that he should ever implicitly obey.
There was only one thing he was a slave to (and he gloried
in that slavery), le was a slave to his conscience.—(Lard
lariphiap.)— lie expressed his admiration of th.e excellence
of the British Constitution,insiler %kids every man (ler him.
self was an humble instance of this) might hope to rise by a
course of industry, and the fair exertion* of Isis latent., to
the highest honours in the Slate —(Sereral ewes: here ex-
" l fs too lote—thafe all over now.")—Mr. blow.
trills entreated the meeting to hear him fora few moments
logger. Ile only chimed for himself the same privilege
which they were Shea exercising.—e` Mare Ph., let as hear
him," fret* u coke in the crowd) One of /hr hest tights
secured by our happy euenuitusimi, was that by which
they were at that inunieut ambled lo express their opi.
tabus' coaceraing himself. His own optaions, he knew,
differed from those of issatty of the Gentlemen around
him, who would rather have seen his opponent the success.
Ad cliodidalt. But he begged trs Wits thews that the tune

Mr. Slonteilb being now your legal Representative, I
request yuu will pay him all the deference due to him ill
that character, and as Lord Provost of the second City in
Great Britain. He possesses great wealth. and must have
acquired much experience among the working classes, and
it is to lw presumed that be will be sided by the col-
lective wisdom and experience of the City over which be
presides as Chief Magistrate. We may therefore exPeetr
that, possessing these peculiar adenteager, he will propose
such measures se the Howe of C wtuna as may tend effec-
tually to remove the distresses of the country. I shall, if
called upon, must willingly give his every assistance in lay
power tat forward these measures; but if I Sail that no
effectual effort is made in Parliament to der justice to the
working classes, I shall not remit my exertions wail I ob-
tain a seat in that place, where the urgent wet-realties of our
silnalion now imperatively attained that this sobbed should
be fully and fairly disen•sed
The Gentlem►n aka nee here from Selkirk, Peebles, and
Linlithgrr, have MOW to perform are important duty, and I
beg you will treat them with the urbanity and kindness doe
to strangers. When I visited, as • stranger, the ben*
which they repeat-at, I was uniformly received with great
civility and attention. For myself, I have not • particleof
unpleasant feeling towards any asalividual in cuttrequeeee of
the late proceediup.
After the long detention you have already experienced, I
am unwilling to trespass further nn your time, although
math remains to he said. I rusielode,Gettlemeis, by thank-
ing you fur the very marked attesnion with which you have
listened to ow, and fur the good order which hasten, ph-
served duriug these proeredusgs. Permit •re to legates that
peace, order, and good will may euntinue to distinguish
your conduct. The speech was realm-sally interrupted by
loud, lung, and rapturous applause, evincing the meet deep.
felt interest in the aretinseuts as they were delivered ]

Mr. Owen the• shook hands with Mr. :Monteith and the
delegate., upon which 51r. Mimieith begged the meeting
would hear a few words which be was desirous of aoldreming
to them. He expressed his thanks to Mr. Owen for the
handsome manner in which lie hail 'Token of him, and ob.
*erred that having gives him his band at the ewininence-
enrol of the late contest, ha tau+ very sincerely repented
that act of frieadship at is. I.rotination. He added, Met
he
was not ourpeteed, nor could he be offended at the decided
preference which the meeting eviiieed for his upposent.....
Mr. Own, again rose awl said, he hid omitted to state that
he should narrowly watch Mr. Munteith's prueeediop in
Parliament, and if ►e found that he was incompetent to
bring forward nit eeeeeee alleviated to remove the distress in
which the conutry is now iuvolveil, be (Mr. Owen) should
oppose his return fur this district of burghs ots • lissom
*evasion to the Utmost of hw power.—(Lond mad lair-ems.
tiered cheering.)
The meeting them quietly broke up. Mr. Owen west
home privately, haviog deelint.l the boomers which the people
of Lanark were desirous of paying him on his retorts ; but
the Gentlemeu from Linlithgow (in the Legere., of M►.
Owen) were draw, through the town io their carriage, sad
to the village of New Lena. k and to Brimfield, by • large
body of the inhabitasts Mr. Slonteith was .....Acct front
Ilse Church to the Ism by the Sheriff or the Vbelii y, followed
by a crowd hissing him. The ya.iusasiey, we understand, bad
received orders to lOC io readiuesr.

CHESTER ASNIZES. Arum 13.

CONSPIRACY.
