TICE BRITI SH PRES S.

LONDON.
SATURDAY. SirrEmitut 19. mit.

A Ilamburgh Mail has arrived, bringing letters
and papers to the 12th. As the period approaches
when the Allied Monarchs are to meet in Council,
the Continental Papers teem with accounts of
Royal and Imperial jemmies, and of preparations
making for the reception in yahoos places of
Monarchs arid Ministers. These fonts the prelude
to the grand exhibition which will shortly take
place. The Emperor of RUSSIA, to ptoie his
consistency, has lately suspended a Journsl, be-
cause, forsooth, it contained an article in defence
of the slavery of the northern peasatitp. bid his
Majesty fear that the poor Serfs avoid become too
much enamoured of slavery, that it was necessary to
sacrifice the freedom of the Press to protect their
love of liberty ? Or did he imagine that the ar-
ticle would appear to be a satire upon the joint la-
bours of himself and the other Sovereigns in the
lest and the approaching Congress ? Or possibly
his Majesty feared that a clumsy defence of slavery
might suggest topics in favour of liberty, and by
a contrast with its own inherent imbecility prove
the strength of such dangerous novelties ?

We have received Halifax Papers to the 40th
last. The following is an extract :

HALIFAX. ♦UGUST 16.

SPANISH EXPEDITION.—Captain Mix, of the
brig Bee, who arrived last evening in 42 days from
Tenerilfe, informs that two Spanish frigates, ore
sloop of war, and twelve transports, with 3,000
troops, sailed thence on the 2d of June to South
America.

Thessailing of Lord Cocmuses steam-vessel
has given rise to various conjectures respecting the
peculiar service for which it is destined. and Me,
are nut wanting who believe that it was built and
equipped with the intent of endeavouring to effect
the liberation of 11011APART13. A correspondent
communicates the following ideas upon this subject
to an Evening Paper :

" The kines ships at St. Helens lie rhicfly at or of
James Town, on the leeward side of the island, into which
there is good access by the usual way. There is nu other
OCCePIi to the islitud except at the opposite, the windward
side; but here there is nu anchursge. Off this place two
cutters usually cruise. Seafaring meu, of course, speculate
os the possibility of Honer ries escape, and the most peso.

•tical chaste they think would be,foru Wan culler or two,
well appointed with oars, to approach the windward side,
brat off the cotter% take and row away with Bonaparte,
their prise, to a large ship at wine distance., perhaps out
of sight of the island, whick eight tawny him to his demi.
nation. A steamboat can approach the island on every
side, its inechaatual movement supplying the place of oars,
sad after taking away Bonaparte, being large, and heavily
armed, It might beat off any cotters. Experieaced nautical
men, who have had au opportunity of inspecting the strata-
vessel of Lord Cochrane, have been struck with its reale&
able adaptation for navigating upon such a coast u.the writ&
ward side of It. Helena is represented to be."
It is no small proof of the great security in which
NAPOLEON BON APARTI is placed, that no attempt
has as yet been made by his numerous brave and
wealthy partisans, both in Europe and America, to
obtain his liberation. His adherents find them-
selves degraded as a party, persecuted by their cue.:
mier, exiled from their country, and deprived of
emolument and power; yet neither their devoted
attachment to the rr god of their idolatry," their
deep-rooted hatred to his antagonists, the tidings of
his privations and sufferings, nor their own despe-
ration, has prevailed upon them to venture one
chance for his recovery. They could, if earnestly
bent upon such a project, raise funds sufficient for
the undertaking ; by money they could provide
ships and seamen, and there is every reason to
believe that desperate valour would not be want-
ed, were a practicable scheme in contemplation.—
These considerations alone, independent of the
positive knowledge possessed by the public re-
apecting the natural anti artificial strength of St.
Helena. aided by the ptesente of a watchful fleet,
would convince the most sceptical that an attempt
to carry off NAPOLEbas either by force or stealth,
would be an enterprise of almost insurmountable
difficulty. The same convideratioha would also up-

pear sufficient to remove any apprehensions that
might be entertained from the sailing of a single
steam-vessel from England.
Lord Coctiftatii has no doubt given repeated
proofs of an enterprising spirit and of determined
valoitr, and it is not impossible that his ideas of
humanity might induce him to employ these high
qualities in ah attempt to restore to freedom one
whom lie might consider as unworthily treated.—
We might lament that such an impression upon
the gallant Lord's mind should lead to such a re-
sult, but we have no right to censure him kir enter-
taining it. This country, in consequence of the
ingratitude and unrelenting severity of the Go-
vernment towards Lord CdCHRANC, has, unfortu-
nately, no claim upon his services. While at home
he was, witl► a perseverance that spoke a vindictive
feeling, marked out as the victim of oppression; at-
tempts were made to dishonour him in the eyes of hi.
countrymen he was deprived of those professional
honours which he had purchased by valour and dis-
tinguished services ; his name was erased from
in►ong the Knights of the Bath. But the paltry
feeling that could dictate such an outrage could not
obliterate the tame of COCRRA vie from the bright-
est page or our naval annals. Even in exile his
enemies continue to assail him, and now upbraid
him for leaving a country where they rendered it
impcssible for him to live, and for transferring
bit services to a people who will not degrade him,
in testimony of their gratitude.

The long list of trials for forgery ended last
night at the Old Bailey, with the acquittal of Mary
Smith, charged with uttering two forged 11. Bank
notes. The trial occupied the attention of the
Court seven hours, and the Jury did not take more
than one minute to pronounce a verdict of IVot
Gat/!y. What marks this case snore particularly
is, the fortitude of the Prisoner in resisting the many
efforts, humanely intended, no doubt, before the
trial, to induce her to plead guilty to the niitior
offence, and thus save herself from the chance of a
capital conviction. Might not an innocent woman,
of weak nerves, have yielded to this humane solicita-
tion ? Might not an innocent woman of strong
nerves, but pour, friendless, ignorant, and un-
known, have received the solicitation as a favour,
and falsely confessed herself a felon ? It is had
theory, bad practice, and Cries loudly for amend-
ment.

Letters have been received from Gibraltar to the
end of last month. The plague had not, nor was it
in the least probable that it would make its appear-
ance in the place, as General Dort had adopted
measures so exceedingly cautious, that he hail ap-
pointed guard-boats to row in and ont of the Bay,
day and night, to prevent any vessel from entering
clandestinely. The Governor had also given orders
not only to preveut persons coming from the coast
of Barbary from entering the town, but he had like-
wise issued instructions not even to allow the intro-
duction of a single letter from the infected place.
According to private letters it appears certain
that the four Allied Sovereigns refuse to admit to
the Congress of Aix-la-Chapelle, the Spanish Ple-
nipotentiary whom the King of SPAIN wished to
send there. It is said that Prince METTER.
mot made the principal opposition to this admis-
sion. This refusal is, however, very proper, if it
be true, as is reported, that the first act of the
Spanish Plenipotentiary was to be to prated against
the evacuation of France by the foreign troops.
It is reported that M. Dc HUMBOLDT, brother
of the Prussian Minister in London, has been re-
quested by Prince HAIIDINIERG to attend the
Congress, to give his advice respecting the pacifi-
cation of the Spanish colonies: no one is more ca-
pable than M. DE HumooLor of throwing light
on this great question ; and if the news be true, the
Allied Sovereigns may he congratulated on their
having recourse to the knowledge and experience of
this enlightened traveller.

. • •

~4 72. W f.. e"
s; i, 16 4. ti
4077 Ct 4/6 .)-Wl\ers‘C:-:)13
flr j:J--) va, *- - 111'..."!,.... r'.o ''' (..:,?) #
