Su a Savoury. air: Ehio'n..

ENGLISH OPER:I 1101 SP.
Th.b Ironing, S‘TtItDAV,, July 9. will be performed
DROKFN PROMISES;
wr. THC COLONEL. TIIE %PTA:N. AND THC CORPOR %L.
TLe Pilnelpal Characters by .I . Bartley. Broadhurst. Thorne.
Ny.arteh, W. Bennett. and Powcrt Mesdames Noel. Stephens.
Jesr•,id, and Welppertt and a young Lady.
After whleh THC RLNDEZVOUS.
Sophia, Nos Kelly.

•--
ROY.If. GARDENS, VAUXIIALL.
ENDER THE ESPECIAL PATRON.IGE OF HIS tIAJF.STY.
The Prunelenses have the distingulshe.l honour to announce. that
they have received the commands of their Royal Highnesses the Duke
and Pinkies of Cambridge to celebrate the ANIS LA L JL VENILF:
K FE. This Evening. SATURD.‘V. the gat Inst., under Of august
paLontige of their Royal Highnesses Prime George and Princess Au.
VAZ:I4, of Cambridge. who have been graciously pleased to signify
the v intention of ho nourim; the Royal Gardens with their presence;
and on this most Interesting oeeasion the Proprietors will feel it their
grestati pride to render the Entertainments in every respect worthy
the exalted pall .rage they now most gratefully acknowletlye.
1-ne Gardens will be brilliantly and appropriately Illuminated with
, many thousand additional Lampe.
THE MORS Will. BE OPENED AT FIVE O'CLOCK,
Ael the Concert. Erer.ch Juggler, Female Juggler, Fantocelni, the
Rat;itin Tight. Rope. Sliwk Rope, 'billet, COGITIUMIIIII,II, Cave of Fingal.
Brilliant :tar, Ascent and Descent to and front the Moorish Tower. Ili
the Midst of a superb !Replay of Fire Werke, will be
• ALL f.`ONCLUDEr) BV TEN O'CLOCK;
- and 111 the Proprietors feet the most anxious desire to receive it very
war:roue Asseir.btage of young Folks. nowt at home (or the hullo ay St
they oil!, fur this night only, eller,' as in the preceding years: Chil-
dren under 12 years of age, !s. each ; other Persons, as usual, 3a, 6d.
each.
In the course of the 'ceiling several Balloons will be exhibited in
'venue pasts of the Gardens, and trill be uPlinately cilimbued Into
the alt. The Itotmida, Sall Room. and Posture Roo01:1, iu whieh the
Mu-eal Tempts will Le echibited all the evening. will be entirely Illu-
minated previous to the thews being opened. The Cuentorattise trill
to open from Half-pest Five till the sire Hot kg and the
Musk will teen by Ilelf-past Ten. •
letwale• are appointed to attend In the new Cloak Rooms, to whit
upon Ladles awl ,:hiltiren.
The Proprietors being moat anxious to nil' itd every comfort and
facd.ty to theiritivenlie Friends& hcg to annuttpee their intention, on
the present ocension, to open ti:e Gnlleries of tl.e Theatre w!theut any
charge tar Children: and it is hoped, with the view of rendering this
see...romodation genets% that as few Adults as passible will 'menthe
Gallet.ee, aural merely as many as may be deemed ere/natal for their
attention and protection, and to such pennons the usual charge will
be mei*. The came arnoirenotnt will 1w observed at the Cutleries
wd.o, command a view of the Fire Work stage. In order to render
• the sceontroidaticm for the Children an ea tenelve as possible, it le re-
spectfully annuuneed that such persona as nave not Children with
them reittiot, Uu this occasion, be admitted at all into either of the
Caliente.
Tu afford erery possible frellit the Chinese Entrance will be
mooed ; and the Proprietims inset reopett fully, yet earnestly. request
Vie Nobility, Gentry, and Pabile w 111 direct their servants to attend
to the arrangements which are made respeet Ins carriage".
No Order, will ha admitted this Evening.

Nut Friday —4 Prizes of 21,090/. ice. amounting to
204,4421., the largest Stint trir known in Pr i.:es in One
Day, with 64 Pipes of Wine Gratis.-111 Next Friday.
Tie Bit ruin Pans commenced publishing yesterday miming
ar •tire o'clock.
LONDON. 3.cTUR D,TY JOLT 9, 1623.

The Paris papers of IVtlinowlay arrived last night.
The Journal d.s R••buls exults greatly in the failure of
tlas Minister's plan for the conversion of the renter. " This
project," the journalist exclaims, " is then declared to be
abortive ; but at the same moment we are threatened with
repayment! Thus it is, we bare one law after another,

some rejected by the Chambers,' and the others by the
public, until at length we witness a complete overthrow
of our whole financial system."
The only foreign intelligence is these papers of any
interest is that relating to Greece. It is vague and con-
tradictory. In some accounts the Greeks are represented
to be carrying on the campaign with success, and repuls-
ing all the attacks of their barbarian enemies, while in
others, the conquest of the Mores is stated to be almost
achieved. The udvices from Zante, dated sth of June,
give extracts from the Greek journals respecting the mea-
sures adopted for the promotion of education. According
to these advices, the Greek Government was proceeding
with the organization of public schools throughout the
territory of Greece, as steadily and tranquilly as if no
danger menaced the country. A decree had been issued
by the Senate, appointing an inspector-general of educa-
tion, and fixing the nature of his duties,. By another
decree a central school had been established at Ar-
gos. At Athens there were already five schools, two
of mutual instruction, consisting of four hundred
scholars, two for the study of the ancient Greek, and the
• Italian and French languages, and one for history and phi-
losophy. This does not seem like the conduct of a Go-
vernment on the point of destruction. It more resembles
that of a new State, certain of achieving its independence
and forming beforehand the necessary arrangements for the
construction of the social edifice. It is to be remarked,
too, that the last letters from Corfu, which come down to,
the Isth of June, while they confirm the news that the'
greater part of Modon had been blown up in the affair of
the Nth of May last, say not a word of the alleged capi-
tulation of Navarino. The following extract from the
Quolidienne, however, draws a melancholy picture of the,
state of Greece:—

TAIVATZ CORILESPONDENCE.
Justr 4.
Namine is in the hands of Ibrahim Paella. This news is cer-
tain. and spreads affliction among the Greeks of the Isles. This
important place, reduced to extremities by the destructive fire of
the mortars, surrendered by capitulation. The garrison of 1,500
men, and all the Christian inhabitants of the town, have been em.
barked in English and Austrian vessels, and conveyed to Calamano
Ibrahim Pacha immediately gave orders to repair the foitifications,
in order to make this a third point d'appui for his future operations.
Tint direction of the works is confided to Solomon Bey (La Seve),
and the Frznch and Italian Engineers in the Egyptian service,
Ibrahim Pacha has commenced his march towards Tripolitza, in
tending to make himself master of that town, and to push his one..
rations at the same time to Napoli Ai Romania. the seat of th
Greek Government. Many Moreote families emigrate, and severae
of them have already arrived at Zante ; others are expected I
in our island. On the other hand, Redscilia Pacha is carrying
on the seige of 3liasolongiti wilt great activity, and the Greeks
are assured that that place, the fortifications of which are unhappily
in a bad condition, will not be able to hold out long, elieciatly as
it is ill supplied with ammunition. It ia now affirmed that the
left wing of the army of the Seraskier of Itomelia has occupied
Salona.
The loss which the Egyptian fleet sustained in the night of the
lath May, in the roads of Mode'', seem to have been greatly ex-
aggerated, especially in the report of Colonel Itotticrs. The taking
of Navarino, which TM several days subsequent to this event, but
too clearly proves that the action, which sonic would represent as
' decisive of the affairs of the Morea, has had no influence on the
operations of Ibrahim Pacha. In general, people have no idea of
the activity of imprudent friends of the Greeks, especially those in
the islands, who spread false and ridiculous reports. They invent
battles which never took place; for Instance, that of the 17th of
April, near Anatolico, in which the army of Redschid Paths was
annihilated with a dash of the pen. We may easily convince our-
selves of the falsehood of these accounts, by consulting the Greek
journals of Missolonglii and Hydra. unless we choose to suppose
that the Greeks pass over in silence their own triumphs.
Neither the Dare nor the ("ours Austicotique was re-
ceived last night.

The Picton arrived at Liverpool on Thursday from
Puerto Cabello, from whence she sailed on the 20th May.
This vessel brings no confirmation of the fall of Callao.
The account is the same as arrived by the Vulture. The
report rests on the authority of a Gentleman who had
arrived at Puerto Cabello on the 12th of May, from
Valencia, and who stated that an express had reached the
latter place just before he left it, with the intelligence in
question.

In another column, we have given the Report of the
Select Committee appointed by the House of Lords to
H inquire into the state of Ireland, more particularly with
reference to the circumstances which may have led to the
disturbances in that part of the United Kingdom." The
inquiry has been of the most comprehensive nature.
Every subject connected with the welfare of that country
has been investigated, and a large body of evidence com-
piled from the examination of " such persons as appeared
best qualified to elfin' information." The whole of this
evidence will be published, accompanied with an index, for
convenient reference. We shall thus have a compilation
the most valuable and authentic with relation to Ireland
that can by any means be obtained.
The witnesses examined by the Committee were " per-
sons of various ptofcssions, and of different stations in
life." Every precaution therefore has been taken in thi,
respect to procure the most correct information on the
subjects. to which the attention of the Committee has
been directed.

IVith regard to the civil disabilities of the Roman
Catholics and the present state of the elective franchise,
the Committee have confined their labours simply to the
collection of evidence. Considering these as great con-
stitutional questions, they have abstained from making any
observations, except as to the latter, suggesting the pro-
priety of a more effectual provision against the creation
of fictitious or fraudulent qualifications.
As to the education of the poor, little evidence was
taken, as that subject is already in the hands of a Com-
mission who have ably and zealously discharged their
duty.

The subject to which the Committee seem wisely to
have given their most careful attention, was the actual
state of the relations between landlord and tenant. No

subject can be more important in a country like Ireland,
suffering so deeply from the absence of the gentry, and
the substitution of a pernicious race of middlemen.
Amongst the evils of this system, the Committee found
the principal represented to be, " the minute subdivision
of land—the number of persona who intervene between the
bead landlord and the immediate occupier—the extreme
difficulty of preventing the sub-letting of land—and the
power possessed by every intermediate landlord, as well as
the principal landlord, to distrain the occupying tenant."
The Report states that many valuable suggestions for the
improvement of the law respecting the relations between
landlord and tenant will be found in the evidence, and
recommends the subject especially to the consideration of
Parliament. It is, however, observed, that already a gra-
dual remedy is beginning to be applied to the subdivision
of land, by the increasing intelligence of the proprietors.
By way of remedy for the abuses to which the system
of Grand Jury presentments is liable, the Committee ad-
vise, that if it should still be deemed expedient to con-
tinue to vest in the Grand Juries all the functions at pre-
sent belonging to them, " that portion of their proceedings,
which relates to the levying and expenditure of the public
money," should be conducted with open doors, and under
the eyes of the people. It is also suggested that the " as-
sesrrneuts for objects of a permanent nature ought to fall,
in future leases, upon landlords and tenants in their due
proportion." do better check than that of publicity can
be devised for the removal of the evils of corrupt or impro-
vident expenditure on the pert of the Grand Juries. These

functions are essentially distinct from those rclating 'to thel
administration of juitice. In the levying and expen-
diture of public money, the Grand Jury act as public
officers. No good purpose can be answered by secrecy on
such occasions.

The Report next urges the expediency of separating the
civil and criminal business of the Quarter Sessions, and
adverts to the constitution of the Civil Bill Courts. Re-
presentations, it appears, have also been made against the
mode in which the process of Custodiatn writs is executed
in the superior Courts, and also respecting mesne process.
Several important suggestims are made as to the office
of Sub-Sheriff, and the proceedings of the Magistrates in
corporate towns, which are stated to be more frequently
exceptionable than those of the county Magistrates. A
provision has been strongly recommended for the relief of
the aged and infirm poor, " it not by law (to which great
objections had been stated), at least by organising the col-
lection and distribution of charitable contributions."
" In addition to the above," the Report goes on to state,
" information has been collected respecting the encourage-
ment of emigration—the extension of public works of
unquestionable utility—the extension of the fisheries—the
regulation or abolition of Manor Courts—the constitution
and powers of Vestries—and the subordinate administra-
tion of justice."
In conclusion, the Committee enumerate the different

measures which, according to the evidence before them,
have, in a greater or less degree, contributed to the im-
provement of the state of Ireland :
" The establishment of the police and constabulary fern—the
revision of the Magistracy, as far as it has gone—the meeting of
the Magistrates in Petty SCSaiors—rthe ndminis:ration of justice
by the assistant Barsiatersk—the change which has taken plAce of
!ate years in the mode of appointik Sheriffs—the public works un-
dertaken by the Executive Government—the alteration in the sys-

tern of the Distillery LIMP, and in the general ntode of collecting
the revenue—the remission of all direct taxes—the re?eal of the
Union Duties, and the increased facility of commercial intercourse,
have all contributed, not only to remove grievances, but to improve
the situation of the country.
•` The composition for tithe, under the authority of the Acts
passed in the two last Sessions of Parliament, has been hitherto
as rapid and as beneficial as could have been expected under the
circumstances of the times; and the greatest advantages may rea-
sonably to anticipated front the further progress of this important
measure.

" The restored tranquillity of the country has already afforded
the opportunity for a more extensive introduction of different
branches of manufacture ; and should it fortunately continue unin-
terrupted, the best hopes may be entertained, that by furnishing
employment to the poorer classes, one of the greatest incentives to
disturbance may be permanently removed."

The Times is resolved to find fault with the " City,"
happen what may. This Journal has suddenly assumed
a high tone of moral feeling, equally edit) ing and sur-
prising to its readers. Its hatred of "gambling" leads it
to abuse every new undertaking with transferable shares.
" Mining concerns" especially are " gambling—gambling
all !" When the fever of speculation was at its height,
the Times was as suspiciously silent as if the whole atten-
tion of its conductors had been absorbed in soliciting shares.
They never complained then that cautions were not issued
"against dealings in shares of mushroom companies," but
now, when the infatuation is no more, they' rail against
the Committee of the Foreign Mock Exchange, because,
in consequence of some recent transactions of a question-
able character, they have warned the members of their
society to look to the respectability of the companies in
whose shares they traffic. Gambling in shares is no doubt
a vice, and so is gambling in tallow or hemp. We com-
plain that the Times, under pretoice of upholdiEg " com-
mon honesty and plain dealing," is seeking, far purposes
of its own, to cast a false imputation generally on the
" City." The insidious attempt to connect the appearance
of the new Brazil Mining Association with the notice from
the Committee of the Foreign Stock Exchange, particu-
larly deserves to be reprobated. That notice was no " com-
mentary," as the 7'imes pretends, upon that Association.
It was aimed at a very different object. The respectable
names in the direction of the Castello and Espirito Santo
Association will bear it harmless from the spiteful and
scandalous insinuations of the Times.

CITY, FItTDAY EvrxTgc.

The Consols for the settlement opened this morning at 91R but
they did not long maintain this value, having declined before noon
to 911 R. Money Stock, nevertheless, was so scarce that the Com.
missiuners for the Sinking Fund paid for it at the rate of 9IR, when
it was difficult to sell at the same price fur the Account. The divi-
dends. this day, were payable to the public; but an idea having
latterly prevailed that better employ ment for money would be found
on the Continent than in the British Funds, it was generally ex-
pected that the demand for foreign bills would lu.ve caused an
unfavourable alteration in the Foreign Exchanges. This idea,
however, proved erroneous, fur there was little money ^a the con-
trary for foreign bills on the Royal Exchange this afternoon, and
the rate of exchange consequently rather improved than otherwise.
The Consols, which had advanced previous to the closing of the
markets to 91., became, on this tact having been established,
much in demand, end considerable purchases were made at ;no,
making the price 91H, with a gold appearance in the marker after
its close. A quantity of the dividends was paid in the new gold
coinage, which it is but justice to the Master of the Mint to state is
executed with great beauty. The payment of the interest of the
national debt in specie must increase the value of paper currency,
for so long as the latter must be paid in the lawful coin of the
realm, on demand, it must possess the most perfect serur4y, and
must be more valuable than a ,metallic currency in proportion to
the cheapness at which it can be issued, and the facility with which
it can he conveyeu even to the most distant part of the civilised
world.

On the Foreign Stock Exchange, pith the exception of Greek
Bonds, which are 1 per cent. lower than they were ',ester-
' day, little variation can be noted in the value of European Se-
curities. There arc no Prussian Donna on vale. Neapolitan,
Austrian, and Russian Securities, are also rapidly di-appearing ;
they arc drawn into the Continent aiprima very much higher than
those at which they were contracted for ; and English capitalists have
not only reaped from them .a high annual interest, but have finally
sold them to the subjects of the Governments to Whom the Loam
were advanced, at a most profitable premium. South American
Bont's arc at present not much in demand. It is difficult to ac.
count for this circumstance. They yield a high rate of interest,
and the conduct of the Colombian Executive leaves no reason to
doubt that the dividends will be duly provided for. In as far as cir-
cumstances permit, this young government displays great virtue.
Trade is every where encouraged by her duties: slavery is aLolish-
ed, and one-fourth of the receipts of the Customs has been appro-
priated to the payment of the annual infrrest of the debt. Mexico
certainly has not yet exhibited the practice of the sane enlightened
conduct, in us tar as the duties on the importation of foreign pro.
ducts are concerned. Still, however, her internal situation is most
encouraging, and a little breathing time will teach her Statesmen the
true value of liberty.

In Mincing Lane them is again a gradual improvement this day
in the demand for West India produce, although no actual advance
can be quoted in prices. Higher rates are, however, universally
calculated on.

During this week tobacco has undergone nn improvement of,
nearly 25 per cent. There is a large speculation coing on, which,
added to increased consumption, is the CAM of this extensive rise
in its value.

The Allgentrine Zeitung of the ud instant contains an
article, dated Corfu, June 7, which states that Ibrahim
Patha is still in the Morea, but in I. situation by no mans
enviable. The account speaks highly of his ability as a
commander for having effected the capture of Navarino,
which is now mentioned as a fact not likely to be disputed ;
and its fall is ascribed to the operations of Mianlis not hav-
ing been properly supported on the land side.

SPORTING INT ELLIGEXCE.
HAMPTON RACES.

LAST pAY, FRIDAY. JULY 11.
The races, notwithstanding the agreeable change in the weather,
were not so well attended as on 11'edneulay and Thursday, but the
sport was very good, and gave unqualified approbation.
The gaming booths, of which so much has ben said without
' effi:cr, were very numerous, and absolutely lined the caws:.
Lords 3lotintcharles. %Valscourt, 1 funwich. Illengal, Captain
Berkeley. Messrs. 11111 flushes. De Burgh, &c., and many others
before named were again present.
The grand ball at the Toy. Hampton Court, was very nume-
rously attended on Thursday night. by nobility, gentry, anti military
officers ; and the Beauty. Polonaise. and %mous other .if the most
celebrated quadrilles, kept the company together till an early hour
the following morning.
The only accident which occurred tn.day, was the running away,
and upsetting of a horse anal gig. in which a lady was sitting ; but
as it did not happen on the Course, we had rot an opportunity of
ascertaining whether it was attended with Cita! consequences.
Mr. Ball Hughes gives a (0,114 this day at Oatlands, to most
of the nobility who have visited the liaem, after which, it is CK.
pected, that several
.private hors:, (they ray II or 10) will contest
some prises, the days amusements to conclude with a grand ball
and sapper.
The Races were es follow.,
Match, Fifty Sovereigns each. Two miles.
Mr. Mesaces Miss Sly, o.a. - - . 1
lir. Jacob's Jewess, ost. 7ib. - - - - 2
Betting 3 to 2 and 3 to I on Miss Sly, but no takers.
It was a consieferable time befote Miss Sly could he brought to
start from her repeated plunging, and very few jnckies would hare'
kept so well upon her back, or even ventured to ride her at all, as',
Macdonald did. However, at last, off she rent, and Jewess made
most severe running until about two distances from Melee. when
alias Sly came nut, anti after a hard struggle wen her race in high
style by a very homst length. Soap rode Jewess.
A Handicap Sacepstakes of 13 sov. each, with 10 added.—Hasts i'

one mite.
Capt. Berkeley's Little Driver, Ost. . . 1 1
Capt. Locke's Irene. ilst. rlb. o 3
31r. Ball Iltii,hea's Fairy, by Castrel, rat. - - 3 2
First Heat.—Fairy made all the running until the tura coming
home, when she bolted, and ran almost into the Thames ; the eon.
test then became between Irene t.nd Little Driver, who soon got in
front, and won the hest in a canter.
Second If eat.—A fresh Jokey, Old Jerry, was now placed upon
Fairy, it being found that the ►oy who role her the first heat had
nut strength to hold her. Irene made strong play for about halt-a-
mile, when Little Driver came up, followed by Fairy, and a very
pretty race ensued between these two till within a (balance of the
Judge's chair, when Little Driver made ground every throw. and
won ;he race cleverly by a length—rode by a boy ; Irene by Snap.
Any odds on the winner for both heats, but no takers.

1,,
i,

}
i
