,rket
is at
%ince
Veal
d the
pd It

sad
• fa

io
le Od
i Od

io• Sti
mu ed
lib 04

• ?d.
's
• Od.

Bose
,dress.
,ire-o•

:reales
cawing
I Five
re each
Blanks
t 1.0(01
i SA
in, and
thew,
'cw can

'Went,
,toch?!iCT
11.CIOCk
PP S•
•ueal .

„.
.d 4i

By Order of thertoininissionerA,
(Signed) T. WIIITIif()RN,
Acting Secretory.

car r

(]ilk. ~~

Esq. ci

Tv ••••

mnett.

In, :%Ir.

~{tri~'G

if Ile!,

1119'

;Itgl
Iter _

in-;.1

CUSTOM-1110lISE, LONDON, Manco DI, 11247 w
THZ CI)MMISSIONERS of IllS MAJESTY'S
CUSTOMS do hereby give Notice, that in furtherance of
directions received from the !Ards Commissioners of his 3lajesty's
Treasury, founded upon the Resolutions of the I lonou r.thle House
of Commons of the Ilth. and I 1 th, and 12th inst., they have sp.
proved of the following Warehouses in London for the reception
of ,Manufactured Silk Goods, viz.—Nos. Pi, 71, and 74, in the
East India Company's Warehouses, situated in New-street, Bi-
slioisgate-street ; and of the following Warehouses foe the reception
of Raw and Thrown Silk. via.—Nos. 36 and RI, belonging to the
East India Company, and situated in New-street, Rishopsgate•
street t and that the King's Warehouse at the f!ustom Douse will
likewise be open for the reception of Raw and Thrown Silk.
The trholeof the said Warehouses will he ready for the met).
tkm of such floods from and after W EDS ES DA V, the 17i11 inst.
at each of which 011icers of the Revenue will be stationed to re-
ceive and take an account of the same ; and the said ‘Varehouses
will continue open from Ten o'Cluck in the Morning until Four in
the Afternoon.

Printed Forms of the Specifications, which will he required to
be delivered with each parcel of floods, mar Sc had on application
to the Olken stationed at the respectivcNatchouscs.

CDITOMAIOVNE, LONDON,
314Lacn 13, 11r24.
FOR SALE,
By order of the llonottrable the Conomiesioners of his 'Majesty's
Customs. on 310N1)AV, the 22J. TUESDAY. the 23d,
WEDNESDAY, the24th,TIDIRSDAV, the ?kit, FRI-

DA 11, the 2thh, iind SATURDAY. the 27th inqam, ONE

o'clock precisely, at the Commercial Sale Rooms, Mincing-lane,
The following Doodle Inc Exportation :
EAST INDIA and other PRIEMIBM.:I) COORS,
BOOKS, PRINTS, PICTURKS, DEALS, &c.
For Home Caisumption :
Brandy. rum, perm, whiskey, wine, oil of cassia, sulphate of
quinine, china, porcelain, deals and other wood pinch.; cordage ; the
Vigilant yacht, with her stores. boats, grocery, shells, vulture lea-
thers, skins, dressed hides, rlasep's wad, wear.ng machines, soap,
sipirnel tails, picture triunes, violins, wood clocks. toys. osmium
Wes, lire boxes; muslin and other litien.tirspery ; lace shawls,
magical snuff- boxes, ormolu clocks, jewellery, squirrel skin linings,
filatures, prints, bronze powder, hnoks, and sundry other gomis,
which have remained in hit Majesty's ‘Varchouse beyond the time
liAited by law.—Clear of all duties.
To be viewed at the Tobacco (Iround, and Commercial Docks,
441therhithe ; and the King's Warehouse and Cellars, Custom-
"' se, on Thursday, the lath, Friday, the kith, and Saturday, the
teethes, trout Tea (o'clock in the eseesieg to ?Mw re the
B. Goothllinught at this Sale mast be paid (brat the Receiver
of visa anti Forfeitures Custron.Rouse, on or before Sa-
te:lay the 10th of April. ICA, or the Deposits made thereon will
br absolutely become forfeited.
Ditalogurs to be had at the King's Warehouse, Custom-liouse,
prier Is. oath.

NEAT AND.GENUINE FURNITURE, PLATE, LINEN,
aims. rich Cut Ulnas, Honks, Ladies' and Gentlemen's I,Vear-
Mg Apparel, and about 26 DISSIIO Illailaira Wine.
TO DE SOLD BY AUCTION,

Hy Mr. ,117111111 and SON,
(By Order of the Sitecutors ,at their Great Room, Saville-row,
THIS DAY and 'lO-310HROW. at Twelve.
TNeat and Genuine HOUSEHOLD FURNI-
-1 TURK, Pier And Chimney Glasses, about MO ounces of
instil Plate, Plated Articles, %Vanlrolse of Table and lied Linen,
nch tut lHaw, China, in Table and Tea Services, Hook., double.
bwrdled Hun, Grand Piano-forte, Mahogany nook-caws and
Oda Desk, Sideboanls, Sets of Dining Tables, Centre Cant and
Sefiditto„ Bedsteads and Hanging., seasoned Bedding, Carpets,
sad various other Etteets of a Gentleman, deceased, removed from
leis Wise in the Kent-raid.

DUTY OFF SILK OIXIDS.
TO THE ADMIRERS OF RICH Kll.li STOCKINGS. SU-
PERFINE COTTON ANI► LAAIBIC WOOL HOSIERY
OF EVERY DESCRIPTION, AT UNPRECEDENT-
EOM' LOW PRICES.

1.) KIPLING anti CO. resctfullv solicit an invcc-
ta non of their extensive Stuck, whicfi they are now idling
at iha following Prices
.11k, cotton feet, from N. 2.1. ; stout, 3.. fkl. ; very stout,
L. f 4.
Chink all Silk, 3s. 11d. stout, is. hl. t very "loot, as- 61
tinning Dress, all 81114114.3 d. : stout, Ca. rich lace, is. Gil-
Gentlemen's stout Silk. 7s. Cd.: very wow, Ks. Cd.
Cotton Stockings, &I. per pair; tine quali, Ili. Rd. per
doze.; stout and fine. la. &1., or lfht. &I. per dozen; soperfine,
216, pr 225. and 111. per dozen ; extra superfine, 2s. 6,1, or 21:.. Cd.
Kt &ma.

. GendeMen's unbleached Cotton, 9.. per dozen ; very stout,
Is. IM , Of 171. per dozen ; extra stout, Is. 9.1., Of 20s. per dozen.
Half Hose, Cis. ; tine, lls. per dozen.
Deawers, la. 01. ; very stout. 2.. 3.1., or pantaloon dit In, 2s. 01.
ladies' Kid latves, Ils. 01. per dozen : French Kid, Is, 3.1.,
or 14s. U. per dozen ; best Kid, la. Cd., or 17s. per dozen.
mit tlainen's Woodstock Gloves, 12s. per dozen; best, Is. Cd.,
or I& per dozen.
skin, 14., or 22.. 01. per dozen ; best Doe, 2s. Cd., or
It per dowels.
Tatnlltes and Gentlemen who are Animus or selecting Imm an
ritonsive Stock, will find this an advantageous opportunity of
daring not their money profitably.
M. Kipling and Co.'s ‘i'areliouse, No. 16, Poultry, ten doors
true' the Mansion louse.

DIPERIAL ROMAN SAND.tb. PATRONISEI) IW
TiiX NOBILITY AND GENTRY.
TILE IMPERIAL RMS.% N SANI)AL, or Prome-
nade Chog. Au entire new, elegant, atd superior Ankle
tor Ladies, to rmtect the feet from damp, and calculated to form a
,:ininguished pert of the Cu-rialto or Promenade Dress.
The II EA LTII i'lt ESERN ERS for Gencleown, recommended
hr the Faculty as the only Articles for effectually roptlling damp or
set from the lent.
Invented at.l sold by W. JACK3IA N. Fashionable Boot and
`hoe-maker, 317, I Ixford-N:reet ; and, by his appointment, at the
hdLtatng places :
Beaune, St. Janice...street, Bright= ; Mutt] and Co., 'Davey-
Place. Norwich ; Turnbull, Eachange, Cnchenhain ;
;eoer,..geret, meting. ; and wholesale at the :111aufactory,
tuyk.hous?, Ifighetreet. Bloomsbury, London.

lIIIKAT FALL IN SILK MOODS.
) and C. CREEN having' completed the 'Mention
Le and improvement of their premises, and being thereby cn-
Ableil to offer accommodation in all respects superior to those they
lire possessed, respectfully solicit the attention of thew
irk and the public in general, to their present Stock. consist-
of it very extensive Assortment of the newest and most fashion-
tide Anieles in every Pennell of SILK MERCER V. HABER-
DASHERY, and Ht SIERF; and in LINEN DRAPEAV
alio.

It. and C. purpose mw-rind y extending their trade, and can
venture especially to recommend their Irish Linens, ',amok Table
Meetings, French Cambric an* Handkerchiefs, long !Awn,
India sod British Muslim' of every description, elegant Silk Silas Is
aid Sean's, &e., as of the best fabrics.
The support and patronage which their Father and themselves
have together experienced for upwards of dosy yeses, will operate
0, the strongest possible inducement for It • !id (t. li. to merit a
011tillt1731CO of favour, aid by strictly adhering to their system of
Providing no goods except of the best quality, adapted to each sue.
rouse °rem. and charged a: the most moderate profit, for ready
"Ivy only, 31ary.la-bunntotreet, Colden.square.

•
l'.lR L I .4 AI I:4VTA It r INI'ELLIGENCE.
..-....01.--
1
1101.'dig OF LORDS, Turannw, Miasma IG.
--s.
At a quarter before four o'clock the Speaker of the House of
Cenimons attended at their Loodships' bar. to hear the Royal
assent given, hy commission, to the folltothey; Rills, via. o—The
Austrian Loan Contention Bill, the South Aneeriean Postage
RILL the Annual indeterity Hill. the Revenue Inquiry 'Sill, and
the Irish 4 'hued, RAMS 11111 The Cominiesioners were, the Arch-
' hiehop of Canterbury, the Lord Chatseeller, and the Earl of
Sbaftsbury.
COLONIAL. SLAVERY.
The Marquis of 11.1111 presented a petition from the inha-
bitant-I of Fmnie Slwood. in Somersetshire, praying fur the
gradual aholition of colonial slavery.
Earl Ditilil. presented similar petit*► from the inhabitants of
Sherbonee and (.erne, in Dornetahire ; in did Lord Barham, from
thine of Maidstone, In Kent; Newport Pewnell, Suits • from
the Clergy of Wellington and Yeovil, in Nen ; and from
the inhabitants of Selene' ; the Illseto of W from the
housellolders of Wellington, in S ' Mee; I Ce:eollee, from
those of East Rhine& Notts, and two in 9lorthalespilliwbbre t
Lord Kenyon, from the inhabitants of Cobham, In ; die Earl
Darnley, Rom Folkstone. in Kent; the Marquis of DowtMitre.
from tiros in Oxfordere, from Henley-on Thames, and
ChinpMe trim ld ;
the Ea of Shaftsbury from 3laidentiesel in
Retie. and Theehunt in liessfordshire t End Orc,velsof, frcat
the inhabitants of New riareu4 the Marquis of Lansdown from
New Melton, Wilts ; the Roelof Emseberry, from the inhabitants
of Darlington, nod another plaee in ISurham, and from the Isle of
damper (the Noble Karl observed that he had received several
fell petitions. Out front an AnAmnality in their wording, be hail
retuned them): ales Lied reithaqw hum else tehabltantsof Chat:
ham, a place in Essex, and Exeter—all of which were ordered to
be laid on th' table.
91 lISSAHE FROM THE COMMONS.
Mr. Rrogelen And several other Members from the Haste of
Commons Iwo ught up the Army and Marine Mutiny, the Chanty
limi, and Four pen Cents. Rills, which were all read a first time.
TREASURY ACCOUNTS.
Mr. Adrian, from the Treasury, presented five annual accounts,
viz.—tlutt relating to the public expenditure, to the funded debt,
to the unfunded debt, to the disposition of grants, and to the con-
solidated fund.
TIIR WEST INI/lA. QUESTION.
Earl RA TII I ' RST, in rising to call their Lordships' attention
to the important question-of which he hall given notice, observed.
that the papers referred to net the first day of the Session r ; teed
to the measures adopted by his Majesty's Ministers, in consequence
of the resolutions of the !louse of l'iminiona, passed in the last Ses.
sion. which he Ishmael, with their lowdshipe permission, read:—
" lit. It is expedient to adopt effectual and decisive measures
for ameliorating the condition of the slave population of his Ma.
jestv's dominions.
" 2411 y. That Parliament should adopt such temperate and per-
severing hut Linn measures as might enable this country to loot
forward to the progressive improvement of the slave population, so
as to them fur the reception of the civil rights enjoyed by
hits Majestl's subjects.
" 3dly. 'That Parliament is anxious to adopt the earliest oppor.
tunity of effecting these immures. pstible with the well-being
of the slaves, with the security of the colonies, and the interests of
Muse whose property is concerned."
It was his duty now to state the measures adopted by his Ma-
jesty's tiovernment, in consequence of these Resolutions: two
circulars were ouldressed to theo Hermon. of Colonic'', the one
tinder date of the 28th May, and the other of the 9th July. The
first recommendation these circular. contained was for the due
observance of the Sabbath ; the second wan for the abolition of the
whip as a stimulus to labour ; the third fur the abolition of punish.
TOM on female haves by flogging ; the fourth related to domehic
punishment, that owners and overseers inflicted ; the fifth for
encouraging marriage animist negroca ; the sixth for the regulation
aside ; the seventh was fur the property of slaves to be respected ;
the eight related to the manumission of slaves ; and the ninth wimi
that the evidence of slaves might be admitted, under certain re.
strictions. I f arty of their Lonlships should think, that in ream.
trending these objects to the Colonies, his Majesty's 31 inisten had
gone too far in opening the door towards abolition, and that, how-
ever right in theory, the course pursued was not right in practice;
he hod the teitisfaction to say, that eight out of the nine propositions
met the entire C.I.CIWYTMP and approbation of the great body of
West-ludia Planters. It'ith regard to the last prow:titian. they
were not prepared with any plan regarding it ; hut the West.
India planters thought that it was right for it to he looked into.
If, on the other hand, Noble Lords should think that his Ma-
jesty's Al inisten had not gone far emnigli, he haul only to observe,
that there WAS no object unnoticed in those propositions that bed
been proposed by these who were favourable to gradual abolition.
As these proposals bore on colonial interests, he bal only to observe,
that they hai been under the consideration of the Legialative
Assemblies of the i:olonies t the greater part of which were
still sittwg and considering the last measure of the 9th July;
bost iss dtsoid be thweiving their Loodaishio. and anion
nnwerthily, if be were to say the majority of them &mem
in those propositions. H. had, however, the satisfaction
to acquaint their lordships that some of eke Islands were fully
aware of the benefits that would arise from them ; and amongst
that number were li remota, St. Christopher, and liarloadoes. The
Coinniea that were moat opposed to the recommendations contained
in the circulars transmittal on the 28th M, and 9th July, were
Bt. Vincent's, 'Tobago, and Dominica. With regard to Jamaica.
he hod heard that several leading Members of the Assembly of
that Island meant to recommend the adoption of the proposed
measure. These Assemblies, their Lordships would do him the
honour to recollect, had not been hurried into the consideration of
the contents of these circulars. They hail in no case been deceived,
but had been, as regarded them, dealt openly and they by. The
Legislature of itiorhadoes met in July. and had adopted several
of the rectionninulations. The Assembly seperated after this par-
tial adoption of them. and they did so because they thought, that if
they adomtnl all, it would appear as if they had agreed to heti".
gutsh slavery. 'l'he greases* difficulty his Majesty's Ministers had
to contend with was, that the idea had got abroad in the Colonies,
which had emanated from this country, that if all the recommends.
thins were adopted, the Colonial Legisletures were pledged to the
extinction of slavery. Ile hoped, however, a milder view would
he taken of this stihmet, and that at 110 distant period those .Issem.
blies would see that the assertions of interested persons here were
unfoundol. lie would now advert to the conduct of St. Vincent's
awl Jamaica. The tanner haul declared that they would not do
any thing more on the sohject ; they had passed a Bill two years
ago, and they timught the propositions contained in the circular
were the name as those adopted by the Rill. Hut if their Lord-
ships would take the trouble to look at the several proptwitions of
the Rill, they would perceive that they did not apply to the ques.
time 1 and those that did, am lief imperfectly wit. What the
Assembly of St. Vincent's had done had been to its credit ;
the nitionire had not been done from compulsion, and it 'thread a
favourable disposition on their part intake a more temperate view of
this interestingsubiect, which aumired well for the future course that
might be adopted respecting it. i in this part of the case hr had
only to state what hail passed in Jamaica, which was a matter of
nmoplete notoriety. lie regretted extremely that Jamaica, on
this ocenai ~,, , had given an example far different to that which was
to be desired, and widely at wahine': with the feelings that they
had formerly evinced ter improving the condition of the slaves. lie
should not do justice to the legislative assemblies of the colonies, if
he did r it desire their Lordships to take into consideration their pe-
culiar situation, which Might 10 go in extenuation of their conduct.
Ile had been told that the amelioration of slavery had made no
progress in .%111Criert ; that the smaniripal lave in that country
were not altered; that the punishment of a master killing a slave
was only fine and imprisonment t that in New Orleans the slaves
on no cones ' were allowed a holiday,and if they were found danc-
ing after sun-rut. they were punished by being whipped. A co-
lourist titan inviting a Jive to a (nth was liable to punishment. and
the *Live was flogged. If a slave looked disnapectfully at a white
man, he underwent the same punishment. He begged of their
Lontships to look, in comparison with these laws, at Tobago and
St. Vincent. The fact was the laws in the colonies were good, but
they were not executed; sill he could, upon the information of re.
spectahle individuals, assure their lordships that a greet improve-
ment had taken place in the nmeliiion of the slaves, with regard to
their food and clothing. The women were in a progressive state of
amendment, end their children were very dilTerently situated to
what they formerly were. Their hospitals were more cleanly, and
better managed, and, generally speaking, an amtlioration of their
condition was apparent. This condition, which naturally grow out
of they ionpmved state, caused them to bear with greater disgust
any instance of barbarity than to they u were accustomed to do.
The colonists said that the Iltitish Parliamer.t hail no right to
legislate for them ; but there might he extnine eases, where it
might be called upon to legialoite ; but if that were even not the
case, he did not mesa to say that this coontry had no
authority in other wars. The drawbacks on exports to
the islands might be refused; and their onetime might be re-
' ceived under any rate of duty that this Hoverninc: t might
choose to adopt. Having stated what haul been done by the
Legislative Assentblitst, he would now state what had brett done
by his Majesty in CounsiL Instructions hail been sent to the
i colonies having no Legislative Assemblies, on the ground that
it might show a difference, if that course were not adopted be-
tween those Islands. where the King was the lawgiver, sad
those rime Legislative Assemblies were established. Their
Lordships would 'laterally go along with hint in thinking, that
it was units imp/want fur those coloni,.s where the King was the
lawgiver, to be placed on the %ante footing, with reference to the
regulations, as those possessing Legislative Assemblies. It was
at the time that these instructions were sent out to the Islands he
hail alluded to, that the insurrection at Demerara broke out. At
Trinidad the recommendation was not well rectivnl ; hos ever,
after several CollinltllitClol,,ll%, an order in Council was drawn up,
and approved of by Ins 3lajney on 'Wednesday last; and which
would be blond amongst the papers on their Lordship's table. lie
would now state to their lordships the manner proposed to at-
tain the objects generally which the (Inter in l'ouneil provided;
and the first object met the order was to carry into operation the
several recommendations it contained. For that purpose, est office
of guardian Of tomtector of Slaves would be established, and com-
niantiants would be appointed ender hint, who were to execute his
orders. Ilia first duty would he to see that a due observance 01. the

itiVrath was maintained, and all compulsory labour Arm], which ,
he on that day was strictly to prahildt. Sunday mulct» were also
to be stopped after ten o'clock in the morbing ; and after • pro- I
vision fur education was adopted. they were to be stopped al- ,
together. The whip was to be abolished as a means of punish-
ment to stimulate to labour; although, as an emblem of au.
thority, it was not offensive to . the Negroes. But the misfire.
tune wooden; on the use of themhip was, that it was not in.
trusted to an overseer—it was not hltrasted to a white person—it
was not intrusted to a free colonel person—but it was intrusted
to a person, himself a slave. 'flaw hip would oow be in the hands
of a white person; and it was placed in his hands under the sane.
tion of the law, that the slave tidiest be protected against the anise-
quences of any violation of it. With respect to female punishment,
he should observe, that It was one of the first Nino, considered by
the Court of Policy at Demerara l but still care should be taken
that the faults of ferric slaves tboald INN be dealt too leniently
with ; duet they should be entirely heal from the opetation of the
whip, he thought could not be doubted ; but imprisonment and the
stocks were authorised, and the governor might make use of any
punishment that did not interfere with the regulation that referred
to their corporeal punishment. 110 punishment was to take place
upon male slaves in a less time disco 24 hours after the offence had
been committed, and at noose thise were more than 25 lashes SO he
indicted. There was to be no Arita punishment of the offender
m long as any laceratiusis appointed; sod none was to take place
except in the pressers of one white person, who would be himself
authorised to inflict It. The aumber.of lashes and the offence were
to be recorded within 24 hoarsens! the whip had been applied, and
ationwl collies were to be a inn ap the sorwmandant of the district,
which attested espies mai to bd forwaided every quarter to the '
guardian. On she of howtriage he would state to their
Lonlships, that Wan ir:i tsLTlm.i.sto that meal, they
' were to *poly le 4 tdid q legimesist,
apprOdid ef it, Meg:WWI was asfWAkrgripat • heallifier Ind
any Clergyman ef Church of Zeeland, or the Kirk of Scot-
land, or any Rattan Catholic Misdate:. es any teacher of reli-
gion, was bound to solemnise the marriage, which was to be re-
corded and seat to the guardian. If the master refused his consent
to the marriage, the slave was still to make his application to the
guardian or es nmandant, who would so on the master before
hint, and cause him to assign a reason fur the refusal of his con.
sent. If he could not give a good reason for that refusal, the
guardian or commandant might Isaac the licence, and the marriage
might be solemnised. The next object, and which naturally
followed in order, was to prevent the violent separation of the
offspring of slaves room their parents: it was proposed that
children, under seven years of ag..., should not be sold apart fowls
their parses". The point he should now advert to was the securing
of the property of slaves. As the power of bequest had been given
to them, it was thought necessary to give them the benefit of that
power under the sanction of law, that they in*ht be enabled to
prosecute their rights in a Court of Justice. The negro.' might
also make use of what property they enjoyed in savings' banks (the
establishment of which was proposed), and they would there re-
ceive interest at 1 per cent. for all money they could spare ; and to
give greater facility to the negro in the disposition of his property
after decease, the manner in which he wished to bequeath it was
to be duly recorded. Attention had been paid to a point of con.
siderahle importance in the consideration of this question—he meant
the affording facility to the manumission of slaves. With re-
ference to this point he would state, that the only money to
be paid for it was for the registering of the manuntiaston,
and that was not to be paid by the slave, but by the parish.
The right was given to the negro of purchasing his own freedom,
and it there was any difficulty about the price to be paid for it,
the master was to appoint an appraiser, the slave an appraiser, and
the guardian was to nominate an umpire. 'l'he interests of those
mainly concerned by these propositions were completely and amis.
flews-By admitted. He would now advert to the admission of
evidence of slaves in courts of justice. The mode to be adopted
for the admission of this evidence was, that a clergyman or mini.
ster was to give a certificate that the individual had been so in.
strutted es thoroughly to know the nature of an oath, and such
certificate was to be recorded in a book kept by the guardian for
the purpose. It was proposed to admit them as evidence In all
civil casts, excepting where their masters' direct interests were
concerned ; and one strung reason for that restriction was, that if
they were admitted against their masters, their testimony must be
admitted in his favour, and that would be exposing the negroes
both to danger and temptation—that their Lordships must see die
impolicy of. la criminal cases they would be admitted as evidence,
in all cases excepting in those where the life of a white person was
at stake. By these regulations he was rather curtailing than ex-
tending the privilege of the negroes. By the Spanish laws
their evidence was received in all cases. The object of the
present regulation was to give a fonn and substance to the
privilege of the negroes, and to thew what was or was not
the description of evidence to be admitted. lie would ask
their Lordships If those who had looked with the most
jealous anxiety fee the smolutions of the House of Commons
being pet in operation ',halm the pledge that had been given had
not beat foldlled ? Hi woad now draw their I,ordships' attention
to a most important point esenseted with 'this subject—he meant
-the sakigiens illeenteliell erfilee wegeses. Thisbeekidestiral establish.
meat SO the islands was lam.stably deficits'. %V ith shame it must
be neknovskdged, 'that when theecclesiastical establishments were
formed, not only the slaves were not considered, but he believed
not the free coloured inhabitants. A variety ot' societies had of
late years been formed for the religious instruction of the slave po.
pulsation of the islands. Three societies had tendered most essential
service in introducing religious instruction—he alluded to the
!Wesleyan, West Indian, and Moravian Societies. Ile conceived
that the ecclesiastical establishment required to be extended,
and if there was to be an ecclesiastical establishment on a
firm foundation, it was quite necessary that there should be
episcopal contras I over it ; acd no operation under that con
trot could be effectual, but by the appointment of • re.
silent Clergy, and he had looked anxiously for that for a long
time back. It had been thought by many that the Bishop of
London had a power to enforce residence in the Islands; but he
could assure their Lordships that the exercise of such authority
was not allowed to that excellent Prelate, although no exertions
had been wanting on his part to ascertain the fact, whether such
authority did attach to his high office: and no exertions had been
wanting on the part of that respected Bishop to forward the views
of those who wished fur a resident ('lergy. It was proposed to no-
minate two Bishops, one of whom was to reside in the Windward
and the other in the Leeward Islands. Under the Bishop ap-
pointed to the IVineiward Islands one Archdeacon would be placed
at Grenada. Under the other Bishop there would hue two Arch-
deacons. These Bishops were to be accompanied by a sufficient
number of interior Clergy, to niece all the immediate wants of the
Islands. They would, in the first instance, make inquiry respect-
ing the actual state of the EeclesiasticalLstablishment, and to take a
review of the living. in the gift of the I ioremors of the Islands. and
particularly to inquire into the peculiar state of the slave popula-
tion. The appointment of masters to schools would come imme-
diately within the duty of the Clergy ii and the masters would act
immediately under them, as the elegy, front their education,
could not be expected to do that service. The overseen
would look with less jealousy to this course of instruction,
when they found that it was carried on by persons of their
own persuasion. A community of worship would be likely to
produce a community of comfort, by uniting the toaster and
sleecs in the strong and sacred tics of religion, and in the great
truth. of revelation. It only remained for him to notice the pro-
bable result likely to arise from the measure adopted by his 51a-
jzotty's Government. Ile had already stated that one great dill'.
culty to bringing about the regulations proposed, was the general
expectation that these measures would be followed by another,
which would have for its object the general abolition of slavery. A
strong impression had gone forth amongst the slave population,
that his Majesty had sent out orders fur the abolition of slavery ;
and in consequence of that very erroneous inoweiesion getting
abroad amongst the negrom, and his Majesty's Government per-
ceiving the imperious necessity of inimeeliately correcting it, be-
cause they felt that at all tittle' it was of the utmost consequent
such expectations should not be entertained, and more particularly
in the present st-,te of the Islands, they advised his .Ilajesty to
issue a proclamation, addressed to the slave population of the
Ishinds, which, as it was short, he would read to their Lordships.
It stated "—That whereas it had been represented to his Majesty
that the slaves in the West India Islands had been erro-
neously led to believe that order, had been sent out from Ilia
' Majnety for their emancipation, and that acts of disorder had
arisen in consequence. his Alsiesty, by and with the advice of
his Privy Council, had issued this Pmelamation, thereby making
it known to the slave population of the %rest India Islands, that he
should consider them as undeserving of his protection. if they did
not implicitly obey the I lovemors of the Islands and their masters."
His Lordship continued, that he helmet the recital of this document
would sufficiently convince those who had in ,-eats at stake, that
life Aliioity's Government entertained no wild and chimerical
views with regard to emancipation: and to those who were the
• most sanguine in their views respecting :he amelioration of the
slave., lie thought duet his Majesty's Government could with equal
confidence look when they could refer thorn to such document, as
had been laid on .heir Lordship.' table, Rllll to such facts as he had
• the honour of offering to their Lordships` notice. (The Noble
• Earl then made some observations. which, as tar as we
• could understand, relates! to the provisions of an Act
. passed tour rears ago, respecting the registry Of slaves.)
1s to l'eylon, site case wets widely diderent front that of our colonies,
for sugar was not there cultivated as in the islatats for which they
• were now carpel upon to legislate ; atiel it was for the cultivation of
. sugar that slays' were found particularly and indeed indispensably
• requisite. With reference to Guadeloupe, which at the time of the
• Fren•Lth revolution was made free, Bonaparte subsequently had
determined to restore the confiscated property of that island. flow-
ever, as had been properly stated in • book published by Mr.
Stephens, it was found impossible to restore the confiscated property
, without restoring also the slaves who cultivated it. New lock and
, Connecticut hail been referred to, but in these and other American
i states there was no proportion between the slave and free popula.,
t lion. They were not more than in the proportion of one to thirty.
• Of the elects of the sudden emancipation of slaves, the House
; IMAM farm an idea from the circumstance of a gaol or receptifEle
t being formed at New York and l'hiladelph‘a for ernannpated
slaves. They were funnel to be a burden to the public, and no
• greater evils he conceived. could he indicted on society than that of
1 giving sudden emancipation to slaves. 'They had nut the sante in.
t e!acenient and stimulus to acts of industry as the people of this
