' currency. It could hardly be thought that toe Re•
'atrictiou could be taken away in ciriontstaiges peel.
cisely similar In those which first called foe ise en.
'ailment. Nothing could be stronger than the eii-
donee no the subject from the Ciiittee, when
'the Restriction first inis imposed. The opinioti of
the Bank itself, toe, 'Wis of greet iiiihietattee in de-
ciding the gentian, "and their trees had lei'd a
m 'stru posed for the Mesoseux nelle.-4Here
'the Itight Housoorable ha 'il a resti-
tution entered into by thelheilltaligireetoes in the
'PA, 1795—" That the Cuet, Of Dirktors cite
4.1' 111 ssss iisn, that should smelt's loan tate Plata to
the Emperor, it irould be Visorless in the AttreVes
to the conimeicial totem's and scrodit 'of the
`country"--and iinothev peeped in in t. in which
it was resole d, " That any further adiancee
mole to the "Emperor might cease • failure in
'the Bank of .England."]—All most by aware
.-01 the diffically rff 'eltanging a system 'so eaten-
rive and so loot t cted ou--at the smite ~iiiite
'none could toe there anxious than flisittelf to
return to It *titanic currency when it could sbe
'done with 'security ; but the present moment wig
ill-chosen, awing very similar to the •era when the
Ituetrietimi was originally laid on. It 'Might Ise ob-
=l that dust wait a time of war, and that the
were theft made on the security or the Vo-
E• but those were counterveiled by the
' rett of the ',reseal lams. Of the loans
te d far with France and Press* it 'ball int-
=le know bow much was costribeted by
lour
4 it might be itsferved that the proporfien
was Wiry large. because we knew there was but
belloompital in other eoesitries likely to be so em-
, It imp the external relations of the come.
lb, 16111.rendassod the change now peculissly don-
gerameesseellibmr in the internal gate of the country
of dedliselt. He was the more inclined to propose
a engfiliattion of the Restriction, from another
terOMltcw. be hod to propose, which was calcu-
lated to contribute to restoring a paper currency
so what it ought to be—convertible to metallic
currency at the will sof the bolder : a restora-
'tints the Book was really desirous to effect. The
The last measure would give a degree of solidity to
a paper currency. He meant to propose coistinu-
"ing the liestriction another year, to Sth July, 1819.
There was iso doubt, that the most iwrfect cur-
'rtnicy was th it mimed of 'leper and metals, in which
kpoper should have a large proportion perfectly se-
oured. Many plans lied hero suggested to obtain
.tae last—eue was, to hams paper on security gloves
in lauded property, but as able value of that was so
changeable, se would the security afforded by it
be irregular and flactuating. But this did not
apply to property in the funds; and if, at the time
of their origin, a !taper spares had been established,
4sy issuing paper ou the stock created, we should
taw, perhaps, litre it as perfect as such a eyeless
!Cllald be. There was more stability in tbe exist-
ing iptem iu !Scotland than in tugland. and per.
ticuLarly Ireland. There kid long been a ;sta.
bibition of the isoue of any uotes uuder the value
'of St.—that probiliiiiou was repealed by the first
Act suspending cask payments, and applied only to
. those sender Os. lie stow intended to prohibit the
issue of any note tinder the value of 5/. by private
bankers, %%idiom security deposited. Ile would not
extend this to the Musk of England, because
use conceived the public lead already from it the
saute security as they were to have from private
banks in the advances suede to Government.—
lir did not ablaut either to extend the measure to
-I.6csulasol ; but in England and Ireland his measure
would go to prohibit the issue of such outer as he
bad dercrilwsl. without stock to double the mouton'
Willie, or Exchequer bills equal to that 110111111a'
value. deposited isi the hoods of the Commisioncrs
fur liquidating the national debt. He also intended
that snows so issued should bear iso asldttioual mask,
to bilts, that they were issued on security--at the
.i,toe tisne the holder would not have the security
of the t;overusurist, bat only that of the Bank,
mid the collateral security of the deposit. The
public would be assawerable in nu other way
Outs aa loaders of the deposit. Au objection had
tweet stated to him, that from the facility of sic-
(pairing stock mid Exchequer bill., his measure
would etscourage au almost utslintited issue of
paper—his ourwer was, Nut more than under the
otisting system, without any public security.—
•I'llere could he iso doubt that betskers would con.
seder the proposed alteration as less advantageous
so them than the present mode of doing business,
but their feelings could tug, he thought. be put iu
competition with the necessity of the additional se-
s•nrity which the public would derive (ruin the new
plan. Resides, the incomenieuce to the banker
would be much less thau might beat first imagined ;
'at resew he was obliged to have a large amount
~f cash or Bank of England outer in his bank, fur
the plifpla of paying off his totes, as the demand
fee their payment might be made at dines *hide
he could not foresee, and for which he must at seuy
iiimuent be reedy. Now. by the new lilacs, it ass
most probable that the public would hike the se-
:lured mull notes in return for the larger ones;
misdeed there could be uo objection, for as these
were, by the edditioual stamp. of the most un-
doubted validity, no man could is eschauging de-
sire NI letter security. Perhaps it would also be
ilesirahle to allow the banker the option, if he
pleased, of tonguing any uotes be dill not mean to
pay at Isis bank over to the Conautiwiotters who held
the stock ur Exclwyster bills deposited for them,
who iu .iich a case would be ettipbwered to pay
t hem. The 3/. and higher notes Mould remain pre•
• seAtly on tier same futitsisg on winch the esistiug
LAW I.l.lCril than, lie was 4'0111:11.i:ed the blusters
would have sus fair reason to complain of the pro-
posed method .r depusitaig security fur a putt of
their issue, fur massy of them were at Westin bold-
Uri, of stuck tool purchasers of Exthequer bills to
n very I urge sossuisot ; they could therefore feel no
the deposits required.
i.scolivessience flout islakilig
The visa would uaduutstedly hare it tendency, said
a most beneficial one, to induce men of large pro-
perty to embark in baukiug cuucerass, and of course
would operate to prevent mete speculators, without
.01equate ineatis, to undertake such eit4b!ifillilleists.
Tile ieguhstiou would, ou the one hosed. secure the
holder of the rittell notes, and use the other would
operate to a certsiiii intent to deter btlishefb them-
s. Ives fruits Clatillq IMO those rush speculanous,
which were °fiefs is their result so prejudicial to the
public.—lllear.j —thy bringing forward this salty
f•cs isow, missy ul the dilliculites to be apprtheudtd
if.llit rise serumption uk the Ilsok task isslisient.,

. •
an over save of piper, would be thus dourly pre-
vented, arid that revulsion whirls some dreaded
build bole a greet degree obviated. He thought the
twit iseesstes which he bad Mated were both closely
connected *Mb each other, and necessary is the
rustsng state of the coontry. The one, the Bank
Restriction would °oily operate for another year,
• the measure relative to the small country
▪ Bank notes, would not come into colwration for two
yeas, sad the notice thus early made would in
the latter cue lest be effective at the. period when
the notes now issued would he worn out, for this
'he Inderstooll took place after a circulation of
*bout two 'years ;of course the bankers would
be entitled lo the interest accruing from the de-
posits made with Gover 00000 rill. s's a security for
the small mites jested. The Right Rottoorable
Gentleman coacladed by moving two Resolutions,
on which to knell I Bill—the one, that it is the
opinion of the Committee that use Bank Re-
striction Act ought to be 'continued for souther
yetis., and no longer, after the sth of July next;
the second, wow fit sanctioning the tileassore of the
Country Ranks depositing Stock or Exchequer
Bill *cahoots, for the issues of Notes tidier 51.
/11t,Tti1teie rose, on the Arst 'resolution being
rdiff 'by the Chairman, end amid, that the House
could not cettqfhly expect to enter into a discussion
010 fbe'Cliadeellor of the Exchequer's nropo.;tiorw,
until Hwy wets esisbiodied in the Bill which he in-
teudeill to brig its, irlseu their whole delafll would
be plait:ly diseensilite.—(Hear, hear.)—All, there-
fore, he nieaut is iby now was. to beg of theTiouse
to look at die-safe au which the cousstry was placed.
No matter what should happen in the result to he
she merit or (lei:refit of the proposed plan, still the
existing state of the 'country was the emitter to
which the Heise *mit at once loot. They were
now called 01)011 iu a time of profound peace, with-
out soy jsrevions inilyiry by a Comusiitee—without
any exantination into facts, or of any of the pasties
whose inte4ests wire to be effected, to tnitke ■ total
change iu thisting s'ysteth of banking. Contrary
to all the Ttight Hon. nentlemato's sangitine,
solemn, and oft-repeated predictions, the Bank
Restriction Act was, it forward. to be continued for
another year. and also on entire change was to take
place in two yeses its the mode of circulating
and tf. country !souk norm All this was to be
done on the mere ipse Aril of the Right Host.
Gentleinati, and on Ins mere oinettimarted opinion
of the wisdom of the propored reghliations. it
would be in vain to come at a proper scrutissy by a
eliscutsiou of that Howie; a iisestion of such de-
tail r•ould only be done by a Committee, properly
empowered to exensiote such witnesses as were fhost
likely to communicate proper iiifforlisatiins
the subject.—(How. locos. heak.l—Of the men.-
sure relative to country hanks, all Ise would
stow say was this, that its effect ',mild soeceesarily
be to throw the amount of all the small batik
notes in circulation into Exchequer hills. Be-
sides, it went at once to kohl oat to u ttttt erited sus-
pit ions a large body of must respectable and owl-
vent Gentlemen, for such, iii nine cases out of ten,
were the s °sultry bankers ; their characters were
thus to be !Muted, and for the space of two years
before this measure was said to be required. He
was suit inclined to throw odium on any set of
meta without a previous inquiry to authotiar it, and
more particularly a set of mess *loose business,
when well conducted, was productive of the greet-
est advantage to the country.—(Hoar, heor.,l—
he moiler:third the Right lion. Gentlemen's plan
rightly, it war this. that for every lord/. in 1/. and
2/. notes stamped for the country bunker, be must
deposit double the not oo ioo value re mock, or the
nominal volt* in Exchequer hills; so that, at the
present stock sake, he must leave as a deposit about
Ilia (according to the existing market price of
stocks) for the loM/. oh small notes so stamped, or
Oa in Exchequer bills. How any banker would
go about issuing small notes on this prinCiple he
asset a loss to guess.—(Rettr.)—The great object
of the Right Him. Gentles:ran was eo idently to no-
crease the circulation of Poceliequer bolls, mod to do
so as a part of the circulating medium of the coun-
try. The effect of the measure would no doubt be
to compel the banker to deposit security fur his
elude issue, for no man in Ins senses wohlol loolcl a
5/. note of a country banker which rested solely on
his remind responsohility,w bile by taking that note
into Ills hawk he could 'dana for it the smaller
ones, fur which security wus already ilepositcd with
Government. This was quite hear.j
All this looked like the prelude of sonic notable
scheme of finance, on %%Inch the night lion. Gen-
tleman bad been for sonic time musing. Would
he now biteik out ? Would he say, was this the
whole of his plan ? or was hr loot contemplating a
grottd scheme for the issue of debentures ?—(//ear.)
If this were toot true. i.e would toot touch on that
pert of the subject, lie would pass it over in silence,
end adhere to she obi nvistion. de suortois Nisi
boitoot.—( A looKh.,l—'Phis subject respired the
deepest cutosideration—os single statement from nu
°Melia gentlecusto would nut satisfy the country;
there must be a previous inquiry. in the only effec-
tual way it could be obtained—by a Coonniattee.—
tHeer.)—=But what astonished him was this, what
necessity there Cottld now exist for entering into a
prospective regulation oh a subject not 'grain fur
two years to comic. do the suloject of stamping
the notes, would the Right Him. Gentleman stamp
old notes, or must Ilse former ones be cancelled,
though in good condition ?—(The Chancellor of the
Etehevar. " Not to Stanp old onee.")—Well,
then, resumed Mr. Tierney, that is only a matter
of pure taste. though one could heftily see why this
distinction should be liken between the sound note
and the hew nor.—(A laugh.)—At all events, the
subject required r COllll ttttt re, and if ion other per-
son mowed fur the appoimment of one, lie would
I self do so wheel the Report was Iliong)it up on'
Nlooday. Indeed. the Right Hon, (lenolemaa
had Candidly set oat with expressing the grief he
felt at being olsloged to propose these measures; '
as to one of them, the Item ri riot., Act, Ise ;Nlr. T.)
lord only to say, lie was soot in that least degree sur-
prises! at the motion now made; for. whets !Arne
time ago the light Hui.. (;eon. expressed a doubt
whether it worth' be necessary to cuuunne the Batik
Restriction, It was quite clear allot would be the
result, lor the moment the doubt gut into the
Itelthi Ilot,. Getttlegotts'i heard, it weed Ott of the
Israds of every body /augh)--antl it tre
cause Hillitirrst 'hat rash payments annuli not
be resumed at the apposii.ted time.— 'lleee.)—
The Restrkt.oti was two to fast 1)10 opt

.•
0‘ and nu longer" '(the word. of the old Act). Now,
of this he aid not belie,e one single
(Hears her.)-1t was a palpable delusion, for so
long as the Right Hon. Gentleman went .on with
his career of finance, just so long would the Bank
Restriction continue.--(Hear.) —The some story,
end the seine promisee, would be held fortis next
year; and, indeed, the Right Hon. Gentleman
could conic forward with a better face, fur he
might then say. " 0! I must have the Restriction
for one year snore, and 1110 longer, for how call you
think of disturbing my bunk note system, which
is to begin the next year with the country bankers?"
—(d lasogh.)—lt would be too hard, in 1819, to
touch the system prepared two years before-hand
for 1830; indeed, no decent man could have
the face to 410 it.—(Hear, hear, and a laugh.)—
It was quite clear that the Rs %traction must go on
from year to year, unless the House compelled the
Chancellor of the Exchequer to alter his plan of
dealing with the Bank.—(llear.)—He said, in-
deed, that he was most anxious fur the resumption
of cash payments, and that the Gentlemen of the
Bank were equally so; he (Mr. T.) fully believed
they thought alike on the subject, and that neither
were rash etiough to dream of cash payments so
long us they kept sip the present system.—(llear.)
—Every bady paw what was passing knew that
the Chancellor of the Exchequer could not go oil
in Ins lieautial prcgress without the flunk, nor the
Batik in their increased issues without him.-
(Hear.)—Before rush payments can recur, the
whole financial system now carried on must be
totally altered, or some substitution devised for the
paper circulation of the country. The Right (inn.
Gentleman knows fall well that he trembles at the
idea of the Bank resuming cash isaymelits—(A
langh)-740r his system Isis done every thing to
render cash mitten's quite impossible—it has in-
creased the paper circulation to a great extent.—
The night on. Gentlemen was aware that lie lad
augmented the amount of paper circulation by the
suns of two millions and a half. Were the House
then to be considered suds " dolts awl idiots" (to
borrow the phrase of a Right Hon. Gentleman op-
posite, Mr. Canning) as tU swallow all this, end
not at duce see the operation of the existing sys-
tem of fitotaree?—(/tear, hear, hear.)—lt was
clear enough that if the Bank resumed cash
paynansts ins 'the 11th of July next, the revulsion
would be of au alarming nature; but was not this
very circumstance abetter of grave and serious
charge agaisist the Bank, which for the last two
years, iustead of honestly squaring their issues with
their Proper intetitioll of retiutdiltg cash payments,
had done unite the reverse, owl gone ou incress-
log their issues instead of IratilliWiltig them ?
(lfear, Bear.)—Pithy had uniformly gone on, buy.
ing or advancing money on Exchequer bills for the
use of Cuverinuetit. The Bank continued this

system of accoMmodation to the Chancellor of the
Excht:quer, who was thus mudded to come down to
the house and iu ite flourishing speeches about
Ins having kept Joan the rate of interest, while
the Bank were putting into their pockets douri.hing
profits, by ibis gtittir or playing into each other's
hands.—(llehr. krimi—the Right Hoes. Gentle-
Mali bud Very earnestly occupied himself this night,
in telling the House wkat had happened ::11 years
ago. He appeared 4efy Mottoes to refresh their
memorise oh what was of little consequence to re.
collect; Indeed, for his argument, lie might as well
hate retraced the course of rvsent to the days of
King 11'illiani—tlessi, to state the
whole course of exchanges and litices of bullion
front that time downwards. %Vilest hurl lieppetied
before the present time *us a little consequeoce,
what was to happen alter was of much. The .tus;.
Irian loan. at a further period, was Alluded to ; but
what had beet) the ritiet of that? Two large 'elfin-
lances d been made to Austria, but gold during
that period stood at the Miut price.=;-(Heai..)—
The butte of the country created the then appareut
scarcity of gold—it, in voila of fact, had not gone
wit of the cumitly these hums, but wag hoarded
at home by the people, who joist then got alaruled
at a slight attempt of the Fiend, to laud on the
Welsh coast. The people then thought it a good
thing to have a little gold hid in the corner of a
cellar; though lately it appeared to please the
Chancellor of die Exchequer they had 'hewn a
laudable abliorresice of the precious instals, and
conkd not be got to exchange payer for them.—
The Right I tientleinati had described ill
glowing terths the increased commerce or the
country ; bin he had entered into a grave detail of
plat 'somber of Englishmen now travelling abroad-
-90,0u0 persona, it seemed, hail gone abroad since
the peace, mod about 1.1,000 of them had remained
ou the Continent, who were itterai,ed to draw from
1114 country fur their expenses allot two millions
and d half sterling. He hiMself was four limes on
the It glut Hon. Gentleman's travelling hat. twice
going moil twice returning from France during the
last two years. The colcolltinoi of expense was, lie
thought, an exaggerated one—at least he hoped to
be allowed to put ur a lorisisoct orient the average
share of it, which on this Mooing be might be sup-
posed to have incurred, for the proportion as-
signed was much over •the thdrk.—( largh.)—
'rite foreign loam( formed also a principal part of
the reasons which dictated the Right Hon. Gent.'s
presto! course. The English contribution to these
loans could of course be ascertained ; but how could
the SUMS raised in Prance be ascertained ? By au
examination of the parties eoncerued, the British
share in these transactions could be got at, mud the
House could then see the extent of their operation
as atlicting the money of this country. It would
then, lie had no doubt, be seen that these loans
would riot fttriaish the slightest argument for one
hour's further continuance of the Restriction Act.
—(liter.)—The whole secret lay in the tranaiue-
thins between the Book Directors dud the Right
Hon. Gentleinso, who knew very welt that toe
farmer were his waster*. " 1," said Mr. Tierney,
" told hint so two years ogo; dud I may use the
wood* of the Poet—
" I thought dii Horn, sad sow 1/ ;mow it."
—(Lafighier.)—Without she Mask advances told
deaniogo with the Right Honotirtble Gentlemen,
half of his bubbles would have burst while i.e
was blowing them up.—(/lear, hear.)—On the
subject of the rate of lowest. a few words nay
now be said. It was clear that the rate of In-
terest was now kept down by the system of the
\l'heii the Right Hoti.Gesstlrman attacked'.
the Sinking Fund some time ago, he said, that it
allowed to segment in the accelerated ratio it' vatiW

..f •*, - ' ' ' • ' -
Isovieg in, tlic accumblatiou would becotte eo
great as to lower the rate of interest beyottit all
fair measure; hut his argumetst on the subject
of .foreign loans was the. reverW from their ten-
dency to increase thss.rate of :interest to an nil-
favourablg height., But he 'forgot that it was
Pot the .persatt• *oho weq out of the country
.who alone vested their property
..in tie foreign
funds; for it was clear thabllie inducement to vest
*ay sums there which could be spared warevery cou-
siderable. . IVltesi, the interest was kept down in
this manner, and upheld ou the Continent, it was
impossible to prevent this transmission of money to
the palace where the. higher rate of interest was to
be obtait*d. ~The very system of the Chancellor
of the Exchequer had a tendency to keep up this
inequality, and 'create thevery inconvenience which
he professed to remedy. When the rate of lute.
rest fell in a country by natural and fair means, it
was so far a lima!' of prosperity ; lint such !tees not
the fact when the seduction was artificially caused.
The Right Hon. Genthmais• did tint, of course,
forget his famous project of last June, when he bor-
rowed 300,0001. at the Bank on tht security:of the
woods and forests. By artificial *means it was
also made to appear that the produce of the Sink-
ing Fund in November alitl:Deceinber, was made
equal to that of the whole (leader, ...ilia the Right
Hon. Gentleman seemed to oven k the fact of
the unproductiveness of the Sinking unel,..eind the
failltre of his anticipatiou to pit the !keg per
00l
cents. The very doubts he had created on the
subject of the resumption of cash payments, had
led to that fluctuation and uticertaiittLiti.the goo-
stied market winch was productive of so much
evil. This was now settled for another year—the
evil day was for so long forced off; there was in-
deed a danger in the arrival of the (liar, come when
it may, but the longer it was put off, the greater
would be found the inconvenience, which sooner or
litter must be felt when cash payments are resumed.
Whatever confidence the House may be disposed
to place in the Chancellor of the Exchequer, he
(Mr. T.) hoped such a subject as this would not he
deemed eligible on the mere statement of one in-
dividual. Let a Committee decide upon the goes-
tion, and say whether this was the only nation which
was to be left without a circulating medium in
specie. The Right thin. Gentleman calculated
badly on the strength of the monied interests in
France, when he supposed that she looked to this
and to other countries fur her locum On the con-
trary, lie knew that there was an extelit of wealth
unemployed io that country greatly exceeding what
!night at first sight be conjectured; they would,
without much trouble, find at home a great part
of the pecuniary supplies they wanted. It was,
therefore, time for England to look at home at her
financial situatioll, and refrain from building cal-
culations on the appearances of such matters ita
other Stater. The House should above all luck
into the affairs of the Bank, Hllll take the ieso•t
effectuill measures to compel that corporation to
resume cash payments with the least possible de-
lay : their increasing lamer circuit must he
checked, or else they never can pay in specie.
Toe Right honourable Gentletwin concluded by
giving notice that be would move fur a Com-
mittee on this subject. Thu inquiry could, he
said, he fiisialir4l lit the course of three weeks,
stud it was mom-trims to suppose they could go to
such a 4urstion without it, on the mere confidence
they may place in the Chancellor of the Exchequer
--a comidtatee which he was sure Mr. Pitt, in the
plenitude of his power, would tit vet have dreamt
of applying fur.—( Heim j

Mr. GituarEl.l. concurred in the sentiments
which acre just so Oily delivered by his Right
Honourable Friend. He would not on the present
occasion enter into details, but lie could nut refrain
from making a few allusions on many pretextson
which the Restriction Act had been prolouged, and
which, if continued, would have so injurious an effect
Upon all the pl-operty oldie kingdom, and necessarily
produce litre the rime ihischie4 that suds a system
had unifointiv produced in every Country iii the
civiliited world which was kit to depend un a paper
issue not Convertible to a metallic currency.—
( Hear.j—Tlie Right Hun. Gentleman had stated
something ate three reasons for the continuance of
the Restriction Act (that of the country banks he
looked to as a uhiiwr consideration in comparison
with this.)—The first wai the state of foreign ex-
changes, and the prices of gold. Now lie recol-
lected that in I§ls the reasons urged WM`, that the
course of exchange vl:us 11 per cent. against us,
unit the price of bullion 14 per cent. But what
had been dime in the following yelir (1816) to
redeem the solemn pledges made ? The exchange
was then in our favour; gold was only 3 per cent.
above par, and silver considerably below it. Not-
withstanding this favOurable change, nothing had
been done by the Right Honourable Gentle-
•mait, who said that it were better at such a mo-
ment to have mattes subside and settle. The
state of the harveit of 1816 was also alluded to,
and also that of the following year ; hut the Right
lion. Gentleman could not forget that tot the whole
lining and summer of 1417, the course of exchange
was greatly in our favour, and the price of the
precious metals at par. It was in the autumn that
these advantages ceased, and then trot on account
.40 the harvest, hitt in consequence of the increased
issue of Bank notes Whirl; then took place. There
168 the index and the barometer by which the real
cause and its progress Could be distinctly estpliiined.
The last reason was, the foreign loans. This was
'equally futile. if a wealthy Germsn unerehant
happen to settle here, end contract for a Prairies)
!oau--and a rich ErtgliMi merchant should go over
to Paris and treat for a French one, was it to be
ben* that for such a region incalculable mischiefs
should be borne lty ai whole people?—(Hay, tear.)
—He could not darn without warmth ou such
flimsy pretexts ; but lie would at present minim
himself, awl defer his farther observations • until
after the Bill was brought in. On the subject of
the country banks; would at !Weald mil) put
one question to the Right Hou. Gentleman; and
that was, whether the stock deposits were to be
held as security for the I/. and 21. notes 0n1y....0r
for the 51. and higher ones also ?

The Cuiiiicattou of the EXCHEQUER', in re-
ply, denied that he meant to imply any eliitruot
of the security or the country bankers in general.
441110 wiser wry natunilly arise from a laudable
um, GA. the public security. With' respect
te the ipteition put by the llionoutable Geti=

tlenisn, whether the Exchequer Bills were to L.,
only securities for the one and two pound lades,
or for all the issues of the country bankers %
wished to state. that, in the first place, it was
meant that the deposit should cover the one
•two pound notes--and. shou!d any surplus reiniiiii,
it was intended to be considered as • general salt.-
.faction for the other imams,. Any other regelatioia
would be useless, with respect to the higher is.tten
of the country banker—it would, in fact, be quit,
unavailing, when they considered those into whao-
hoods the country notes were likely to be pl iced.
Ile note wished to notice the observation of lilt
Right Ron. Gentleman (Mr. Tierney). Ile trust
be mistaken in supposing that the foreign bonsai
lions,. frith : refereuce to loans, to the year i79,-„
114 a considerable effect on the course of exchane,.
The shortest and most convincing statemeilt I.r
cruld advance no this subject, was, to read tn..
or three linos (tom. the evideuce given by Mi.
Newland, in rm. Ile stated, that, w 1796, *-
price of gold was taut, at any tune, higher
31. It's. lop. 'per ounce ; and there was then re;..
son to apprehend that it would be clandestinely e -
ported ; but he (Mr. Newland! believed, that, la.
the two last years, gold bad risen to four
ass ounce., and upwards, which induced iudiesduat
to keep it iu this country% He hail now only to advert
to an observation of the Right lion. Gent. opposite
Jr.( l'irruey), who asked, in a lone of taunt and
esi'clism, whether the present plat) was all he meant
to lay before Parliament, or whether a scheme, for
an extensive issue or debentures, was not content-
Nailed ? :to this lie should answer, distinctly and
plainly, that suchot measure never was at all enter-
tained by him. Many rumours had beers circu-
lated through the public papers on this subject--
they bad mode a very considerable noise—but there
was no foundation for them. The Gentleman (we
'Understand a Mr. Dune,) who hod given birth to
those statements--apd who had written to him (Nli.
Vonsiitart) on the subject, he, had at once answered.
Ile felt that it would not be expedient to adopt
/inch a system, He du not, however, give is
direct (nut general negative to the proposition.--
But; he felt, that whatever general expediency
might attach to it, it was not desirable, while theme
was so great au amount of Govertiment douting
debt, in the shape. of Eichequer bills, winch an-
swered every purpose that debentures could be ap-
plied to which were, in their nature, imooolotril
to stock debentures--to introduce a large issue of
the latter. He therefore stated, that it was not his
wish to adopt the system. ((ere he wished, because
he was unwilling to pass over iu ailesice the claims
of other persons, who had suggested financial re,
gulations, to advert to untidier plan,, which wsa pro-
posed some years ago. This was an issue of paper
on the security of stock. It was proposed to Mr.
Pitt, iii the year 1800, by en etunieot
Nlr. Weston. lie (Mr. Vansittort) conceiveil his
plan to be, in most respects, impracticable—and.
its some instances. imploper. But Isis siiggestion
of the advantages of au issue of paper, srcisreliois
stock, was supported by reasons suflicient to cal!
for its adoption—and he waill•eeto confess, that he
wits indebted to Mr. Weston for the. idea. With
respect to the observation made by the Right Host.
Gentleman (Mr. Tierney) as to the probahnoy of
the larger notes issued by country bunkers not
bring received, he should only say. that the pre-
venting an insecure currency from obtaining co-
latiou through the couutry, though it might be up
tended with alone incouvenierice, yet that incom::
iiituce was infinitely less than what must be pro-
duced by the circolatiou of batik notes of a higher
value. when wit properly secured.

Mr. GUENFELL rose to speak to a matter of fact,
and he hoped s iii e of the Directors of the Bunk
were now present, as he did not wish to offer an
observation on a point which any of them might
decide upon, in their absence. In the first place,
lie mast observe, that it was strange, Milikerr, who
were in possession of the pamphlet alluded to by
the Chancellor of the Exchequer, for 17 years.
should never' have thought it worth while to act
upon, until that moment. With respect to th,
statement of Mr. Newland, he pea fectly retiolli (led
it—mud he would state the fact, the inference hem
very ditterent from that drawn by the Chancellor of
the Exchequer. When Mr. Newland said that
gold was as high as four guineas an ounce, hot
answer meant only this, not that the market price
of gold, iu the London market, was su great—(and,
looking to the tables of that period, it would hr
found that it had not arrived at such a height)—
but that the Bank had imported a certain moonily
of gold, through the house of Elution, at Ham-
burgh, which, when it arrived at its destination,
really stood the Bank in the sum stated—numely,
four guineas per ounce; but that was not the mar-
ket price here.
The motion was then put and agreed to.
The CHANCELLOR Of th, EXCHEQUER then
moved—
" That the Minoan of the Committee ie directe.l to
move for leave to bring in a Bill, to authorise Haulm, 111
England and Ireland to issue certain Promissory Nut,
secured on the public Funds or other Courtroom, Securities

In answer to • question of Mr. J. P. GRANT,
which, in consequence of the bustle made by (ti.
tlemen quitting the nOtlie; we could not d .uucil~•
hear, we understood the CuAticer.Log of the Ex-
aminee to say, that the Bills for the Reetrienua
of Cash Payrbents, by the Bank, and fur the regu-
lation of Issuer by the Country Bankers, wool,'
not he introduced before Moudsy.
The motion Was then agreed to.

The House resumed—and Mr. BROGDEN Ote'-
ed. hi 6onforniity with the Resolutions of the Com-
mittee, for " Leave to bring in a Bill to contiooe
the Bank of England Restriction Act, fur a t:ais
to be timited."—Agreed to.
The Hon. Gentleman nest moved for " Leave
to bring in a Bill to authorise Bankers in Eogiamt
and Ireland. to issue certain Promissory Notes. se-
cured on public Funds, or other -Gusermueo,
Security."
Mr. GRENFEEt inquired what expense the room.
try bankers would be subjected to, in tusking Ott:
&petits?
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER ADlwereA,
they would be asked to pay. on the unwind Ittliti,'"
of stock, 2.. 6d. per ceut.—and is. per atn,u.n
during its continuance.
Leave was then giieu to bring in the Bill.
The other Oiders of the Day were then
die
posed ofi and tlik Rouse adjoutued.

INC
h!4

Clot
'hip

!tali

light)
Otte
This
10.44
the

Oil
Wlllll
HARE
Whet

fhe
N 11111111
JOhlll.ll
'lllon tl
Tlit! F
the Pus
Dart of

Ott t
ere I/1
Glouce
Illt foto
into pu
had I**
Ile had
tub of t
/441,ht
nr.
mdo, rr
drberibt
Majtv).
411 pram
of %hid,
lilted, t
dispatch

•

I
• '"
I '
11
• 14
111

01r.
rn
1111 C
MO

•, , 1

AFRICAN INSTI7VTION.

ruisi
re-
MU'

Mot-
Alen

pOPI r
Rum

dl'-

Yesterday the Annual Meeting of the Members
and Friends of the African Institution. took place
sit Freeniasous' flail, to receive the Report of the
Directors.
The Earl of CALEDow was in• the Chair, sap.
ported by Lord Gambier, Mr. Wilberforce, Mi.
Win. Smith, Mr. Barclay, Mr. Babingtioa,aad some
other Members of Parliament.
The Earl of CALIDoN, in opening the business
of the day, regretted the absence of his Royal
Ilighross the Duke of Gloucester, who was than
attending. elsewhere a meeting fur a heinous pu-
pate.
The CUAIRNI•IO celled on Mr. Harriet,. the
secretary, to reed the Report, which this Gentle.
man accordingly did. It was of considerable
length, and drawn up with great ability., It set
out with adverting to the inadequacy of soy mea.
sures for securing an effectual abolition of the
Slave Trade, unless the right of search Steve ad-
mitted by the several Powers of Europe. and the
trade itself stigmatised mid punishedas piracy.
The right of search had been conceded by Spain,
Portugal, and the Netherlands. It alluded to the
partial existence of the trade under several heads—
principally under the French, Portuguese, Anse-
!icon, Spanish, and Dutch—and described the se-
veral legislative measures adopted by each of these
Powers to oupprese so atrocious a traffic. It porti.
cularly untitled to the tardy conduct of.Fratice,
who had not promulgated an ordinadce until the
Bth of January last, and forcibly pointed out the
revival of this odious traffic at Senegal and Goree,
where the Moorish tribes, in ',cunt% slaves for
barter, hod left nothing hut desolation, where
corn, tobacco, cotton, and melons were lately
flourishing. The Governors of Bourbon god
Suree were lately recalled fur seeming,tn connive
et the Slave Trade, gisd it was hoped an inquiry
would take place into the conduct of the Governor
of tiroorgat, where it was the
,practice to clear out
ships its ballast at the custom-house, and after.
wards get sieves on board, through a rlangeroiss
surf at the month of the river. The helmet al.
hided voluminously to the judgreetit,given by,
Willisin Scott, in the case of the Louis. also to the
affidavit of I.ieut. Eike. of the Cossberhsed, who
descrilied the horrors he had seen oq.board the Seilist
Joachim, slime ship, and enumerated the p,9rts to
N% hiudiSlwioand Portugal had by treaty consented
to confine their part or Alija trade. It aim descrilard
the Institution of a Society in America, at the heilak
or which 'tie tlieshingtou's *Kithira. the object of
hich was to colonise parts of Africa with such of
the free Negror,eoo,ooo of whom were in Auntie*.
as wished to revisit their native land. Two Gentle-
men had arrived here from this Association, and
Iwd gone out to Sieve Lome with . letters of re-
ronnuentlatiou from Earl Bathurst, to Governor
.31'Carthy to ascertain the practicability Of this plan
of eolunizatioii. It reviewed the conduct of the
Dutch usi the Gold Coast, and nlso what bad °c-
entred at the Isle of France, Madagascar. Ceylon
he. It also touched upon the inadequacy of the
Registration Acts at the Colodiol Assemblies, aud
the Mho tomtit). which of late cluiricterised the Slave
Toile wherever it had been carried on, in anneal
ships giving resistatioe. And the effect which the re-
vival had hail upon the native Chiefs, who supposed
that white men had given it up. The improvement
;,1 Sierra Leone was forcibly dwelt upon, as well as
Ihr inelaiseltuly failure of the expedttions into the
interior, to escertaiii if the Niger and Congo were
moist one and the same river. It augured favourably
of the progress of the great question 4)l' the aboli-
tion, but lamented the inadequacy of the funds of
the Isistitutiuti.

The Report took a pointed, owl deserved notice
rif the value of the services of Sir Thomas Staniford
Riffles while at Java, &c. white active and• en-
lightened co-operation to put an end to this detest.
idile traffic was described as being above all praise.
Thi. distinguished Gentleman. it stated, wait now
eini:g,tritt as Gove f of Madagascar, and had
p!iniiised to continue his able .tissistance to promote
The same desirable object in that part of the globe.
On the mutton of Lord GAMBIER. the Report
was received dna adopted ; and on that of Mr. C.
atid of Mr. Cpithrs, Auditors and other
Officers were appointed.
Mr. Wltsisaroics moved the presentation of
the Office of Honorary Life Goiernor of the
African Institution to Colonel M•Carthy, the Go,
‘eriwr of Sierra Leone; for his admirable and efl'i-
rirut in the improvement of that colony,—
The Hon. Gentleman described the Colonel's co.
,perantwe wills the views of the Institution to have
of the greatest use. He then took a review of
me blow ',ingress of colonization when even iu the
ihlrst hands, and its value when properly atteuded
to ; amid illustrated hits observations by reference to
the early plans of Sir Walter Raleigh, Bacon, and
:tin, to the early state of Virginia, which was ac-
tually given up as a forlorn hope, when the settlers
%erre at length prevailed upon to return, and had
ultimately succeeded in the cultivation of the soil.
Ile praised the state of Sierra Leone, which con.
tained among its people seven or eight thousand
poor blames who had been rescued from the holds of
slave-ships, and taught the blessings of Christiaiiity
end civilisation.

The Motion was carried unanimously, as was also
11 similar one moved by Mr. Babington to Sir Alex.
Jultiosoile, Governor of Ceylon, who lid prevailed
• poi. the native Chiefs to abolish domestic slavery.
I Hon. Mower took occasion to state, that
!..v l'urtugusse Slave Trade was evidently for souse
rt of huhu.
(hi the motion of Mr. Wi _
`,,,re voted to his Royal Highness the Duke of
liknicester. for Inc uniform support dud patronage of
!..t(u•'l-utiou,whichcnmmcuced with his entrance
~lo point: lite. Ilia Hoye! ilighnes,'• assistance
ad !sten always important in matters of business.
!It 114(1 tem heels merely the ornament at the caw-
!al 1/f their pillar, but the strength of its bmse.---
(4eptisese.)
3fr. Wu. SMITH, in moving thank. to the
reviewed Ilse business of the Institution, and
Jewish's! ,I Services of Captain Curran, of his
3lsjesty's ship nee, in the Indian Seas, as above
411 lid taken thirteen slave ships{ mom
of shah were comlenissed. The Hun. Gentleman
gated. that I.fird Castlereagh had this die received.
illipattlits hints Paris, containing th- pining in-

thanks

TILE BRlrli SIT PRESS.

LONDON,
FRIDAY, Aram 11), 1818.

. •
The debates last slight in the Ursine of Com-
mons will be reed with 'peculiar interest, for they
refer to subjects of vital importance to the internal
economy of this country. The Cliatics3..toz of
the tXCIDQUEII proposed the continuance of what
has been strangely celled the Restriction ou cash
payments by the Bank of England, founding his
claims to that measure on the present high prices
of gold, the dlsposition to export specie to foreign
countries, and the Fousequent disadvantages to
this country in being
.deprived of all its precious
metals. Anxious, however, as the Hight Hoe.
Gentleman has been to represent the measure as
purely national, and founded solely on principles
of public convenience, it is but too manifest that
the interests of the Bank of Fugland alone are the
great object of his care, fur throughoct the course
of his speech iso arguinetit can be found which
Mar not fairly be referred to the conveoietice and
profits of that great commercial establishment.—

Y

It is an alarming symptom of the latent intentions
of the Government to hest the CHANCELLOR of
the EICIIEQUER comparing
.the circumslaucsi
.of
the country, as they it .present exist, with those
which in 1797 *reined to render the original re-
st►iction necessary ; for, after the experience we
have already bad ou this subject, we might tea.
moldy apprelieisil that the same circumstances
will be found to occur in regard to the foreign ex-
changes and the price of gold, whenever the ques-
tion arises in future for the termination of the pre-
sent system. 'lle causes of; the highs prices of
specie are stated by the CHANCELLOR of the
EXCHEQUEIt to be, the bid loftiest in 1816, res
quiring the importation it{• large quantities of
grain-r-the great number of absentees, drawing in
cash their memos of subsistence from this coun-
try-41e residence of our army on the Con-
tinent—and the negociations of loans in thi.4
country by fotei;l:n powers. The number of per-
sons who had left the port of borer to taste the
pleasures of the Continent, from February, 1814.
to the present year, amounted to 90,000, whose
annual expenditure the CHANCELLOR of the Ex-
titeCtixtt calculates at about two millions mid a
This calculation we believe, w.tls Mr.
TIERNEY. to bra• very exaggerated, for if is certain
tied the class of our country folks who principally
reside in Praiser, are not thane most capable of
expefidipg much 'notary.
.. •
The CIIANCLI.LOII or the ExcuEouut,liifewise
detailed his plan relative to the issues of private
Broken. It is proposed that they should deposit
in the hands of the Commissioners for liquidating

the national debt, by way or security 19 the public,
stock to the nominal value of double the amount of
their issues is notes under five pounds. or Exclie-
risser lulls to the actual unionitt of their notes Mined.
They are also to pay a presisinin of all eighth per
cent, or 2s. 6d. Su every hundred pounds, on every
first deposit, unit one. shillisig for every subsequesst
year. This will t effectually prevent the cir-
culation of country bankers' notes of live pounds
and upwards, for no person will bi induced to hold
notes of a high denomination on the hacker's cre-*
dit, when he might hire snore effectual security for
smaller notes to the same amount. These rotes Ma
to lie diitinguislied by a peculiar stamp, to mark
that the security has been deposited.
'Co a question (ruin Mr. TtEaREt. respecting
the probable it.,ue of transferable debentures on the
credit id stock, as lately rumoured in she t;ity, the
tArri'b4l.oll or the EiCHEQUES distinctly stated,
that lie lied uo inteution or proposing suds a
invissiire, especially while there was so large rm.
Moonlit of (4overnsneot paper as is at present
H 431611,1 us the sum ket. Tins is a very InlpOrtsist,
enininisincatton, which ought to have been made
long since ;' liut we
.really believe that the Lords
of the Treasury had not peifectly Made usi their
minds upon the useasnre until very lately, for but
a few nights since Lord LivEarotiz could dive ens

•
answer laspectiug it to Lori LtuntsciALit's ques-
tion. It is not improbabli'olhiit the 'proposition
having taken its rise is the City, where for ob-
vious reasons it beesoe t greet favourite, it came
oecood_hood to milliliters, who thought it a very
Amiable expedient, tod,quite in unison with their
fanciful and artificial system of finance ; but it
was finally thought to be too wild even for their
adoption, and Parliament is at length apprised
of its rejection. During the examination of its
merits, however, the country wait matted to en-
dure all the evils of uncertainty; and gamblers
and stock jobbers were permitted In tritimpb.in the
confusion which the indecision of Ministers had
crested.

The great debate OH the Rank Restriction will
take place, of course, on' the second reading et the
Bill, which gr. BBOHDEN last night obtained
leave to bring in. •- •
In both Horses of .Parliament addresses of con-
gratulation were voted to his Royal Highilei4 the
PRINCE REGENT, the QUEEN, and the Princess
ELIZABETH, on the occasion of her Royal High-
Hess's marries, with the Hereditary Prince of
Hesse Homsouao.

We have received!'aril Papers .of Monday
last. The law for suppressing the glove Trade in
the French dominions has beau presented to the
Xing by the Chancellor of Primes. It has al.
ready appeared in this Paper. We fear it will not
prove effectual.—The trial of the persons accused
of the murder of Fu A I.DICS still taittinues. Madame
AIANION no longer enjoys her accustomed popu-
larity, for the people of Albi, disgusted with her
crime, and the impudence of.. her coquetry, with
justice have hissed her in her way to the Cuurt.

. esterdar•morning JCESTER
visited the QUEEN and PriuKe,►s Auousre, at leer
Palace, and afterwards eccompairied her MAJESTY
and the PRINCESS to Visit the NIECE REGENT at
Carlton House.
The Duchess .of GLouctsTea, the Dukes of
Yost, CLARENCE, and KENT, dined with her
MAJESTY yesterday. In the evening the QUEEN
had a select party. .
Yesterday the Dpkes of You and CUMBER-
LAND visited the PRINCE REGENT at Carlton
House; shin the Earl of LIVERPOOL and Count
MUNSTER had audiences of lii. Royal Highness.
On Wednesday his Rork!flightless the P►ince of
SAXE CODURG, arrived at Claremont from Wey-
mouth.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN entertained.o party
of distinction yesterday at Lowdown House; in the
evening her Ladyship gave a splendid root, which
was very numerous!! and fashionably attended.
The Marchioness of git.tsatiatr entertained a
select party of fashionable* yesterday, at her house
iu Arlington-street.
• The Countess or CARNARYON has iuued cards
of invitation fur a grand rout on the pith instant,
at her Isonse in Lower Grosvenorzstreet.
The Marchioness of BUCKINGHAM and Lord
NUGENT arrived yesterday evening m Buckingham
House. Pall-mall, from Stowe.
The LORD ADVOCATE of SCOTLAND And I►is
Lady are arrived at the Royal Hotel, St. James's-
street, from Scotland. • •
The Marquis of QUEENSBERRY is arrived at
Cook's Hotel, Alhetuarle-street, horn his *eat in
Scotland.

the Duchene of G,.ovr

The Earl and Countess of LONSDALE are ex-
pected this day at their house in Chartes-street,
Berkeley-square, from ,their seat, Cottesoit re,
Rut landshire.
The Earl and Countess of SURREY are shortly
expected in town, from their seat, Workwp
Notts.
Mrs. STEWART and family arrived yesterday at
Blake's (Intel, Jeriasyn-street, from their seat,
Captain and Nlrs. ALEXA N 0 ER arrived yesterday
at the Brunswick MIMIC Hotel, from Lincoln.
Mrs. ADFACROSIMIF. will give a grand entertain-
ment on Sunday next tor large party of distinction,
ut her house in New-street, Spring-gardens.
Mr, • M ETIIUEN will give a grand entertainment
ors the loth inst, at his revideuce w Lower Grosvenor-.
ctrect.

A Innack's on Wednesday evening wrus wore fully
attended thou oily preceding out thus season. Among
the !cowpony were—
Prince Eaterhosy—Miikes of Montrose, Spinelli—Du(l)ms
o(. Leeds—filar ois Baron teNaoliten—Mat-
oriissea Laitstkowo Down* Lothian, Auelesey—Mar.
riliwiesses Stafford; Loissiowa, Currwallio, Wirieshirr-•-
Dowagers .Likmadoeirs, Latham, Oath—Earls Clot...len,
Slinftesbory, Carnarvo• Gower, ITe.taimith, Catedoo, West.
moorland, Abeyant, Hosegerry,eloowilliass—CuesinesresGlea.
lent', Dartmouth, W.emaniestii. Cakdaw, Aboyne---Duwaget
Warwick Asking .Forte---- -eels Anibrrat, %Valtsrourt,
' Maitland,

Auckland,
Vaiteturt, A. Hamilton, G. Beresford, .
.normaisby, Cawi 11'eyntooth, Kelgnre, G. and W.
'Lloneux—Ladies Chichester Amherst, L. Murray,
• two Ladies Legge, H. Windsor, E. Campbell, Rowley, Ducie,
two Gordon', A. Smith, Iwo Langfords, J. Kerr, Y. Tem.
pest, Hampden, Liddell, G. Ben/ford, two Ladies Walpole,
Itllt teley, two Ladies Fspriesesie, B. Mantissa, Cawdoe, Gam-
bino, two Ladle.. Paget, Amill,:tallenboomigh, and M. pan.
J Liddell, J. De Path, G. and P. Roche.
Yesterday • Court of Directory was held. at the
' East India House, when the dew Directors elected
wt Wednciatlay last, vit. . . •
Richard Chichi/ley Sondes, E.g. job* Hadleslod, Esc.
. George Abercrombie Robinsuii, Esq. William Stanley Clarke,
Esq. Joh. E..q. and George Raikes, E.q.
took the oaths and their neat*.—JANks l'arrtsctu
and CAMPait.l. M A CI o Mks, Esqrs, were chosen
• Chairimin and Drputy Chairman for the year
,eusuing.
The answer, to very many inquiries after Lord
PA LMENaTuN krill Ili yesterday owl last night
was, That his Lordship was quite well." .The
next examination of DA11.14, who. is Nuisiked in
Tuthill-fields Prison, it is stoth will, take place on
Monday nest. IJe,passed the might in a composed
manner, but was heard to say, it was his intention
to kill his Liirthilup. He resides in a room in
I the Guieru,ioi''s 11.941.g0 labor be !selves every care
stud tateiltll/11 et i toss

COURT OF COMMON COUNtia.

I .

. THE ROYAL MARRIAGE.
•
Yesterday a Special Cued of Common °nveil, It3atieh
was very thinly attended, and at which there were bet • teas
Aldermen besides the Lord hlayur, was held, for the purpose
of eoeaidew.R the propriety of addreasing doe Priam Re-
test, the Queen, the Princess Elisabeth and the Hereditary
Prince of them Honshourg, upon the manage of '{he inn
last.
After a eonversistkin of some length, in which the thinness
of the attendauee was itronitly ceusured, a Comistrilee wen
appointed to prepare the Addresses, anal they arroratinxty
withdrew, and being returned presented the OW., which
were re4d sad agreed to, anal the Sheriffs, &Item:eat lay the
Reasembritaier, were directed to wait Islam the l'aince
Regent, the Qateen, sisal the Princess sad I'riitce, to ltadw
rhea they would be pleased to receive the Addresses.
The converse • ended here, anal the Coalmine.. WWI ap-
pointed in the casual way, after which the Canirt

• •. • • TIIR TURF. . , _ -.....- .
Belthlirlilltel4Xy %11l brisk, it twins the last.mretinC at
Tattersall's before Newmarket Races, which cominence uu
31uatlay.
• ,ILIDDLIMWORTfI SiIAXES.
S tat OM tree, 7 to 1 apt Riolytiil
IHi 42 iskst Alr.Crockfortl's 9to i apt Plarrat"r, nut
Rob Roy of Lancashire %Vitzh
* to 1 agar Pope AMU. . ..
DERBY.
I r.'
Rto I apt Milton • llfto 1 apt Crecy
10 to 1 agst Allerrefta
Nu Letting out any others.

OAK,.
to 1 apt Leo I • to 1 apt Pope Jean
CLARET.
E to S apt Neva
TOR?.
5 to 2 apt blanked I t, to I apt Sylvanus

ATTEMITOI D. SUICIDE.

Yesterday morning, about 'tine o'clock, lieut. :I`. F. Hat-
late n(the, Rays' Navy, who for the last months
ha. lived with hit Mother, an elderly ladf, in retired lodgings
j6l the Edgware road, atlewlilal to put a period to his
inistesce by sltnuti•g liiinswelt with a pistol. He' placed the
wrapou to his sok,. and the hall passed through his ribs.—
The report of the ps►lol wits hood by some persons it. the
house, who immediately gave the alarm, mud on proceeding
,to the susfortuuale geolfrinaies roosts, he was found stretched
au the door, bleeding copiously. A surgeou ;was instr.rs%.
ascii alhrl iu. Cp.l4v he gave tile the ...altar! ii not
witbout a remedy—cosisequesitly hopes are.etuert.ined nut
only of his recovery, but his happiness. He served live years
iu the navy with great credit.

DBOITS 14 711 E uNwEusints,

Seldom line low been more at odds with equity
thou in the innrence of the exinting Copyright. Act,
It empowers eleven public Inntitutiona to demand
each a copy of every book that is published ; and
this denotes& is rigorously enforced: All literary
works this issue from the press, however important
or however ineinusiderable, are alike subject to this
'Weeping impost,, which is arbitrarily levied is
kind, and not rettnlsted by any ineunure of value.
Au toicyclopechti of fifty volumes is exposed to the
same claim :as it twelve-penny • schoolohook, and
ivust contribute, its eleven 1:11111C11 or coutplete set
A work enriched with :the moo cmily engnivisign,
of which the number published is necessarily small,
thus become* liable to a tax which dere its all hope
of adequate emolument. These claims are said to
be granted for the encouragement of learning, but
the indiscriminate eliturceneent of them cannot be
jitstiOed oil souls a. pretext. A work muy he valuable,
pot an an ileCaalnan to knowledge, but as a rarity,
curious and exkluisite specimen of urt, an object for
the gratifiviition of taste. an article of i 000000 eious
luxury. The library dim Unirerpity is not the plice
for such a work, because it It nut a place for lite-
rary. enjoyment, but for study. • Again, a work way
coutaiti information which, though acceptable to the
public at large, would be superfluous in a continua
silty of learned and scieutiOc men. The curators
61. the public libraries are aware of thin : for,
thougle they claim copies 'of all books publinhet!,
they exclude a considerable proportion of them.
The books thus mit:lode-it are valuelenn to thetbsti-
verf.ily, yet they tnight obtain their full pricein the
market from which they have been withdrawn. It
in bight time that the Act •whicli.iiiiictions this +or-
lid' and burdensome impost .howid be amended.

General Dust, from the 95th Regiment, is to
succeed the late General ST. JOHN. as Colonel of
the 9(itli Regiment, and Sir T. lIISLOP is to have
the )5111.
•
• RACING ON FOOT.--It is twitter of some stir.
prise to the sporting erorld..that a snatch has not
beet made betwist RATNER, the kesstigh,
and licst.s:, the Yin kshire iiiiiii , us it is Said Leith
partirs are " eager for the,froy." .! .1
The demand for FsgihYi mares of substance, u
erell.us blond, fur the Genuine minket, has increar-
ed se. much of late, that the dealers can hardly
supply what is 'doted : and in consequeuce the
inner of these animals for the intrpores of husbandry
Isar had a must extraordinary rise. .
The Rill for repealing such parts of several
Acts as allow pectsiiiiiry and other rewards on the
conviction of persons for highway rubbery,. has
been iiiiiited. Alter reciting these several Acts,
it enacts, that co much of the sams.es authorize
the receipt and payment of• the sem of 401. ou
uppreliesision mid conviction of persons for the
offence* therein named, shall he severally repeal=
ed, and that am certificate shall be grapted to
tiny person who shall so appreheud or convict any
person guilty of ,any of said &kitties, to discharge
such :person from Parish and Wad offices;, and
whereas many per.titi are deterred from prime•
cubs% persons guilty of felony, by the expense
slid loss of time attending such prosecutibus, the
further enacts, that the Coen, before which the
trial takes place, shall be empowered, at the request
Of the prosecutor, to order the Treasurer, of the
comity to pay unto suds prosecutor and,wituesser,
as will the costs and charges of the indictinetst, is
also a sum to reimburse them for the expenses in.
curtail in attending liefore the Grand Jury, mid car-
rying ou said prorectittoo, itud to cempeitsate them
Gtr their lois of time anti trouble—said order to be
made outwitliotit fre or reward, anal to be pail on
sight, by the Treastiter, to the parties.

- THE 9REENIPICIP MURDERS.

I. •
FINAL EXAMINATION AND COMMITTAL FOR
TRIAL OF CHARLES HUSSEY.
• •
• •
Yesterday 'nursling, so early ea nine o'clock, crowds were
.sitelohleil at Greenwich, oppmite the National 3chs,ut, it
hcnig nuderslond that the egalminstion erCharles nuoitY
• would commence at half-past nine o'clock. The voadafyissi
'Deptford, Blarklurth, mid all the .pleces sdjaceist to Patric, •
such, were limed with peratins, who were eager
•view of the Prisoner. half past nine there were..at
'three thousaisal moons writing anxiiniAly toilet theiPria..mer,
and witnesa his examissailow. The Nlazistrates•of the town
hail the precautiosi tuaerret peniliouv in the Nation:it School
Roams, which holds two Bummed 11...11.01114, to ItIeVCIII
crowd periling urn' then, and -thereby •inlimilept the hi,-
The .Trirnoter -(Gliartre Mobley) was' brolirt from tai.:
cage (where he WM etinsned during the night," shod Icial to 1.-
:cuils to sit up wills him) at eight o'clock, by Adkins,
Vickery, and the parish constables, Su prevent may disturb-
-;:iice which.might otherwise have arisen drum the extraordi-
nary curiosity of the inhabitants' of...Greeuwich and the
neighlusurhimit
About twenty minutes before ten the following Magis-
irites.semjied et the School, fur the ourisoie of taking the
evidence of the witnesses i--Culoner Foreman, Itichsrd
Smith, Esq. Abraham Constable, Iter. IL • Davie.,
Rey. Dr. 11'attaro Jame, Rice trilliauss Esq. sad Colima
Vermeil.
The Primmer was placed at the bar, about is quarter he-
Tore tso, 'hi Adkins' slid YielkevA, by order of the Mail&
toilet ;.alial the inhabitants of'Greesiwiela and the rabbi,
were admitted at the 4ourts to witness the Interesting 4.1131111 i.
nation. Alum& two 11suomind perauus gained adinittiosee,
and as maasy'waiied mimed* the building during the wh.da:
of the examination. The High easustoble (Mr. Smith), soil
all the constables and ollicere of Greenwich were called nut
upon the'eci Rabin. The windows of the School, where the
examlnation, look plate (it being the most commodious
placein the tow?), were broken by the crowd, andllhe Imes-
urge frequently interrupted, which the exertions of th.:
oaken could outlirevent.
Mr. Itickisell, the Clerk of die Magistrates, read the fol-
lowing evitlei6,* which was taken before Mr. Smith mad
..110.111e8 Hite Emu ou last Monday week, at the
committal fur trial of Hamilton, charged 4111
piens* of being accessary with Clarks Hussey in the
mantel anal rubbery of Mr. Bird and Miry Simmons,
The •Magistrate sisal presided (Richard So.itb, Esq.) said
theiliac
rt evidence affecti.d loth the rrtimmers, sad was very
imi ant.
• Mrs. Goddard, wife of Mr. Goddard, of Hughes'.fichis,
Deptfueif. being sworn, stated, that about e unosth after the
'Omissive' were cuseneittled at Greeisrsii.l4 Mr. Lotto*, of the
Greenwich Academy, brought a dux to her West, alid st was
placed ouster a couuter its her husband's shop. She and her
ItHshand deal in grocery; the hex was out removed front
e.uskr the counter during the time it wiss at her hussar, until
Hodges and Larkins, the remittable*, Ricked it away.
,Magistrate—What /might is your shop clammier i—About
the usual height.
Magistrate—lf ydu were Minding where your customers
stand to be served, could you see the bux in the situalluis it
Plastid ?—1 know I could. • -

Magistrate—After the box Mao brought to your house, did
Hoesey.and Ilaziedou cornet° your house in company to-
gether ?—Yes, they did; l can't say bow often'. lii nue in-
stance 1 rearearber 'Homey caw with Haaledoei • we tom
then just dined; it sajght be a *eel ballore'llusaey lft town ;
they took refreshment, I believe some cold meat drat was
left by ass; and after they bad dined they went iatia the front
start). together. Hussey went to his box to take out amuse.
thillC•whick be gait; be wanted.
Maghtrate.ak did•HriteMon'lrtahrl when Hassey was
looting over the box stood ea the whim aide of tie
canister, talking to
Magistrate—Could be me tie tiaiteeti of the box ober.
We stood at the time ?..Yes, be certainly could, if he looked
thai day.
blagistratei,uDo pot think be Insist have seen what the
box tontained, whets be was telkiug td Money ?—She could
slut speak positively cm that point, but she imagined that Ism
dad pee the meteor.
MagWraliirtWlest were the contents of tic box ?—She
%Vali led by curiosity to open the box, and she found a silver
ladle, four sheets, two 11. and two 21. Bank of England
55,51.5, and his clothes, which he wore in summon.--(Thif
properly was produced by the constables.}—Tbe jacket then
produced, de oilers, the ladle, sad the hat, were the pro.
'rusty she found ia the box, end what she delivered up 11l
the constables. 'ate goiters were worked with blood,
they appeased that iime,mbie the jacket; the shoes arena
also marked wish Bask spots ; they were that in the snit-
Atom she found tiers icy and she knew they were the ap.
parii of Charles Halsey. Site believed that so prrsou but
Charles Finney bad been at the box during the time it was in
her house.

' Me. Goatee, the landlord of the Tiger's Head, was tint
f.xamined... He stated that Hussey and Hasrialon*ere at his
house on Saturday, the day preceding the sliseuvery of the
inseams, about three o'clock ; he did not see rather of
them after, until half-past ten o'clock, when be saw Hussey
in Ile lodge-room. What became of Husaey from these
tettitth until ten, be could uot say. Hussey slept at by
hthise ou the Saturday eight the wieder, *ere committed,
and hit as soon as be had breakfasted next morning. •
i• Magistrate—Were mot Hussey and Haseldeo in cissoady of
the constables (Larkins and Hodges) at your holier, a few 'days
after the murders were discovered N—Yes,.they were; end the
constables examined them, and discharged their without
biking them before a Magistrate. • . .
Maristratc-1)ld pus sot Neat say that brads Homey sad
Hariehlon wore at your house all the night of Saturday, no
which title mueden were supposed to bare heels emmitted
emit. positively say the precise words 1 told the officers;
but if I did say so it was wider' mistake. • I
leftism and Hodges declare! that the witness did 'most
positively say to there that Haresef.andtbeeldon were in his
berme all the' evening and night of the. Saturday wben the
Adcris were committed.
The Magistrate severely reprimanded the constables for
out bringing the Peisoiter• before dam, instead' of rakiasg
aims tben4elres the office of Magistrates, to examine AO
discharge prieutiees ' • aud the witness, Mr. Glisten, was,cen;
urea verY Mischfor leadieg the officers Into an error, 14
speaking a falsehood.
• Mr. °eaten said be was sorry, but it was quite an error
what he said.
The evidence of Mrs. Goodwin, •of Peckham, Hus.
sees sister (which we have already gives), was next
read; the only additional part of it worth uotictie, that she
said that Hussey sad Haseldou bad been toren" to bee
house, and that she found the watches belonging to Mr. Bird
in Hussey 's box.
• Mr. George Martin Bird was next examined. He seemed
much affected at the sight of the blood-Whined property.—
He identified the watches, the silver ladle, and ell the other
property, except the Beek notes.
H. LOH kin% constable ofpreuelch, staled, that be found
the property produced (except the watches) at the house of
Mix. Woodward, ire-box belonging tq jbe prisoner Hussey.
The watches were brought to Greentlicli by Mrs. Goodwin,
of Peckham.
James Hodges corroborated the above evidence. He add-
ed, that wheat be took Maid**a tab custody, Hasrldon said
that be was in company. with Hussey in the afternoon of Sa-
turday night when thetaurdem were committed, and also on
the followiag aseraing, bet be deeded haring any knowledge
of the treasaction.
John Vickery, ars officer of Bow-street, was them *Worn
earl remised. He stated that out the 2d of April Maim': hr
was examiniag the Prisoner, sod the paste a iug he then Iwo-
lated fell from his boot, as be was iu the act of taking it
00; for the purpose of searching him. Haney 'lira 111611 Üb•
Ott him that he found the ring, with the other property, in
Mr. Smith's ground at Greenwich.
Mr. George Martin Bird identified the ring prodUced, as
the property of his late father.
Henry Innis, flow-street officer, produced the ring which
Mr. Poulton, of Deddington, delivered ap ea the exurbia-
lion at lkor-street. The Prisoner MW, he, tumid dtat• Oft
amongst the properly at the bank of tie Cdr lode 41)540,11

..~`
