FRENCH CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES.

In the French Chamber of Deputies, 31. GAUTIER, nn the
25th of .]larch, presented two petitions from the most respectable
merchants, both of Havre and Paris, against the Slave True.
These petitioners stated that the laws against this trade were qtete
inefficient, that it went on increasing in a manner at once disgrace.
tut to the character and inconsistent with the safety of the French
(lag; and that all the legislative enactments on the subject had
only tended to increase the cruel and odious nature of those, trans.
actions. Where the trade was permitted, the number of SIMI
ass determined by law in proportion to the burden of the vessel.
At present three or four hundred arc crowded in a space which
would then have been thought barely sufficient fur a fourth of that
number. The petitioners concluded, by giving a strong pietur; of
the miseries of the negroes, and asserted that 3 or teen were thrown
every year into the sea, to avoid the punishment awarded by the
law. 31. Gautier hoped these facts were exaggerated; but the
trade undoubtedly existed, notwithstanding all the exertions of
Ministers to carry the laws into execution. The most vigarous
orders had been issued on this subject, and the supeeted vessels
were subjected to the strictest surveillance. Cruisers had been
stationed near the Antilles and Cuba for this purpose. Every
means were employed to prevent the manufacture of chains and
other instruments used in the trade. All these preventive meavares
were intrusted to special commissions ; but he asserted that laws of
greater severity were necessary.
M.SEBASTIANC spoke to the same effect. Last year thirty ves.
eels had sailed front Nantes for this unlawful traffic. The 311114.
tern were guilty at least of tolerating these murderous recruiters on
the coast of Guinea, In the first war the slave population would
be ready to rise against the French West. India Colonists, and to
assist the enterprises of the English in these possessions. He was
not surprised, however, at the conduct of Ministers; wherever
slavery cajoled there the French Ministers were always at hand to
support it. They had not bean content with encouraging the black
slave trade, but had associated with that crime another, which had
been justly called " the white slave trade." This was the same 31i.
nister who had furnished officers to Ibrahim Pacha. It was under
his eyes that easels had been constructed at Marseilles for the
Satrap of Egypt. It was under his eyes that the cannon were
founded which then battered alissolonglii. If humanity did not
teach him better, policy ought to do so; but his policy was es fake
as his sentiments were unnatural. The continual murmurs which
he heard from the Illembers round him, far from afflicting him,
only gave him pleasure. They proved that these gentlemen partici.
peed in his sentiments on the subject.
M. de Vitant• observed that Ministers had prosecuted thole
who had engaged in this traffic at Names or in the Colonies, and
the Cour de Carmelo* sas now engaged its a trial oa the subject.
He argued that she present laws were sufficiently severe, and that
a capital punishment would only tend to make the mews of the
vessels less scrupulous about throwing their victims into the sea.
He would next proceed to another question—that about white
slaves. The official communications of the Commander of the
French squadron in the Levant, would prove the assertiors on this
head to be unfounded, The Minister produced a despatch dated
the sth November, 1825. It stated that in a Turkish fleet of 134
sail, whichfarriv d off Cape Matassand on the 3d Novennine, there
were three of the transports Tuscan, eight Austrian, accent English,
three Sardinian, live Spanish, and one American, and not a single
French vessel. On the last visit of the Commander at Napoli,
the Greeks begged him to assist in the liberation of some women
and children taken by the troops of Ibrahim. The corvette La
Diane was at Modem, and Ibrahim caused all the female slaves he
could find to be sent on board. The Journal de Hydra, accenting
to the same Commander, in a letter dated the September 23, under
I know not what influence, never ceases to calumniate all the pro.
ceedings of the French, and it did not fail to mention than a French
brig of war had fired upon the licra of Cantiris. Canaria had signed a
pater formally contr• liming this assertion, which was transmitted to
France. They were sometimes obliged to fire upon Greek vessels ; bet
it was incredible that they should tire upon Canaris a man seem
they all respected and admired, and whose son had been lately car.
tied into France in a King's ship. to he educated there. On the
20th December 1825, the same officer wrote that the French Tenses
had served as an asylum for 7(100 Greeks during these trountri.
and that they came on board every day in this way with their wives
and children—an assistance winjea was at least as gnod as any sun.
scriptions could be. The vessels of the King of' France had rever
carried money or troops for the Turks in the 3lorea, and every flag
but the French had been seen in their expeditions. (Bravo.)
M. BENJAMIN CONSTANT observed, that the punishment
awarded by the law against those who engaged in this trade was
only the confiscation of the Incase], and the incapacitation of the
Captain ; anti then: were a thousand ways of evading them. The
success of one 'in esti makes up for the loss of many. and the ('ap.
tarn can take a fresh command in the name of aaother perama 'lnt
punishment of death was by no means too great fur such a crime.-
11e repeated what had been said about the lireek cause. Ministers
had confessed that men were redruited openly in France for me
Paella of Egypt. lie could mention where and villa—, Name
them.) He would name Al. de Livron as one she recruited for the
Pacha of Egypt, and the Ministry, he said, continued the officers
thus enlisted to their former rank.. He wished to believe that Mere
were no French vessels in the Turkish fleets, but were there no
French officers? He concluded by entreating those who were so
anxious for the interests of religion, to preserve at least a neutrality
in this ease.

M. Dunom asserted that England was as actively engaged ih
this trade as any other nation whatever. Forty-two condeturarions
had taken place in France last year, for dealing in slaves. and net
one in England. Vet an English journal had said, that 62.t1e0
slaves had been imported into the Isle of France alone by the Eng-
lish since 1812, by passing these negroes for old slates. Erg-
land had another method of conducting this trade by means J 1
special treaties concluded with the Chiefs of the island ..t 31adr.
gasear. The real question in this case was, that humiliatirg
for the French flag—whether it should submit to be Reatetet: by
da English ships of war. He concluded by moving the order a the
li. SEBASTIAWI observed, that no answer had been given (a
what he had Mid about building vessels for the Prcl:a at Mar-
seilles, nor to his remarks about the officers who had chsciptied
the armies of the Paeha, and conducted them in the relnponne:us.
M. Villele had spoken of Halpin and Rigny as the two naval com-
manders in the Levant, but there was an intermediate COIT)1111111d 111
the course of which the treasure of the Pacha of Egypt had been
conveyed from Alexandria to Navarino. It was said th.tt the right
of search was the true. question in this ease ; but French vessels
were now actuslly searched for slaves, and they were searched pm'
duly because this trade existed. _

Al. de VILIELE again replied. The intertnediate commander
alluded to had been recalled, in consequence of his departing man
the syctem of a strict neutrality. As to the resat ly built at Mar-
seilles, he had said that there were things which his nfTii isi situa-
tion rendered it impossible for him to explain to the Gintiber; but
since it was insisted upon, ha world state that vessels bad been
built for others besides the Pacha ni Egypt, among others. 1411. the
Gest of Algiers, with whom the French Government wished w be
on amicable terms.

The Pacha had been permitted to build a frigate and a ccreette
at Marseilles, but he had not been permitted to arm them there;
and in that he had been treated less favourably than the Deja
Algiers.
It was said that men and stores had been sent to the Pacha from
France; but why should it be tboufht necessary to depart teem the
neutrrl system in this case, when it wss contested that the Greeks
received similar assistance. Government had perhaps carried its
impartiality too far; for the piracy of the Greeks was notorious,
and particularly against French vessels.
The Order of the Day was then carried.
A discussion afterwards arose upon another petition. about re-
conciling the civil and eccletiastiest laws on the subject of marrittr;
and it was maintained by the Opposition that the designs of Mi-
nisters in this teepee, as in the cm of the law of primogeniture
had been adopted for the purpose of overturning all the ',with%
re:atioris or society.

Several of the principal dealers in corn at Leighton
Bursard have resolved, that in future they mill use the
Imptrial bushel only, and buy and sell by the quarters
instead of the local measure of five bushels.

ST. LUKE'S VESTRY.

Yesterday came on the annual election at St. Luke's Church.
Old.street. of Vestry Clerk, and 48 other officers for that pariah,
many other propositions were to have been submitted, wonting to
the printed circular, of which no notice was taken. None but
vestrymen were admitted. The election lasted nine hours, and a
more alarming and disgraceful tumult never occurred in any church.
It can only be compared to the O.P. rows of Covent-garden theatre.
setooling. yelling, hooting, heating with sticks, and kicking with
heels, drowned the whole of the latter part of the business. There
is to be a ballot, which sill last two days, and on that will rest the
issue of the contest.
Mr. PORTER, the senior churchwarden. was nominated to the
Chair, by the majority, In a list circulated in the Church foe sig.
natures.
Mr. 3lt twit, the anistant.elerk, reed the general notice.
Mr. PORTER congratulated the vestrymen on the right they
possessed of an open vestry, for the election of the officers who were
to govern their affairs. lie hoped they would patiently hear every
vestryman without interruption ; that they would allow a fair
exercise of that privilege denied to many perishes, avoid all per-
sonal:dm and conduct themselves as became the inhabitants of the
respectable parish of St. Luke. The first proposition he should
offer to the Vestry was the election of a Vestry Clerk, and which,
as the mot important of their duties for that day, he thought
should be first decided.
The proposition was carried went. die.
Alderman Brower said he came to the meeting at a very great
inconvenience. Ile had been an inhabitant of the parish fourteen
years. and always felt a pride, in this land of liberty, of exercising
those privileges of right of which Englishmen were proud in the
exercise. They had had sixteen years of quiet and prosperity, and
now a party hail been got up to disturb that unan' y—a partrfor
parr purposes—a party to oppose their present Vestry Clerk, for
doing that for which the Vestry Old No frequently returned him
their thanks—that of saying the expenses of the parish. Aye,
saving the expenses—for his opposition to the Macadamising Fins-
bury.plece was the real and only cause of opposition. Ile had been
Irg an inhabitant of Finsbury-place. and admitted that the
Macadamising of that part would be a great comfort end conveni-
ence to the inhabitants of that spa. The noise of carriages there
was excessive. He himself had put his name to the foot of a
peritioc to the Paying Board to have the proposition carried into
effect. Their vestry clerk opposed it on legal grounds. Not a
tied with his judgment of the law, he (Alderman Brown) sub-
'embed his les, to have tire opinion of the Attorney-Henna. Th.
decision wain their Meow., but still Mr. W. opposed the measure.
This it was that irritated the feelings of the inhabitants of the
Finsbury division, and they have been exerting every nerve to
effect the displacing of their Vestry Clerk,and to elect 1l r. Florence.
He knew whet would be the alleged ground of oppopition—that
their Vestry Clerk receives too high a salary, anti that Mr. Florence
will undertake the duties for one-half. By whom was that salary
voted?—Themselves. %Vho was to blame?—Themselves. He
knew they might get a man to do the business cheaper, but was the
cheapest always the best? It that principle was to prevail, In
Hod's name elect neither Mr. Wilk. run Mr. Florence. bet them
advertise tenders for the lowest salary. Many men could be found
to do the duties at half price, and others again at half that price.
They would be told of the haughtiness and insolence of Alr.Willos,
or his hard.heattednees to the poor, kc. Some had said, are we to
be libelled—to be ruled by a servant ? But who is that servant ?
oat who had diligendy and faithfully served them for sixteen years,
and received their unanimous thanks eleven different times. He
should not indulge in personalities ; of Mr. Florence he knew
nothing till hie connexion with Mr. firiffiths. Had Mr. Wilke
ever involved them in law difficulties ? No; he has always kept
clear of those involvements, and honestly exerted himself to the
utmost in the discharge of his tholes. He would propose that Mr.
John %Vilks be re-elected as their Vestry Clerk, with a salary of
&WI. per year (last year it was hoof.)
Sir C. k LOWER would second the motion.
Mr. Pon TE a read the resolution, which being objected hi, that
the election of their Clerk ought to be first decitied. and the salary
mode a secondary consideration, the sum was expunged.
Sir C. FLow en hoped the Vestry would look to the ground of
opposition; that they would have the charity to consider the
numerous and important services rendered by their Vestry Clerk.
and say would they trust the hazard of their services to an untried
candidate, when they hod experienced those of Mr. IVilks for 16
plats.
.Me. YATES had been a vestryman five years, and avowed his
attachment to the parish. An important duty devolved on them
that day. The broad grated on which Mr. Florence was
offered to them was simply—were they to have the right
of electing their own servants? Are the to enjoy the pool.
loges of an annual election, ST were all their parish officers to he
at the nomination of Mr. Wilke ? The charges against Mr.
Wilkey/ere four in nuntber:—Firta. his imperious and haughty man-
Da of receiving those vestrymen, making propositions, or asking be.
refits for the parish, that he was not disposed to sanction. Second,
his opposition to every measure not originating with himself.
Third, his harshness to the poor. And, fourth, his enormous sa-
laries. It had been asserted, they would find no person en
qualified—no one feeling the mime interest would be found. This
he would deny. Numbers could he found equally interested.
Every. paid officer of their parish had been raised in salsey. The '
opposition of Mr. Wilke to the alacadamising Finsbury-plaet had
been said to be the =aft of resisting the re-election of their Vestry
Clerk. That was not the ratter. He had stated them in the four
charges. He never heard of his opposition to the measure till
lately. What heel not been the insulting conduct of Mr. Walks?
When the deputation waited on Mr. Wilke with their petition they
were insulted. Mr. rove in indignation, and said to
ore of them " Who are you, Sir?" (Hisses and clamour.l Alr.
Willis had published a defence, boasting of the respectability of
the names attached to it. They had names as respectable as any
In the Fetish:. they hail 27t) who solicited Mr. Florence. Their law
charges had been enormous. .Me. (-Madge had been charged oar.
kw a contract he had never been celled upon to execute. .1 state-
ment had keen circulated by :11r. Wilke, that they wanted to set
the father against the son, by inviting him to oppose his father at
this vestry. It was false. It was said another could not be found
to fill the office, and that WO/. per annum was not enough. Mr.
Florence was every way qualified, and he should conclude by pro.
posing as an amendment, that Mr. James Florence be put in nomi-
Latin:, for the office of Vestry Clerk.
lA'. Divisor seconded the amendment.

. . .
Mr. By )1 n should not have then but for the gross misrepre-
sentation the other side had made. as to the motive tor refusing to
Aiscadamize Finsbury-;Dace. The rate could not have been col-
lected it would reduce the rates of that division one-half, and
mtsll an expense of Mal/. on the other inhabitants.
Mr. EARITH had a srit at the Paving Board, and was surprised
at the conduct of Mr. Wilks. That gentleman arrogated to him-
seit the chairman's duty ; he dictated to the chair and to the board ;
in fact. he wan the governor of them and the whole parish. At the
time the additional Inn!. was voted to Mr. iVilks, be did suppose
that flOO/. was all he received; and he was surprised when he
Inked for ar.other hat in addition to the 150/. he received from the
trustee bread ; ;raking altogether a salary of 800/.
Mr. Crenlan I, Mr. Rummer. and 51r. Bateman had some cross
fire questions. the answers to' which the tumult on either side pre-

tamed our hearing.
Mr. HATE mat,: had lived nll his life In the parish, and had
terekd some of their offices. He could speak as to the urbane man-
ners of Mr. Wilke for the last sixteen years. He had to lament
the alismer of many friends. now no more, who meld also do
justie. to the behaviour of Mr. Willis. He asserted that Mr.
11'ilks could not be exceeded in politeness and readiness to serve
the prei,,!l. He wont% not detain them long. Mr. Earlth had
said Mr. W'ilks dictated to the board. If so, whose fault was
that? :b. was often called on to give an opinion. The
oitival rested on the chairman. not the organ. It was not every
nue that had the ability to address a budy. The opposite party
alleged that Mr. NVilks did not pay them sufficient respect, and
th., titer made a ground of accu-ation. He should leave these
tritous charges to their own refutation.
Mr. :HELLISH judged from the countenances of persona around
a strong ttanor titration of the importance they attached to the
rack of the tlity's business. The peace and wellbeing of the
parish were the things most to be sought—it was the centect of gu-
llet). 11-4 should not be broken. l'he whole of the charges re.
suited into this—the deportment of Mr. M'ilks seemed unpalatable
to some gentlemen. Taking the charges as stated, what did they
ammrit to? Nothing to justify such an attempt as contemplated
this day nothing could justify such an agitation after 16. years of
calm, Inn the most flagrant misconduct.
Mr. At.nc R has lived 24 years in the parish, has served several
offices• anti preserve-1 his consistency. Ills opposition to Mr.
is to rescue the pariah from a corrupt sysum, and an oppo-
*idol is the only remedy.

Mr. PAT.l.tsen begged the meeting would not be gulled. It
was tickii.h to !Midi Int the consciences or attorner.' tie had em-
ployed Mr. Wilk,. and always found him ac. Intl' justice. One
v,ulti %oppose we lod been translated to some taintless parish.
11 r. 11'ilka had been roriesi un as an angel. Great as he statute, he
is but our scream. Mr. 11'ilks puts in whom he pleases. and re-
move, others in the same army. To think of inviting the son to
oopoec the rather squid be jutoping out of the frying-pan into the
i.te....he is n chip of the o.ld block. The behaviour of Mr. %Vint*
P. the pt‘or tuts been Cfilt 1: they have been treated at the bar of the
Commit:et Haut as at the her of Newgate.
Here 31r. Jnnv jon. entered to confirm the statement
of the buti!ation to oppose hi. father. Three persons had invited
him-51r. Alder, 31r. Evars. and another. He had declined the
triation. lie declartd, were he on his deathbed, he would penis'
In assenit.g i.e was so solicite 1. (Great uproar.)
Mr. Art+ T: n solemnly declared he never invited Me. W. jon.
liefore lied it never entered his mind. It was as false as invention
vulti be.
A letter of Mr. W. jun., requesting Mr. Alder to state to the
meeting that Mr. A. did call in November and invite Mr. W.
Jan. to stand, and his belief of the statement to be true, occasioned
at indescribable tumult.
Mr. CLARKE would defend Mr. Wilk, from the accusation of
Irma°. kg 14 w Mita ; he had always been averse unless on strong
ground.: he did happen to know that four out of every titre ap-
peals hal been gained, and that he had saved the parish 10,000/.
(" Mining nonsense," alluding to Mr. Clarke'. directorship of a
mining speculstion, in which an lion. Member of the Lower House
hut an interest).
Mr. Herta could not give a silent vote on en Important an oc-
elolust. He regretted that Mr. Wiiks, with his extraordinary
talen.m.stinvltl'hot have amended the system pursued in this parish.
Tile list of officers presented for acceptance In a body is a great
error. The etectien of each should hu single. If the hit were
Pe-severed to, he should emnese Slr. election. He ought
long ere this to have brought about a refor,n. r
I
Ir. CASTLEr •aitt a notice should have been sent to the vestry.

men when the lut 1001. was voted to Mr. Wilke, and then they
would have had an opportunity to express their sentiments.
Mr. HOOCH had filled offices for eight years, and thought notice
should be given when the pariah money was to be voted.
The Rev. JAMES HARGREAVES thought reform necessary.
Mr. Wit.os—l am completely willing to leave the motion to
calm consideration. If it he the wish of gentlemen that I should
speak, it is certainly a duty with which I shall endeavour to comply.
I. who so long have felt a dear attachment to the parish—l, who
have been so often rewarded by demonstrations of your approval—
cannot hesitate to express the sentiments I feel of your habitual
kindness. Those who will allow prejudices to dispel, must f, el pity
for the individual so placed as I ant. Contrast the present with last
Easter : it Is enough to paralyse any heart of its happiness. That
da' was the proudest of my life, I may say. My services were ap-
plauded, and you marked your sense of them by an additional 100/.
voted to my salary. Two hundred persons demonstrated the pro.
priety of the vote. Those approved my services, and gave a sensa-
tion to that heart which will never cease to beat in gratitude. It
was only last Easter that two of my antagonists (Mr. Alder and
Mr. Greenland) held up their hands for the Increase. What a mar-
vellous change has occurred since ! And these are the gentlemen
to bring a bill of accusation against me ! As to Macadamising
Finehury-place, if I did not act as a man in my situation ought to
have ac:ed, degrade me as undeserving your favour; for your re-
jection of me to-day will be my degradation. The trustees were
guided by legal opinion; they had only power to pave ; they were
prohibited by our Act of Parliament from appropriating the funds
of the parish to any other purpose. The report of the sur-
veyors stated the cost of repairs of paving to be 5a1.; the Mac-
adamising would cost 0001. I spoke strongly, because it
was a matter of moment. We could not legally enforce the
rates, if the Macadamisation had been done. I put it to your
justice and honour. whether I. your old servant, shall be
disearded for that which the cpinion of two eminent Counsel
advised me to recommend. I am only your servant, and when
I forfeit your good opinion of me 1 shall cease to be what it
has been my pride to uphold. I Mr. Walks read a letter, stating
the opinions of Counsel, of the Paving Board, and his offer of 4W.
towards the expense.l I would falter march to the place of exe-
cution, than remain branded as a degraded being, unworthy of your
support. It wax unfeeling to introduce the subject of his son ; for
two years there had been no communication between them bat on
general business. Some conversation did take place is to the in.
vitation, which both sides had Misunderstood. Obliterate the sub-
ject of setting a son against his father. If, after the fatigue of in-
vestigating 12 or 15 parish causes, he should have felt tired, and
spoke to gentlemen, w:m came at eleven o'clock with a proposition,
not so courteously as they expected, it was but a venial offence, nor
such an one as to merit his dismissal from office. When Mr. Clay,
of Illinois, in America, returned, after a a difference with one • thous
he had displeased, he addressed him, " My friend, you have often
hunted, and in the chase did your rifle never miss?' "Oh, yes,"
said the American, " the other day I lost one of my best ehanciA by
its not going off." " Did you break your rifle, then, and throw it
away ?" " Oh, no, I primed it again, and it brought down my
game." So I hope it will be with me: if I have tailed in one
instance, try me again, as the American did his ritht—do not break
me up, and tINHM me away as useless.
Mr. Wilks here sat down, and the dreadful uproar that ensued
of applause on his side, and dissent on the other, rendered every
eflitrt to restore order impossible.
Mr. FLORANCE addressed a few words to the meeting. If he
failed now In his attempt it should be his last ; he was invited, or
he would not have been there this day.
Some ordinary appointments were made, and five persons on each
side nominated as sautinem of the ballot, with Alf. Porter as
Chairman.
