1

the Duke of Wittuxotolt- was requested In repair
direct to Verona, the Sovereigns having left Vienns
for that destination. This is Incorrect, or his Grace
mat• not have received a communication to that
effect in time to cause a change. The Cowier of
last e►ening says..." Dispatches have been received
.
from the Doke of Wattto GTO N, who arrived at
Vienna on the 30th ult.; his health rather improved
by the journey, though he had been bled since his
arri►al."

We have received New York Papers to the 12th
lost. The contagion. we regret to find, makes
alarming progress. The Nem York Gazette, of
September 4, contains r li.t of 340 removals (in
consequence of (le fever). including those now
doing business at Greenwich, and 78 other., mak-
ing a total of 418.
A meeting hod been held at Boston, the object
of which is to accelerate the suppression of the
Slave Trade. The method proposed is that Of
colonisation; or, in other words, the trimstnittitig
back to the coast of Africa, and there settling. the
redoudarst black population of those Stake of the
Union in which slavery is practised.

On Tuesday night, at eleven o'clock, Mr.
WALTERS, the King's messenger, arrived at the
Foreign Office, is Liovsning-sireet. bringing dose
patches from the Marquis of LONDONDERRY, at
Vienna. Mr. WALTER/ kit Vicuna ois Tuesday,
the Ist inst.

Yesterday a Court of Directors was held at the
East India House. when Captain
SIMI was sworn into the common(' of the ship
Royal George, consigned to Bengal and Chula.
It is currently reported that Lord Me.t.vit.i.i has
beeu actually appointed Goveritur-General of In-
dia. while, on the other hood, it is also alleged that
Lady MgLVILLR expresses much reluctance to
proceed to the East, and that the Court of Di-
rectors wait hose Ladyship's final decision before
they publicly announce their choice. It is, how-
ever, understood, that Lord MULVILLE's appoint-
ment would be very acceptable to the prevailing
interest in India @Braes.
The Paris Papers state, that agents from Messrs.
ROTH3CHILD, ReaD, Immo, and Comp.iiiy, rod
JAMES CAIIIPIELL and Company, had reached
Madrid from London. to treat for the purchooe of
the new remits granted by the Cortes to the Govern.
meat, to the amount of IB millions of realm.
Couriers had also arrived with similar instructions
from Parisian houses.

Letters dated the 15th or August hare been re-
.ed born Port-sn-Prince. The Deputies to the

;islative Assembly fur the Spanish part of the
ud lately sodded to the dominions of Prebident
BOYER. had all been elected. It is stated as a
cunous fact. that these Deputies, though to) recently
the subjects of a Government sufficiently despotic.
entertained principles so liberal, or rather so demo-
crattesl, that they meditated the introduction of
some law for modifying the power of the PRESI.
DENT. General ROMAIN It, who hod been detained
as a state prisoner et Lrogaoe on parole, it Is said,
. been shut by secret orders front the Government.
It was supposed he had been detected tit carrying
ou secret correspondence with the north, with a
View to revolutionize that quurter.

SIGNALS TON Tag MSRCRANTS' SINVICS.-
Exlrset of a letter from the Altesata to Lloyd's at
*he Maturities, dated the 4th of June. :
" slit—We have to acknowledge the receipt of Captain
Simples code of pigtails, tssesmitted by yew to Ott, add'. as.
For the information of •asters trading to these seas, we beg
you will make it generally kauwe, that le eunsequeure of
the great utility at times of them signal', we bays, erected,
in a part of the torn conspicuous ill ship• approaching the
Roads. a feast, fur the porpoise of comnsulticating with Cap.
lies •('hops arriving off the island, or posies it in the
sis) time. As, by a regulation of the Goversimrnt bete, shops
are re all iu•lenecs now subject to a quarantine of more or
Ins duratine, the COMMtlillelliioo by atinal of the ship's
new, tenth of paessge, and port of depaotere, may ire-
quesaly be of e.e in a more speedy retest, from quarantine.
(Signed) " SAUNDERS AND INIEKE,
Agents to Lloyd's.
4' To Mr. Joke Bennett, jam."

Advices frosts the Cape of Good Hope to the 6th
July have been received. The "Oedemas brig had
arrived there with a number of young tneu on board,
who had been selected and educated for the express
purpose of teaching the English language to the
wined' that colony at the public expense. They
were to be settled, without loss of time, in the most
winessient sitaatioes for the object intended. A
proclamation had in consequence been issued by
Lord CHARLES SOMERSET, announcing tlw arrival
of these teachers, and giving notice that the English
language will he adopted exclusively for official arid
judicial proceedings, &c. in the following manner :
• —For all documents prepared and issued from the
office of the Chief Secretary, from the list of Ja-
truary.lBU; for all official acts and documents of
the several public offices of the Government (the
documents and records of the Courts of Justice ex-
cepted) from the lit of January, 1845 ; and that
the English language shall be extusiseiv used su all
pisheid secs. and proceedings, both in the Supreme
d Limo, Cosuts of the Colony, from the ist of
January, 1817.
On Monday reinsight, at the Doke of GRAF-
TON'S audit, his Grace voluntarily deducted 30 per
rent. from the rents of his estates is this neighbour-
.llo.l.-1 Bury Paper.)
Tee FUN us.—The market yesterday was very
steady, end malting particular doing. Consols for
Account, 841( ; ditto for Money, 1341 t ; New 4
per Cents. 104 1(14; Old Fours, Iota;
-8°11(le, 53 ; Long Annuities, for Opening,
21 3-16 Exchequer Bills, 64; ditto Smell,
b 8; Bank Stock for Attestant, 4541. Foreign
Stocks improving : New Spanish, 71! 711
Nespolitan, 841; liussiau, -9111; ; Prussian, 89 ;
trf 88.
Oa Saturday lest THOMAS NERTHISIORE, Esq.
of Cleeve-house, in Devonehire, went before
S. F. MILFORD. East. and entered into a recogni-
mice of 5001. for the future gawd behaviour of Ur'
HuNt, after his liberation, ens the 30th leotard,
from !lamer gaol, where ha will have been cone
tied two years sod a half. Sir CHAS. WOLSSLEV.
"ts, Fill he bound for Mr. HNIIT in a Aunts,
"U.

ke AjP
'W
ID.c.itif
•
940 7,0,•f
J Ar". Ote
