to make the of any excisable liquors, and recom-
mended the people to follow his example. He
said that the Magistrates and yeomanry at Milli-
17!ne:Iter hail done more to promote the cause of Re-
fcrin among the people by their late conduct, than
the people could have door for it fiy themselves in
a course of years. Ile concluded by asking the
people whether they would grant him one request?
--ghthreeral tries of " Pre will.")--" Then it
is,' said. Mr. Mint. " that you will depart in
'pester; resjiective homes, and tint give your
etiedies,the ciiputtunity which they would an gladly
twist of charging you with atillyiug the great
triumph or this day. Depart iu peace, and God
bless your
Loudcheers followed this address, and Mr. hunt
:then entered the Croton and Anchor Tavern.
While he was changing his dress in a private roma.
Dr. Watson entered the great room, where about
400 pending were seated in readiness for dinner, and
stated to them, that the invitation' to Sir Charles
tVeliseley (who was expected to have presided on
this ocesisioa) had nufortnnately not reached. him
time etiongli to admit of his beiog present ; re.
niaiied for them, therefore, to appoint a chair-
man to preside at the dinner. ile should pro-
pose an old friend to the cause—one who had
been for twenty years fighting the battles of the
people; he meant Mr. Gale Jones, an fficient Re-
former—bipidautej—antl the proptiou of Dr.
Watson was unitnittionsly sccelleil to.
• But Dr.'sVatsan had hardly retired. when he made
his appearance again at the Meeting. and said that
on farther inquiry be onden.tood it was, the lineal
course. when a Gentleman who had been invited by
triter to take the Cbuir at a Meeting of this kind did
not attend, the choice of Chairman should be made
from some of the other Gentlemen invited to honour
the Meeting with their presence. Under those cir-
cumstances, he hoped the Meeting would allow
him to substitute the name of their Champion,
Henry Hunt, Erg. in the room of Mr. Gale Jones.
The amendment was adopted by acclamation,
and at twenty minutes past eight o'clock, Mr.
limit entered the room, amid triumphant plaudits.
tie was accompanied by Mr. Waddington, of
Kent, Mr. Moorhouse, of Menclirster. Mr. Cat-
hie, Mr. Graham, Mr. Gale Jones, Dr. Wutsota,
Meows. Preston, 'f histlewood. and referral Mem-
bers of the Committee who managed the procession.
The company immediately sat down to an ex-
•cellent and substantial dinner, which was served up
in the best manner.
As soon as the cloth was removed,
The COSS t ttSt A?I (Mr. Hunt) rose to address the
Meeting, and hoped he might he permitted to do
'so. by commencing to address them by the endear-
ing ties of Friend* mid Fellow.C_ountryasen."--.
ettpplorwe. intermixed with cries of silenee.l—
solid Mr. Hunt, the best woy to tire-
serve silence, or prevent interruption, is to keep
%lieut., yourselves, and not call out. as is SO ate!,
the practice, for silence. He then stated that it be-
'came his duty as Chairman to account for the ob-
serve of Sir Charles' Wolveley, who wesinvited to till
that situation. lie had been invited, us they were
informed, but the invitation had not readied hint in
vane for him to have accepted it. He left the
worthy Baronet the night before last, and he knew
1;a- worthy Baronet and their, two Patriotic soli-
r•mors (Meosra. Harmer sod Pearson) would have
attended here to-day ; indeed the two last Gentle-
men bad made up their minds wino it, but they
had changed their intention on hailing from wime
Of the public Papers that the friends of Reform
were. on this occasion, divided among each other,
am.d more likely to come to continuo than to a
plicvMple of union, as they ought, among them-
selves. As they had done him the honour of put-
tog him into their chair. all lie should now say V;:ti
thi*, that he was determined to obtain for every'
gentlemen who wished to addrea. them an impartial
hearing, whatever may be his political sentiments.
The moment lie found he could not secure this
Impartial hearing. lie should that instant quit the
room.—(Load applorise.)—lt would be his duty,
in the course of the night, to detail to them parti-
culors reapecting the Manchester massacre; when
he had dune that, if Lord Caetlereagli nod Lord
tritriaroutb entered and wished to be heard, he should
obtain them that hearing,or else relinquish his chair.
He ittsieted upon this impartiality the more. for to
this room he had peen a different practice prevail On
other occasions, when the sentiments of some bid'.
vidualo were not thought palatable by others.—
He should, however, secure a fair hearing tor till
to-night—that wise the least he thought himself en-
titled to ask from the friends of liberty—they, at
least, ought to allow freedom of speech to all pir-
ties,—(Applanse)—lle also begged to observe with
respect to the call for music he had heard a.. tiber.
dirt the musicians now in the gallery were m
those
they Lod had in the procession throughout the day—
they must consequently be now nitwit fatigued, and
entailed to some consideration.—(licar, Actir.)--
lle had also another reason, that as the hour was
lute, and as the business might be long, it would be
as well to hear the speeches. mid not interrupt them,.
as ihe had kuiuwn to have been the case in this ;dace
by she intervention of music. Fle then expressed
his hope that the time had now arrived when the
trieuds of the people were prepared to bury in
oblivion their biekerings :11141 petty animosities. Ile
would do so, end lie trim ert pii heard hin,
a ould do the whir.--(4pli/i,;lVr. Let the ufrry
brine'', not the apple or di,“•••rd, be thrown ammog
theist. it was time tor paltry ditieieliees to settle stud
sithside. He could never suricientiv thank them fit
the honour they hail paid him iiii• ia-
deed be a foul, an idiot. all hypocrite, if lie hinted
find be wits Insensible to the honours they had mei la-
mshlyheaped upon him. had placed him on
the pinnacle of popular favour, and it would he
twice and inibecomitig un ins part. if he sheaed
ami insethibility to so high a station. Ile again re-
peatedins reinimeer to bet the example of burying
to Oblivion all past &Herein-es, mid particular re-
Haltom' which might have given umbrage to
well-meaning men; he called upon all fitends
of liberty to rally with the people. The people
were now ititellignit, and well knew their rights,
and it would be in vim' for any man, or party of
men. to attempt to delude them any longer by
promises or capitol. Let all who wished well to
the auditory ocite hand in hand iu the cause of
liberty, and promote their common object without
doing violence to the good ferhoge of any man, or
boat% a single friend who was is toe to Opines.
sion..--.(App/ouse.)—Even if theme were police

Magistrates within hearing, lie liagioll the ilorie4e I litorkiple beeit irate& use eoeanriworild not have
wor4-d give thew to opportunity of stidreseing them 1 attacked them.—(Crier of
stary
oor ilra
ug mal
nufecturers
" . so:"-0se half
if they thought proper. , indeed he hid rather is the Hombre of those p
presentiment that Mr. Birnie (one of the itlitois- , would its eneS it case have routed Rouble the 'mu-
tilates at Bow-street) was torment. that he waslts
- bee of their cruel. but cowardly arimilants. If the
until'," to what was then Rigsing.—(App— people meant, as their enemies insinuated, to lip-
ltv;ro whospered iii the room that Mr. Birolie ere. peel to force. they lied surely now got.ainple justi-
-7I nt.lbe gellery.l—lle was- extremely. glad to hest fleeting'. But the Reformers meant to proceed by
that Mr, throne was there, for if any thing wrong remora' and not by violence, end they would con-
occurred, no doubt they would have the essistance time to pursue the same career until they had sue-
of that person, who was, he Icritoe,a sensible min I creched its mita' • g the rights of which they were
soil a gentleman, to set it right--/Hcarj—ref so unjustly deprived. Mr. Hunt had gained
coarse to set it right by fair argument, reason, und a great conquest—not indeed one over the
truth—by wiedoin, and not by violence; if he re- present Administration, for any body might
sorted to the latter, he (Mr. Hunt) would fearlessly hove a triumph there, but over himself, over
say, lie was not fit to act as is Nlitgistrate—no, nor f his own feelings, and he richly deterveit the
to be a man, nor a Briton.—(Shorits of applause.) triumph be now enjoyed.--(Load applatese.)—•
—lle would assure Mr. Winne a patient hearing I After some further remarks in terms of severe in-
if he came down and espresiwd any desire to set dignation at the conduct of the Manchester yro-
them right in their opinions and sentiments. If inamy and Magistrates, and some just compliments
they were in error, lie knew, as he before ed.', Mr. I to the coolness and firmness displayed by Mr.
.Birnie was a seossible matt, and well able to set I hunt, he concluded by promising—
them rights—(App/arese.J—The Reformers wantetl
pi:lteTotheftseirostdieofofHeary Htehenr
'aciEsvg. • ItheeoftelaTe refaonrdm,cot hi%
to effect nothing by violence—they laid do. cer-
tain principles winch thee lwlieved fo be the best ; friend °act"; freedom,
milYiistile'eriaf."l:l=xicshtear!".nodf
mtheiliiParUryPoter.•
they sought information, and were open to convic- pres.inae.
Lion by the fair weapons of reuson and argument ; This toast was then drunk with three times
but without fair reason and argument the roil sif three, and amidst the loudest acclamations.
power would make no impression tarpon theta—there Mr. HUNT rose to return thanks. He said, that
was no forces not even that display of saugoinery in all the scenes of his political life he always
vengeance which was inflicted on the unarmed and acted according to Isis conscience; he never turned
defenceless people of Manchester, that could snake to the right or to the left; be never sought after
any impression on the people of the country.— party, atoll he never feared prejudice—/Applause.)
(Great applimase.)—By fair reason could tiny good Ile always acted from the best intentions ;he might
point be gained. Any man might deliver his have been '-faintetimes in error, his head might
opinion at that Meeting—they had all paid for their have been Minietimes wrong, but he never
tickets, and were equally entitled to be heard.— acted wrong from his heart.--(App/ause.)--Of
1 (Applause.)—" Now, Gentlemen," said Mr. Ilmilii his political life, Gentlemen present knew little but
in conclusion, " charge your glasses, with water if front the scenes of which they were the eye-witnesses.
you please. as I do, for a bower. Front his earliest life he had been attacked by
w The only source of all legitimate Power—the People." the whole press of England, as his friend Mr.
This toast was drunk with three tunes three. The. Cobhett hail said, that there was tint a single
band struck up, " See the Compering hero printing press, eav, not a single type in Etigland,
comes." that had not been employed in abusing Muni—aril
The next toast ergs-. for what ? because he used a coustapt endeavour
" Universal Soffraze, Arousal Parliaments, and Election' to
benefit the whole of the people without any coo-
lly Ballot, the undoubted right of every Britou."—Drunk
soilerati 111 l Hs to himself. Ile persevered through
with ilsreetiatestkree, Air—" Ca ira."
h good report and through bed report, and there,
" T e next
To the Imtoast wall—•••
mortal Memory of the Reformers of Lan- thank God ! lie stood to reap the benefit of his o'er-
essiiire, Men, Winne'', and (:hildren, who were massacred lions, the only benefit he looked for, the approba-
at Manehe‘ter." tint+, the applause, and the confidence of his country
'flits toast was drunk standing, and in solemn —of 1110 country where, though a man may he vili-
silence. tied, though he might he misrepresented, though
Air—" Scots wha bar wi Wallace bled." even he might he houud down to the earth, yet
The next toast was— ultinietely, as their history proved, the people of
" May arms he taken from those who abase them, and
I never
giecis so those who here the courage la liar teem."—Great F.'"ts'lm d" deserted a public man that did not
applause. and drunk with three times three. tirst desert them. Nothing but this conviction en.
Air—" The Marseillois ll)tnu." graven on his heart could have enabled him to
Mr. GALE Jones rose amid great applause, to bear up against persecution. against the amanita
propose to the Meeting the health of his respects- nod the caluonnies of those from whom he should
hie Friend, their worthy and excellent Chair man. have expected support. It was said by his ca-
With reference, he said, to the general state of die lumniators that he was a Government Spy—.ol
country, it was one of its newest features Mint every longh).-111t1 he not look very like a Govern-
lieur Lidded to their stock of information same new meld Spy ?—(Lorsghter)—When a phut was formed
plan of domestic policy which their rulers caught at to bring in Mt-. Brougham with Sir Francis Bar-
for the internal government of the country. Even deft for M'estminster, he exposed that plan, and
i his day, which ought to hove been held so %tiered, as it his enemies bud sent their mean agents about to
restored to theist their champion, whose life lied beets represent him as the spy of Government; but he
i assailed by force of arms, mid who had only by a gni- pursued hie steady course ;he despised his calurat-
rade escaped from hi 4 unmanly assailants—even this sanitary ; lie contended, that every Englishman
could not have been suffered to rettraiii sacred to ought to lie free. IVhat he meant by freedom,
his his
the people, and it seemed it was ordained that this distinction between liberty and slavery, was t, a
social mud joyous Meeting could not be OM without free people ought to have a voice in the councils of
the presence of " Polite Magistrate in their gel- the nation ; the laws that bind them should be
; Ivry, %end a spy at their elbow. Their excellent made by their representatives. and with their con-
, chnirman hail ex preg,ed his pleasure at Mr. Divine's sent—(Great applause)—but slaves are bound by
presence. Now he (Mr, Gale Jones) was sorry he laws that are made, tot by their representatives and
could not participate its thus pleasure; he could not not with their consent.—(Applause.)—lle never
share in any grateful emotion sit the Morns among yet heard wily rational man contend that any por-
them of a Magistrate 01)1116" Cnostultle. On such . lion of Englishmen ought to he slaves. Fie ever
matters he thatight their intrusion no insult. Time, ennteuded. and ever would contend, that every
which changed all things. could oast change the Englishman ought to he fire.--(dpplause.)—lle
nature of the outrage that bail beano committed was requested to take the chair at the late Man-
through magisterial aostlsoroty at Alancilester.—(Ap- cheater meeting by a numerous body of the people ;
p/uuse.)—lle trn stated that that scene would never and here he would take the opportunity of rebutting
be effaced loom their recollection—they never could, a calamity. Flu' was called an itinerant orator—he
he was sure. cease to hear it in mind.—(,e/pp/onse.) was designated by the base Government press so a
—The Cotirtitution had on the Ifith of August, at person who went about the country to inflame it.
Manchester. been. on the person of their Chair- Now, he had only to sey,that he never attended any
man, most wantoply wittititled, but that distinguish- public meeting where he was not as well entitled to
ell 11191) had aliewn all his native energies on that art as an elector of Middlesex is at a meeting of his
trying occasion. Ile had, though beset ton all coutity..lie acted at public meetings at Bristol, at
sides, manitained the great principle for which the tiontereetshire, at Wiltshire, at liainpshiie, and at
people were contending, notwithstanding the for" Loudon, But lie was a freeholder of Bristol, of So-
midable power of the triple monster. Ile meant the mersetshire, and of Wiltshire ;be was a resident of
eff,irts of the ministerial, the magisterial, and the Hampshire. nod a liveryman of Loudon—(Loud
military engines.--(Great applause.)_-Notwith. applause)—therefore he had a right to act in those
Standing the fatal catastrophe which had taken place phooey. When ha atteuded the meetings at West-
in Manchester, its its consequences it would lie found ininster, he paid taxes there. and was entitled to
most auspicious. Let them see its result in the guild attend those meetings. He attended meetings at
spectacle of to.d .y, which might be truly culled a Spefields, it was true—but lie had no band in call-
triumph. It was not, indeed, the momentary tai- itsg those meetings, be was invited to attend
uniph of one ~arty over another—the term:nation them, and in accepting those invitations, lie only
of any particullor election or party contest, in which did his duty.—(Applasse.)—ltt the statement he
one mats ntight he re; timed over the head of another would confine himself to particular facts. It was
—it was noise of these, it iris the spectacle of a out necessary for him to enlarge on matters which
whole people bearing on their shoulders a man those who have read Time GI.oDE, The Star. The
who had nobly ',sealed their rights. %t ho in the Statesman, and Time Times, must be acquainted
metropolis "hail not heard the atoms of that vest wills; bat there were some facts which were not
multitude. winch reverberated along the hollow of before the public. to which he would advert. Gen-
tile herizoil ?—,Applause)—Such had been the re- tlemen would recollect that a Meeting was origi-
stilt of magisterial and mibtary violence upon the Wally intended to he held at Manchester, which
minds of the iwople, and such bad betin the the Magistrates declared to be illegal. The people
effect of the system pursued by his Majesty's did not meet, but they called another Meeting,
Ministers. Let them take another view of the confined to purposes the legality and propriety
rwtter, and see what might have been the conse- of which could not be denied. The Maws-
nonence, had not a man of Mr. Hunt's admirable trate, did not previously censure this Meeting—
temper presided at the !Manchester Meeting. His no placard was put forth by the Magistrates—no
equanimity and presence of mind was truly won- caution was given to the people not to attend
derful on that occasion, for it appears the yeomanry this Meeting—and the people attended it under
had shaken their swords at the multitude before the full conviction that the Meeting was legal,
they rude in upon them. That indication of hos- and that they were safe. A report, on the Friday
tility was, in the eyes of lime law, an assault, and evening before the Meeting. having been eireu-
eould have justified the people at the outset, in hated, that a warrant had been issued against
repelling the meilaced aggression by force. But him, he went to Manchester, had an interview
the forbearance and equot 1111 l oty of Mr. Hunt could with the Magistrates, who informed him that
loather save himself nor the Alerting, and it was he was misinformed, that no warrant had been
wonderful to see such a man, who might have issued against him. nor was there any Wen-
shot the officer who assailed him, submit, as he had lion to issue any such warrant. Now how was this
done, to the power they had dared to exercise over trausettion announced in one of the newspapers?
him.—(Applause.l--It'hen he first read at a It commenced thus—" Another bounce of Hunt"
coffee-house the sneering paragraph in The Courier, —that is, when he went for information, in order to
which asked, where as, the boasted courage of the l take even the pretence of exciting disturbance
Reformers, when they fled in every direction ? at the I from the Magistrates at the Meeting, when he did
instant be was tempted to exclaim -with indigna- , what was his duly fairly. openly, end, he trusted,
lion,'' %Vita% ! are the people to be rode over. and i prudently, this was described as being "another
then rallied for their attempts to escape from the bounce of Hunt." The Meeting took place on
fill, 010'1.4 merciless esseilarite?" The one party the appointed day—there were at least 150,090 per-
was tudeed argued, and the other defeucelers ; had sons present, of whom 20,000 were women mid

hint 'he had but three minutes to allow him,
and he must be off to Lancaster, a nistance of
54 Miler. flail had been all day in attend-
ance, hut became it was not at a moment's wlsii.
ing on the spot, they were sent off haitolcootted a
journey of 54 miles.—(Crier of' " Skill!, r';
The fact welt, that through the didereut 'mans they
• to pass, military arraligementa had hero midi:.
and the Magistrates did not wish to rhsapinoint
those military heroes. He was pursued by
hii
friends, and fortiori in a dungeon six fret by ,iiib,.
He had first thrown himself on all iron lord, whop
he was released ; lie was drawn back to Matochnin,
and in every town he and his friends acre met by
the gratulotiona of thonsaustla and meetly thotioand.
of his countrymen. They attended at the Asozro—
Mr. MoorlinuAe was charged with high treason. ma
the oath of ()wet', of Platt, and Darlqsi:ire; h.,
preferred hills of indictment against o.seii, a„,;
nine witnesses supported the charge; the hill.
were found—he preferred two other hills apaiitt
Platt and Darby.litre. precisely on the amae
evidence; those hills were thr.M ii 011t....1,11 tAi% 3
the Solicitor of the Treasury solo up bills of in.
dictment against hint (Mr. Moo), ageing Mow.
house, and othert—the evide.tice iii Darbiahire a.,,1
Platt was to he used agaiiao ihern, and their! ..
the consistent and conscientious Grand Jury refs,
to find the bills for perjnry, bointl,•,l as they iirs:,
on the same evidefice as 'hit .igait;t4 Owen. Sea..
rat bills were presented fur niaannig and wounding
—one by a beautiful poling woman, at,,,ut 23 Yeats
of age. She was at the '!.l,eting of she 1611%--she
was pressed on by the citv,ilry —she held her
infant child in her hands, and in a tone and pn..
tore of supplication she cried out far mercer,
but she cried to those who had neither matilioen
nor merry about them. At that motneut she it.
ceived a severe cut of a sabre in the head ; her
child fell from her hands, :and fay weltering in if.
mother's blood—( Loud shri,ks of borror.)-148.61.
situation one of the ruffian cavalry rode up to he,
and inflicted another lute !—( Cries of shone am:
horror)—Though she exhibited her wounds to the
Grand Jury, and chewed one wound full fire inches
deep, the reply they made was, that she must err-
bandy hive gone there for the purpose of btimt cat
down—(Cries of Shomr).-- Another tadicteurut oreo
presented by a boy of the name of Leca—he received
four cuts. some of which were seven inches Ion—
the boy was in the room, they might ice Ilion— •
iHere this youth was introduced to the eninra,:v ; •
lie is about fourteen years of age, and a fine-100kt0.4
boy') but the Grand Jury threw out the hil,t, .o he
case. He (NIG Hunt) and his friends tlecf.op I
sending up ally farther bills of inchconent to ike
Jury. In the mean time, trite bills were r .0,,,,,
against him and his associstes ; lie refoved hail nal
all his friend, wet e etilarged--( Applausc,i—
feeling as he dd that they were erpt•Wy guilty w
innocent with him. This declaratiou went tbreog:i
the country like wild fire, and there were no Its'
than fifty persons offered themselves to go bail ; at
Preston a person even offered a premium of 64. to
be allowed to go trill—/Apploate).—lint here the
most capricious and unjust conduct was pursued at
the part of the Magistrates, they refused to take bit
offered by the parties, and in some CNVeP looked tie
prisoners for persons ae bail whom the priroaters old
not know—bat strangers, ;is many of them were
to the eternal honour of Englishmen be it fait:
that in no single case was nn application for hat
refused.—After bail was procured, they were olds's,'
in, triumph by the people. As for the trehe a
this day, it was impossible to describe it—nerer
was such a scene exhibited as from the :mart A.
Highgate Hill to the door of the Crowe and An-
chor ; iodeed, lie might say, to the etitl of the
Strand, the roads were crowded. and the ;at run,
with the acclamations of the people, testifyiug at
once their approbation of his conduct and tlfror
abhorrence of the infamous conduct of the Ma-
gistrates. A miracle raved his life ; he e•r4pt.l
from an infamous and bloody conspiracy ; lit
owed his safety to the fears of Ins enemies—no
his own firontien—and, above all, to the it seeliss•
tiona of ton all-merciful God ! —For the croutons i
of the poor man he would willingly lay down his
life ; but he never hinted that the poor hail a
right to the possession' of the rich—loot he thought
the poor man entitled to the wages of labour, and
lie would continue, as he had done, at them::
of
his life.--(applaase.)—Before lie sat dawti V
would mention one case. A poor man IA bit
shoulders dislocated, and oilAdl cut on his forehead:
lie was taken to the lutirooary, the lourgcou'o 10et4,1
to gibe him, and bet-motor he sell he Itit
more than ever the esecersity of Reform, le
, . 'aiviniasicd
attaukrenldg letter boot: en
tt
lo:
the
egt he::
e Infirmary
ovrf °wounded
.171 w udsl:fet riarir!we al:
roily, which the writer said would disgrace the tine
of Charles the First, he concluded amid loud Doi
long scrlarnations. .
Mr. 110 NT then rose. and proposed the I,llerdn!:

, •
infant
than t ehilid re
ten n
minutesil
. e
when the To
12d notlteeatetllienen'h, i ustin gs
inure a
fioirirhing manlier. entered the field. They drew op
foe a moment In fall into order. He that at Bo is-
tol had held Meetings surrounded by the military,
where the strongest Resolutions were passed in their
hearing, did not Nuapect the object of the yeomen.
A slight alarm wad apreall at the outitkitts of the
assemblage ; but he cheered the people—he de-
sired them to stroll, sod they did so. Meantime
• the cavalry drew thew swords—even the draw-
ing of their swords set their horses in disorder.—
( Load lawghter.)---The cheers of the people
had out been finished, when those .....
gallopiwil in amongst the unarmed
multitude, cutting and riding over all that were
before tlwm; it might be truly said. that they spar-
ed neither sex nor age—they felt not for the beauty
of woman, or the veneration of age, or the helpless-
ness of childhood, but cut all before their', without
distinction and without mercy. He himself saw
some of these
Numbers were killed and wounded—no resistance
was made—the people assembled unarmed, as they
had always done before. Naturally anxious to
preserve the public peace, 1w had cotatantly en-
treated of the people to assemble unarmed ; perhaps
he meted wrung, hut he never would do to again.—
Until these
never would desire the people to go unarmed in
order to be clot to death by mitt
yeomanrv. At this dreadful attack 500
at least were bailie wotintled.—(Loved cries of
4, Horrid ! horrid !--Shame ! shame P')—The
people, in their dewair and wretchedness, might
suppose that he had brought them there to be cut
to pieces; but they dill not think so--thry were too
generous end too good to think so, and lie was reeeiv-
eil from his dungeon with an enthusiastic welcome.
When a commaoding officer came up to him in a bin s-
tering manner at the hustings, lie called a peace all..
cer and surrendered. lle did so to try a great politi-
cal question.—(applause.)-1 le knew he had a right
to shoot the man who disturbed hint in the exertase
of his rights; but he knew also that lie stood on
those hustings as a public agent, and had they cnt
him in pieces, lie would not raise his finger against
them. The cow:oiliness of having meted rightly—
a good constitution—a fearless heart—and, above
all, the certain confidence in the protection of a
supreme power, who looked down upon the
calamities of his country. enabled him to bear
up on that dreadful day.—(Grcat opplouse.)--
uit was, lie received several cuts, some two inches
Bingt-othe sabres of the
fiord against him; but Nadu), monster as he is
considered, was more humane than the cavalry.
He (Mr. Hunt) stood with Nadin—Nadin would
have willingly escaped, but lie (Haut) kept hurt
in custody—(e' taugh)—suit one fellow, of the
name of Whittenion, followed him vith his
pistols cocked, anxious to lodge their eoetents
in his (Mr. Hunt's) bressr.—(Cries r:f " telt ! the
vile assassin, will le not be brought to justire ?")
But he contrived to keep Nadin between lion and
the assassin, as they properly called hies ; when
they were taking hint from tip. hosting', hr t.aw ore
poor bop on his knees begging mercy, and he saw—
oh ! he never could forget it, oie of the yeomen
whip the nose off the poor supplicant with a cot of
his timbre! !—(Shrieks of horror. mid vehement in-
dignation all over the room.)—He law the dead
body of another lying on the held, and he beheld
the cavalry abusing the terrains of their victim by
riding over them—but their horses, tnorts humane
thou their masters, reluctantly trampled over the
bodies of the murdered dead.—(Lood applause. )
Ile was at length brought to the door of the house
where the Magistrates were assembled, and how
was he treated ? He received at least 60 blows
of the truncheons of the constables. Every man
struck at him. A Government ofiicer. • scoun-
drel, and a coward, with to thick Mick, aimed
a violent blow at him with both his hands, intend-
ing, Ito doubt. to dash out his brtnus; his hat,
however, protected him, when one of the humane
friends of this base Aker took oft' his hat, and
left his head, bare as it ats, exposed to fresh
blows, which, however. he sometimes averted by
turning his head aside. He was next conducted
along a dark passage through a number of con-
stables, every one of whoin bad tither a pencil or
a blow at him—he merely cried out to thew, "Ye
cowards. don't murder me!" upon which The Cou-
rier exclaimed—" See, Hunt, oh ! what a cowardly
fellow, he cried out murder !"--/ A bregh.)—fie
and his fellow prisoners were marched pottier an
escort of dragoons to the New Batley, and there
they were incarcerated in solitary ditogeone, under
a charge of high treason. for • space of nine days
denied any intercourse with their friends, even his
attorney they would not allow to see I • ; his
friends Mr. West and Mr. Pearson, the latter his
agent, after travelling front Londitu, would not
be permitted to see him—he even asked for
permission to see a Manchester attorney in the
presence of the gaoler; but even this request
wag refused. After five minutes' notice, lie
was brought up for examination, after blood-
hounds were sent up to London to pick no a
little bit of treason, if they could at all make
it out.--(Loud laughter.)--But In I and be-
hold ! after consultations with the Attorney.Gr-
tieral and the Gaoler-General, no charge of high
treason was brought forward. but the charge wit
altered to a conspiracy to alter the laws by force
and threats. Amongst the prisoners was one poor
woman, who, though in a distressed and fainting
state, was incarcerated in a lonely dungeon for I
days. Her case was a shocking one. The Magis-
trates' clerk drew up it deposition for a police 1111111
to swear against her; but the constable would not
swear up to the mark.—(a laugh.)—lle said lie saw
her in a fainting state, sod he felt it his duty to
take her to a place of safety ; but same of the con-
stables rescued her from him. and brat, kicked,
and abused ber, though in a weakly state, amid
seven mouths gone with child ! ! The Solicitor of
the Treasury, after this wretched female wits treated
in this manner, found that he had no charge against
her, and therefore would generously &swiss her.
But the woolen has sense; she has received grievous
injuries, and she will hare redress.—(applause.)—
fie (Mr. Hunt) hail his friends in Court at the
examination ; lie had Sir Charles Woliseley—a
friend in need is a friend indeed—(applause)—
and after being under examination for four hours
he retired to change his linen, amid to take
a cup of tea, when the humane gaoler told

toad :
re M►. Moorhnnse and the nine oilier patriotic (%ensl e'^
wbo were incarcerated in solitary chingeons on ctro
high .::,
treaseo, in order to serest', the Winchester )Is2.strite
from the conseqiieaces of their Illegal and atm-ions
Mr. Nloonnovsg returned thank•.
The CuAtittilmt then gave—
', Sir Climate, tVolseley, end the rest of use Patriots alts
nobly came Corneal' to bail Mr. fluid and his Cello* jai.,

ferers."
A Mr. FORRSTELL then rose, and gave tie
health of Mr. liale Jones.
Mr. JONES returned thanks in an animated oil
eloquent speech.
Mr. II'ADn►NGIoW and other Gentlemen so.
dressed the eAtrany.
Many !minion! ttirios were given, and the cps
',any separated highly gratified with the ronit

the day.

FOREIGN INTE LLIGINC E.

