bin•fields, Middlesex, ironmonger, at twelve, at Guild-
hall, Condom.
November 2. W. Sykes, of Milk•street, London, si
facturer' at twelve, at Guildhall.
November A. T. Jenkins, of Judd-street, Brunswick-square,
Middlesex, Now or late Master of the ship City of London,
merchant, at twelve, at Guildhall, London.
October 30. T. Lloyd and J. Winter, of Blue Ball-yard, St.
James's-street, Westminster, Middlesex, winouserchauts,
at twelve, at Guildhall, Loudon.
November 16. It. Outrider, of Newport, tale of Wight,
kon.fonnder, at two, at the Sas Inn, Newport.
November 10. W. Lowe, of Fields, Boron, Lancaster, ma.
chine-maker, al eleven, at the White Bear Inv, Piccadilly,

Manchester.
October 30. W. H. Gall, of Getter-looe, London, silk-masa-
factures., at twelve, at Guildhall. .
CERTIFICATES.—Novssmen Id.
W. Reid the elder, of Roseman-street, Clerkenwell, Mid-
dlesex, watchmaker.—W. J. W. Lindsey, of Bath, silk-
mercer.—L. Sias of Bookill-row, 31i.ldlesrx,
Lnige, aroserH of Kirittry•Lausdak, West.
Illertsed, iankeeper, late .f Prestos, Lancaster, and inure
late .f Blackburn, Lancaster, butcher—H. Bush, of Wirk
sod Abs.., Gloucester, dealer sad chaposao.—J. Birch slue
yoonger, of Manchester, cottoo-spionerrE. Keg=, of Li-
verpool, master-asariner.

We therefore cats well afford to make a present to
the Ingots, of the petticoat-making Taut of Spam,
and of our other worthy ally of Portugal or Br l•
211—Iptit we can plO/1111y awl cosifidently claim for
Catholics the palm of liherality.
No man can 111111! ...at. J' 3 reason for refrecing
our claims, the hostiliiy.of the people of I:ogland
—lt toss a favourite tiptoe with Ilse logotted smart of
the present Administration. They admitted that
rnuuelpatims would conciliate Ireland, hut then
they said that any miv.iii,ages to b- derived l'initt
put li concillicion would be mire than counterba-
lanced by the irrthition and prim:lova discontent
which they alleged and• euncrs•uiu In the Catholics
woulil create In England. Ohs, how egregiou►ly they
caluinmated the intelligent, rational, and honest
priiple of England ! %%list a 'Powerful refutation
have the English people ;given to tuts calumny ! lu
the voice of assembled myriads they have proclaim-
ref the utter falsehood of the have imputation.—
Streit centuries of oppression are already forgiven—
:and the English 'talkie, wit ell we Schlott) ~,,, 01711 C.
ell with complareocy, begiiss to sound sweetly in the
ears of our children. May their rulers imitate the
good sense of the English people, still speak to the
heart of the Irish nation a language which she has
never yet heard from an Imperial Legislature ! But
whether this useful lesson shall be thrown away on
the English I'arli•ioirut or not—this much at least
is certain, that 110 appreliens. can be entertained
of irritating the people or England by conceding to
us our rights. It will gratify their generosity as
much as it will propitiate our affections, and ensure
our gratitude.
There remained one other pretext to colour the
resistance to our claims—it was Irish turbu'ence—
cud when no Acts of aggression could be adduced,
we were then accused of being turbulent in words.
And this was an argument to resist eniaucipabuis ! ! !
Oh, most sapient I .rgislators ! Oh, most profound and
enlightened Statesmen of England !!! A station
was to continue in slavery because some half dozen
of demagogues or agitator., as you were pleased to
call us, spoke with bitterness of their oppreastous,
awl blunted with ridicule their oppressors !!! But
even this poor and paltry pretence is gone by—not
a word, nut a breath. has escaped us for the last
three years which could be found fault with by the
most fastidious delicacy—and as to the conduct of
the Irish people, it has been and it is exemplary—
the most 'reflect calm reigns around,
" Nor leaf is stirred—nor wave is driven."

Nnt one sound Ituasirbe our " death-like silence
anil our drear repme"—all is tranquillity, quietness,
and peace—The enemies of every liberty, civil as
well as religious, say that the English people are
seeking a revolution. For my part I utterly disbe.
here the tion—hut l halve the right to beg of
our enemies to be cosistetent, and to admit that the
people of Ireland show not the least symptom ail
revolutionary tendency. No—all we desire—and
indeed, in contn►ou candour it ought now to be ac-
knowledged—..is to be admitted into the pale of the
constitution, and by pouring in fresh strength and
young blood, to invigorate and to perpetuate gr.
swine constitutional liberty—atul to severe that con-
stitution, ■nd the throne ins which it rest., as its
surest and hest basis, from all attacks whatsoever.

In order duly to appreciste the recent and present
tranquillity of Ireland, its coupes should be calmly
and dispassionately investigated. Ile knows nothing
of Ireland who imagines that nurs is the quiet of
content or of happiness—alas! the sun does not
sl►ioe on so wretched o country as Ireland. It is not
my present purpme to d►scuss the causes of such
misery, ■nd still less to excite any alter), passions
ogaio,4 the authors of our present afflictions. I
merely state u fsct, which he who ventures to deny
does not need refutation—he would deny the day-

light at ►won. I au► quite site in not attributing
or►r tranquillity to the obirime of wretchedness,
poverty. and misery. To what then is it to be at.
tributed ? I believe the answer is easy.
The Irish have been so long disciplined in the
school of misfortune. that they have acquired au
experience which may it► its time in►truct their
teachers. There is an instinctive sensibility about

them which almost by intuition leads them into the
path of gratitude and of prudence. In the present
instance they have demonstrated to the world, that
they pewits those qualities to a degree which their
enemies could not have believed, and their (Fiend*
did not perhaps expect. They have hitherto pur•
sued the strict fiat of gratitude awl of prudence,
and if we do but continue in the seine track, we
shall either obtain Einsticipation. or learn a new
lesson, and adopt, with equal kindness of feeling, a
wore decided, and, I think, a inure salutary course.
There are three distinct causes for the existence
of that gratitude iu the minds of the Irish Ca-
aloha.

The first is the manner in which onr claims were
received iss the last S.s.iwss by the Pair!muscat,
and especially by the Mouse of Commons. The
majority against us was merely ouutival, and wore
the appearance of accident. When any measure is
supported by such a minority is. voted for Eason.
tipotion, it ought nut to be difficult to foresee its
approaching success. Accordingly the postpone-
mem of our hopes was recessed by us with some
disapponitasent, hut without any trritation--aisd to
these who brought us so near success nor feeltesgoof
thankfulness were lively msd powerlsol. We are
still under the impression of theSe (Moog,.
The *aeons! bootee of oar 141411111dr is to be

But the third and best cause of our gratitude
remains to be told. It 14 to be found iii the tot.-
duct of the Protestants of Ireland—all that Ireland
can boast of in Protestant rank, fortune, Weed, sm.'
independence, came forward to .t on our hrhis;f.
the great principle of religious liberty. Attiotig•t
the glorious constellation of flit/Ilt% friend. I-, It-
beraltly, stands pre-eminent that of the late Loutl
Mayor of Dublin, Alderman M‘fienoy. Fir 'Le
first time in Irish history, a Lord Mayor or Dub-
lin presided at a meeting intended and calculated
to promote genuine loyalty and cordial coned:idiot..
I confess the recollection of the efforts made I,y
the highest Protestant worth iu Ireland, to pro-
cure our Emancipation, till my mind with the
mod powerful sensations of gratitude—hut there
is, after all, something more exquisitely s.nitli-
ing in the exertions of a more 'utside
mean the Protestant inhabitants of Outdo:, many of
them in the lowest situations in life, who, at their
Parish Meetings, either followed or helped to lead
the efforts of the superior ranks of society. It is t.•
those Parish Meetings—it is to this domestic exhi-
bition of Protestant kindness and genuine liberality
of sentiment, that I look with the fondest 'affection.
—Here were found my Protertant Comitryttiro iu
the gratification of their unadulterated hearts,
'hewing the true spirit of Christianity, by doing to
others what they would desire to have door to
themselves. I honestly believe that the extinction
of religious feuds throughout nine-tenths of tte
land, which we have witnessed fur tl.e la't tone or
ten months, has been principally owing to the cer-
tainty of reconciliation, which the Protestant Par.sti
Meetings held out. Ido not mean to detract from
the merits of the Duke of Leinster rod the Lord
Mayor, and the other Noblemen and Gentlemen
who evinced their patriotic liberality. 'Their con-
duct was above all praise, but the good feeling ex-
hibited itself still in a more useful channel amongst
those classes of life who know not how to di guise,
and who cannot mitigate their sentiments. It was
indeed the first blossom of Irish umministy, and it
has borne good fruit in the extinction tit ancient
auimosities, and in the production of a disposition
towards tranquillity, peace, and good-will.

The Irish people have hitherto acted from these
impulses—whilst England has been agitated to her
mire, Ireland has remained perfectly tranquil.
Let our conduct not be mistaken—let it nut be
imagined that we are insensible to the Messing@ of
universal liberty, or careless of the unjust wine of
Parliamentary representation—quite the reverse—
but we deemed it right in gratitude to our Pune.-
tent neighbours—iii duty to ourselves and our chat;.
dreo, to abstain from any conduct winch, wage t
endanger the advantages of our present sit uatiou.—
We have taken away all pretexts from our enemies.
_Let us continue the same line of conduct until our
fate is decided in this Sessions. Imy our fuse,
cause if we are now rejected—who can ever hope
again
Now, we have the Protestants of Ireland for us
—sow, we have the People of England fur us—
sow, we have the multitudinous esainplee of Ca-
tholic liberality for us—sow, we are in our con•
duct without reproach—in our trancimllity exem-
plary. In what way can our petition be rejected?
It can be rejected only by reason offatrre
duct—it can be rejected only by our own fault,
.or
our own fully. This is my firm and decided opt.
nion. Perhaps lam mistaken. But it surely is
worth while to try the experiment.
The Session of Parliament commences in one
short month. There is not one rnonieiit to he low.
Perhaps it would be wise immediately to address the
Prince Regent—that I submit to your cousiders.
_lion. At all events it is obviously eur policy to
press forward our question at the earliest iniseible
period in the Sessions. Let us then, my Counts.
men, meet—let us prepare our petitions—let thu.Se
petitions be numerous—let them be unaninion.,
and confined to the single object of emancipation,
we shall probably succeed, but if we do not, at least
we shall have deserved to succeed—and se shall
have the further advantage, that of ascertaining the
hopelessness of again petitioning for emancipation.
You will be told that you should desvise
rmasi-
cipatieu as a minor and unworthy romoderato,t,
and join the almost universal cry of Reform.
not be carried away by any such incitemen►—uo
man is inure decidedly a friend to Reform than I
am. In theory I admit the right to usaivrrsal suf-
frage. and I admit that curtaihiug the duration of
Parliament would be likely to add to its honesty
way, I am ready to go the fullest possible prectical
length to obtain Parliamentary ReforM. But we
have a previous duty to Perform—a favourable op-
portunity sow presents itself to add to the general
stock of liberty, by obtaining one ennarrcipatio•s—
and the man would in toy judgment be a false pa-
triot, who, fur the chance of au uncertain Reform,
would Bing away the present most propitious mo-
ment to realise u most important and almost certain
advantage.
