ADDRESSES TO II EU MAJESTY.

The following it her Majesty's crating* Answer
to the Address of the inhabitants of St. liotuli.!;-
Wilhotit, Aldicite :-
1 mint nefeisterilly the Inhatatnnts of St. Sotoll,ll.
II Err the loyalty soul affection which they
I,ase manifested its this Aibiers,.
. .

MI es the Ilserargby combined with my adversaries in
s.mitesieg my NSW in the prayers of the Church, they Gale
thnucht fbat that omission ovoid Inng reflect a stasis of dis-
t ,Ife lino* lbsrem lA,. thus male ile•msrlers instrumental
to tcrifiring thy churicsbleut se of the eetablishment to
suutiscs i.f mceetur iwierest, ter personal malevotroer.
Nothing cooll funnels a pious sir a reasonable 'octet. for
i'.e exclunteu of my somor from the it:attuned Liturgy : w 111.-
, her I was s sinner or a saint, it was not fit shit the came
Er the Qesero should be cvpel/eil from 11141 ',lsn't., %Lich
i•oght to be the eummonion of charity anti the bowl of
1,• Kr The act itself as. 11 alma! indication of me very
e (reline in Shove individuals: by whose snokvolcore
•, wan iostigitcela awl in obedience to whose will it was
romplisleett
Ni. rohlse even, ever excited a more general sentiment ~r
alignsima thaw the Bill of Pais,. and Penalties. The pro.
. of it has sounded the tocsin of alarm its every
.• Ile who is ett enemy to slavery cannot Ict • friend les
- Cill. Ile ss,l loves Isles-sty awe( 11, test such an usenet.
• •••wooriel mode of depriving the highest sulejert is the
s-i her sights and
.ugh my adversaries omitted no means and neglect-
. ' 1111111 a of crippling me, ns much as possible, in
, , )S1 illl.'glii) is so dens= 11111 i truth,
Lot Is nth, has already, inn great drzree, defeat-
•', • ste of toy encnors. It is said that liars
, _he t„ 1,3% ! sm-sworirs. The witnesses produces!
•Ist one hat; loss; revetments and short memories, awl me-
c-, • of all aI. 111111111.1 1111111”sAions a. seemed Iwo to suit
- •ea. of Illy ad•crsarucs; but, moo ithsianding the ac-
•- r.leury of Ihrir ms• 000000 trs, which could coo-
t et two a lost,h, II or ad etc into a 18.1olopleere, they are
t sa.•.l to have remlrrsd no iiirlhsrr a. ante Its my sib-inky.,
to mem.: !hat tinge is 1111 S/1111111F 111 1.11.1.11.11.1.1 nod es.
*sr:n.l,lll.-4110! therc ems sor 1111 cueommesey wish.
its,h and 111/ SCCUI ity graham up; igleinc.s.

folhui..g is n rnpc or Ow Al•lreit to her
from the Fulllnle 11014111,1111 t% or sT. Ltlkr's

To 'rm. QS'S' TN'S MOST VieVLI.SSIT 3111,3TSTIV,

al, duiilrtl, nod •Iles-liontoe Address of Ore remit..
of Ott Parish of St. Luke, to übe County of

~l,J~ih •, x.

s We, your Majesty's loyal. datiful, anal Wee-
noir subjects, beg leave olost respectfully to
:•;•:•r .arli your Mrjesty, with Slur moat sincere conzratula-
t.ti, on your Nl:sjesty's succession to the throne, and sale
on shear Slur uare-happy shores.
%I t hare nests- teased to rrgret yuur absence, anal hare
'•:. tuudty looked forward to the happy period Obeli, in the
4 as Sr of tyros, sour Illajral) world occupy She sxalted said
t stntien t.t Queen of the [Selfish untion.
tY ith f. he deepest symrathy, whirh are implanted
a. a:t sax. lir dtplure those irises Utable stud painlnirunts
• it bath pleased Divine Providence to afflict your
IS' ty. . Maly of us have lust aged and affectionate pa-
r.-, ninny of us have been called to follow to the grave
t !, iiiteit in shunt all our hopes of linpililiesS in this life have
ccct.ed. These circumstances enable it,, as mothirs anal
5:4OiS leas, to cattmate your Majesty's suffering. in the uric.
4,11 its of our late belated Sovereign, your Majesty's
1:::.er and Oil st.mgible friend, %hose fasten tug care was aver
;.stiat tutus in your behalf. Balt, above all, we beg moat
err taly and devoutly to aympathts: with your Majesty on
cretin sable lows your Majesty has. in C4lllllllOll sills the
.hail' nation, .11,1alitell in the death of your tweahouble
G. 4- aelttet., our !Latish Prioress—England's hope, and brat
4 11;4CtiatIllII. When that cloud of 1141 korai Oi.sus,•J our
a tery purotal bosom heaved a •411, deeply caution.
a r..tsti i • c Mi.ijrsty's alliiietion, and that " you could
t ut be carwarat,d."
la this con,tt r-mat ion of aelieliun we had thought the rage
f your Majesty's enemies would hare tares, Pulsated. But
sa.,: to hehuld a female, anal Mai finale a Queen, at over
.:7-41111, motto r-
. bettli of utt di areal hope, an only 11' I 1.11,1.1 fsh
Y•s•. sod is a state suave than List. iii atduwh.red, ass to
i',eir inexorable sod al. pram al seirda nut sufficient—tiny
.e deli s missed 10 t fleet most.

• 11 the rem le ed attempt to totpugo your Majest)'s (hprae-
t• . ere t hold- every eel: on that tuallre eau terv.ll. witi die.
r..ce wad troth, to aeeuarplub the saciitict of its
v:cnrn.

Nt't we Int.:, Madam, that that all-wise (:od, " without
• prressismos net a sparrow falleth to the grunnd." pail
• e•ri I the tale ;mentions's( your rorniier, Shot your
mllllll n. 3,, likr gold irks! iu Ilse formate, tibiae the
tti:t ut.
11 brhuld isi y4,1111' Majeit).b L.luau ivar, wider ouch MI.
r>a 'tk tl IA Is, • mazttaiiituity of ton.ietl and whet for-
t de «le:ch aqskin but tr•mottotto ftiourrure tau 1111p;EP

V sour Moirsty taiis dentandril ■fur rumpt,sut 1111 l uj trial.
I.lw tarot& the lowest fulpirct iu the wain, % but
t!, iu.cogetore has b.eci reritsi.J iriahest, mist. in that
i •fut.,founis a)our we
u h sorrwrica saes diet of our Most ancient 'lglus and
rival -nought privileges: bat your 111.rjesty pmsessirs in the
traits of your affectionate female subjects a mord which so
re.-dui, freer such a tribal's'. Pis ever rrsdreate.
We Kruk forward, with delight fii I expreistiou, to the period
wires justice will bt tendered so your 413jesty, sad whew we

•hall see you plata in that 'keeled slatios, whieb Ike rod,
the vi• enema, oriel the wise, hove/mut wished sit on eary •
We otter up our fervent ejaculations for the rowdy arrival
of she hear, whys', alter •seh so neexasteled and decor
store of trouble, your Illuteety may enjoy o hoes*of rots. in,
she hearer of your 'chairing ee►jebti: oNis it shall
please (bud N call you (rem as earthly woos. onoryou re-'
wive a dsadees of Elora at the rigid bawd of Gods " wheel
the nickel cease trust trooblioi wed the weary are at mt."
The fellow•iag id her Majesty's Ambler to the
above Addres.:—

The Female Inhabitants of the Perish of St. Lob, la the
County of Middlesex, are requested to accept now cordial
aekauuledgenents for this affectionate tribute of loyally nad
attachment.
Tani* females who Uwe been atothera, mid can estimate
the forte of matereal affectimm, care best appreciate the
poises which I felt when my Duly child was forcibly torn
Gnat my embrace, and rendered an alien from nay society.
What milker could calmly acquiesce in such privations, sit
pit I roily endure mac% Immo?
The highest etnesenee is Ora ascent of stein life is often
the regime of teepee and arifarboesa, where the affeetiees are
toolimbed, and a wit of sluggish apathy is isernstrid retool
the heart. Bat I may appeal rot only to numernas acts but
to the general tissue of my life, for the pouf that she UM.
vernal Father has mingled in ally temperament no ordinary
podium of she heoemilevit sympathies. I have never 'offered
the high statists which I occupied to chill nay ardour or to
paralyze my will iu the practice of besevoleure: that prat-
I ire has cheered the gloom of say solitude, amt relieved the
limb s,ocas of my worse Ihaa widowed hours.
I c!aim no ramie for arta of kindness which inclination
promoted me to perform, sad in the !Naomi:ince of sidlork I
foetid the pores" delight aril the tweeerM aatisfaction.. ' But
if my asioral temperament were sure oboe usually rewaitive
and attunes's', the amiable females who bare anbscribed
this A dolresifi will clearly understand shot the cruelties which
I have experienced mutt have been felt with double
poignancy.
Sly nearest and dearest relatives have vanished in the
shades .4 devil,. This Imo% at least, of one of them, less left
a dreary vac.oucy be my hears, which no other earthly en•
drones. at can supply. Ikose fond caresses which once
united she mother and 'be child can no more be mine! But,
iwstwd of logos 'ging in ilisog Ogress, 1 will henceforth
eudeavour to snpply the place of the kiisdred ulfertious by
the patriotic; to regard the people of these realms as my
(+Vero ; to make their happiness my pursuit ; and to con-
sider their augmented liher:irs as my highest exaltation."
The following is her Majesty's toast gem-toms
Answer to thc Address of the lotisbaant• of ST.

..-• - . -
1 mum wry unfeigned thanks to the lishshitants of the
PailAt of St. Luke, in the Couaty of Middlesex, for this
I.•ytt and alrirtionate Address.
I have hilt little power of benefiting the generous and
enlightened people of those realms; but the Mlle ghat I
have shall ever hr r xereewil to the beat of my judgment in
support of Ilw most salutary institutions. Ii is intellectual
rialtoe that adds most dignity to man; and which, wbile it
abstracts him from the groasuras of vice, renders him more
capable of liberty. I shall ever feel it a duty to give retry
pos. ble twostragement to those beneficent rai+lilislontitt I. in
whirls the young learn the t lenient+ of kuuwledge, and im-
bibe the ptinriples of virtue.
The evidence, of whirls my enemies have availed them-
selei s to erimisiate my character, vedette core disgrace upon
theses than open toe. The turpit u.k of projiired testimony
t• nos to the accuser, rather than to the at-cooed.
I wrintil willisigly resign all my right+ and prisii.ges for
the bent fit of the people, or for the inter. sus of liberty; hut
ought I, with ,at wilt ticipliesrence, t., sulTer them to lw mkt II
from. rue, only in order that toy ail ries may the mine
easily infringe the rights of Ihr. Halt 1111 l and p le the
sof tyranny I feel no litglwr ambition than that
of promoting the public good; and the nation hive ' had
eons teeing proofs alit a sordid avarice is not amu*g
116.• imleil rlo,as of my character.
"Ihr constitutional liberties of the people have, within a
few years, emir ritured numerous Bestrew's. but thnee W-
ats aims have still 14:ft na such a portion of the liberty of the
picas as has nut wily tweet socceaally ildrad•4l was arrioat
enernita, but has recited %nth is spirit in the nation as
appr•rt to gorges the nuot f+voisrable conserpiewres to tbe
pulitte weal.
The !Meaty of the preys is that vital flame that has pre-
served the Cunsiiiiiiion in the win., times, and muter the
sionsination of the moot wolfish., Actium Political liberty
ha. Idtie to fear while the press is free; but if the free
aei icy of the mind, Ilinwigh the molnilo of lle mesa, shush!
rs. r hi: h it troyrd, the prople bare nothing left 'but to how
the neck, and to 1,. nil the knee, at the slit ine of arbitrary
1,0%1

TPRIURLE CONPL,IGRArto.v.

V, Menlo! morning, shotst one o'clock, in alarming
Are broke out ■t the house of Mr. Fisher, earn-chandler,
in the Masi? wity, tVe..tminstrr, which w.es etoistimetl, ■s
we're P 1... Cooke's ratienr.hunse, nu potato-waielitiose,
811.1 Mr. Clk PrOltwcary. It raged with moth fury that
the whole neighbourhood was terrific, for the ty of their
dwellings. A thick party wall of 1101 land's house prevented
its extending towards Tuthill-street; but the wind shifting,
and directing the flame* towards tattle Chapel-street, se-
veral of the buildings start. d injury, as did the Castle
public-house and the hack of the letiements in C toile-court.
No hers are maid to be lust, though Holland wa. forced out
of the one.psir of stairs window ; his servant jumpy.; tint
wills papers to a 14.er IG 11111 l VAI ious rumours are afloat
NS hn ihr cause, but the pre %%tient one is carelessness through
intbricty.
