PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE.

HOUSE OF LORDS, Tneasi)Ay, filmicx 4.

COIA)NIAL SLAVERY.

..... . -...........
Lod KI NO presented a petition, praying the House to abolish
• slavery in the ailonies, from the inhabitants of a place, the name of
which we could not hear.--The petition was ordered to be laid on
the table. . . .

Earl tiItOSVENIr/R stated that he had a within to present
from many very respectable persons residing at Bury eit. Edmunds.
The petitioner' prayed their Lordships to cause slavery in the CO.
lsetiss to be gradually abolished ; and, in the mean time, they
begged of the House to consider of 110111, plan Mr the amehoratioa
of the slaves, and particularly to prevent the use of the cart-whip
amongst their'. The petitioners prayed for the abolition of slavery
whenever it could be done for the benefit of the slaves themielves,
and with due c esideratiott to the interests of those who held estates
in the West Indies; and, whenever it should be abolished, these
petitioners hoped that justice would be done not only to the slaves
IlheMarlves but to those who were possessed of estates in the mks.
hies. It was also stated by these persons, that it would be better
tact so discuss the conduct of certain parties in the islands when this I
question Mlle to be considered. He, however, could by no means
assent on general principles to the proposition that the conduct of
public men should not be commented upon. False delicacy ought
to be avoided ; there should be no secrecy or concealment, but a
Lull disclosure of every fact connected with the subject. Ile ought
not, probably, to allude to a motion that stood on their Lordships
()films, of a Noble Friend of his (Darnley), relative to Ireland ;
but it was, in its general principles, precisely a ease in point with
the subject that he had introduced to their leadships notice. It
was necessary to concede to the Catholics all their civil rights, and
to consider the question generally that had eo hog afflicted that
country. It was, he firmly believed, want of inquiry into the state
ut Ireland that had caused all the evils that had &Meted her. Ppm
every view of the question, he thought the fullest inquiry ought to
be gone into respecting the state of slavecy in the West Indies; and
the hest illustration that he could offer in support of that opinion
war, the present condition of Ireland. Inquiry was necessary, in
the gist place, because if slavery was not abolished by this country,
others would never abolish it. Another position, which must be
undisputed, •as, that by the sulreitution of free labour the
Wands wdolil he inconceivably improved. he experiment hail
been tried, and it had answered every expectation. With reference
to this subject, he mold but remark, that the instructions sent mat
to the Colonies by the Nub!, bard opposite, hail been most leper.
fact, although they conveyed a spirit of moderation that hr appre-
ciated, and that sugared favourably as to she views of Ministers.
However, his silence on this question, which was one of first rate
importance, would depend upon the infernal/on he should receive
as to the intentions of Ministers on the subjef: of slavery, and
whether he should find them sincere in th,ir endeavour, to abolish
at. The Noble Earl then read the petition, which was ordered to
be laid tin the table.

Eaal BATHURST took that opportua.i.y of infomaing their
Lortlahaps, that to-ittormw ae'nt,titht he ,hottid,l,l7 conismual of his
Alatosty, lay certain papers on the table, relative lo Nest India
slavery.
...........
