SO3II::RSET ELNCTION.

It was communicated to Mr. Hunt, after the final close of the
poll on Thursday, that several of the freeholders who had voted hir
him had received no•ice of "no more employment" from their
masters, and that the revmtment of the partizans of Sir Thomas
Lethbridge and Mr. Dickinson would be mat-Melted in other
ways to the offending electors. Mr. Hunt accordingly determined
to visit the places in which thi spirit chewed list If, in order to ex-
press his sentiments publicly upon the deocription of vengeance
which his enemies had thought proper to adopt. Ile heard upon
' his arrival on Friday evening, at Frame, where be had, before the
election, been met with the greatest enthusiasm by thousands of
the paur manufacturers, that the efforts of the friends of indepen.
dente had been paralyzed by the threats of come of Cie principal
men in the town. A deputation waited upon him at the Crown
inu upon the subject, and assured him that absolute destruction
awaited the families of some who had heen bold enough to vote ac.
coaling to the honest dictates of their emsciences. One of the de-
putation stated, that he was himself an evidence of the determined
animrsity of one of the float powerful men in the town, who had
made no secret of the fee;ing by which he was actuaed.
Mr. Hunt asked who this individual was alto had dared to in-
terfere with the freedom of election ; for, bitter as was thu hostility
against him, he had never curornplated that the poor would be
persecuted to starvation because they *hewed an inclination fur
better times.

The Complainant, who is a currier, said, he had no hesita-
tion to mention the name of the gentlemen who had given him
" no:ice to quit." It was Mr. Sheplie.l, the clothier, who used
to purchase lewher of hint to the amount of upwards of Itati, per
annum. and who. unon finding that he had voted for " Hunt."
aet.t hint immediate intimation that his services would be tor ever
alter dispensed with. Mr. Shepherd had, he underhand. exercised
the same sort of authority where it wns most likely to be felt, and
many,a poor family in the town was already sufraing under the
in

It was also stated to Mr. Hunt, that notwithstanding the sweep-
ing condemnation of his friends, the great mass of the freeholders
of the county would nu more vote for Sir Thomas Lethbridge se.an
they would vote far the 41-1 himself, and that if there had been
only the tustornary moles of conveying the voters, the town of
Detester would have been crowded with the most resolute oppo-
nents of all the measures which Sir Thomas Lethbridge had ad-
vocated Of advocating it could be called) in Parliament.—
Certain it is, that it the public feelitig of the county was
expressed by the public cake, Mr. Hunt would have been,
on the first day, at the head of the poll, and would have
maintained that position without the slightest danger of sinking to
a level with the less unpopular of the other two Cantidates.
Wherever he appeared, the cries of welcome were tinted, and it was
a remarkable fact, that even the individuals who formed the bands
of his antagonists waved their hats, and cried " Hunt for ever!"
when they thought they c odd do so without prejudice to their en-
gagements. It is a fact that nn old man (apparently YJ years of
:Igo), who had long determined to vote for Mr. Hun', was made
amok with cider Icy tone of the contemptible fellow. who travelled
about to recommend Melts:leen to the other Candidates, and that
upon being hrsught to the pall he was nearcely able to articulate
tome of the person for whom he had, in consideration of what
lie tlfattk, promieed to poll. It is alert true that many voters
wan were willing to vote for Mr. Hunt, and who were dis-
appointed as to the means of en tveyance. accepted the invite-
Min to go to the election upon other conditions, and actually up-
pearcd at lic::esuer with the favours of the unpopular Candidates in
their hate, ail voted in the very presence of those beliwe whom
they had pledged themselves to support the green and white
Miami for the return of sir Thomas Lethbridge. Instances of a
very different description were not unllequent. The following is
one:—A farmer, of coneiderable property, residing near Taunton,
had been one of the meat staunch supporters of Sir Thomas Leth-
bridge for many years. Six years ago he brotight up 70 voters for
the Baronet, hut, having fallen in with the general prejudice
ageing that 3lember, upon a comparlson of hie viruses and de-
fects, he resolved to advise his in stile to try some other experiment
in the House of C34)111011% than that which they had been so long
blindly malting. Sir Thomas wet mule acquainted with the
change, and, meeting with his old supporter, maid, " I hope,
Mr. this is not the cater. I am sure you will
still be my friend." " Nut, no, Sir Thoutas! you be very
kind when the election approaches, but the moment it is gone
your memory haves you, and you forget those who served
you. Never no more, Sir Thomas: never no now," This
Gentleman upon hearing that Mr. Hunt was in Balmer gaol,
visited hint, a,il wee amongst those who principally urged him to
.stand for the county. tits zeal, we regret to say, was near proving
fatal to him. He had been in an indifferent stet° of health for some
dine, and, as it happened, was attended by a physician who was
favourable to the other party. The conversation of the physician
and his pat tut happened occasionally to turn upon politics ; and
the latter perceiving that the former was hecurning a convert, made
the obligation upon him to act upon the change in his feelings more
binding by taking all the medicine he chose to prescribe._
The promise was given, whets poor Mr. was very r.ear
to death's door; but 1112 dazeor, who probably did not think
that his patient would survive the election, was seen by
Mr. Hunt, who hod been MN:sena-el of his good intentions, giving
not only Lie rose, bat hie interest to the opposing Conslitlatea..-e.
I)--n hit blood," said the deceived patient, gasping for breath,
on Friday last. " could he use me thus? Here have I been taking
al the poken in his shop to make him swear according to hie con.
science, arid now Piet he has almost killed me he votes for loth-
bridge. D—o all D.,ctors, they are as bad as the Attorneys." The
spirit of Mr. Oliver Heyward, of 3ludford, is often spoken of in
the county. He had been an Officer in the Yeomanry t7avalry, of
which Mr. Dickinson is Colonel, but the moment he heard of the
conduct of the Magistrates to Mr. Hunt in Ilchenter gaol, he re-
signed, and enclosed his resignation in a letter reflecting upon the
arbitrary and unjust manner in which the power of the Magistrates
of the county had been exercised.
At six o'clock in the evening of Friday, Mr. HUNT got into his
barttuelte, opposite to the door of the frown Inn, at Frome, and.
standing upon one of the seat.. addressed the multitude who lead
assembled in the large a ace before the house, in the fullowing
terms:—

" I AT, you see, returned without success, but not beaten t have I
not gained my point. but I have left my adversarim.—l have lett I
your adversaries, I mean. for they are indeed your enemies.—soine- I
thing to reflect u pm. Theirs is no bed of roses; 1 have cast into I
it sonic thorns, which they will find it difticul_• to reconcile to the I
feeling of delight with which they anticipated a victory. I have
at least the consolation to know, that if I have not been supported
Recoiling to my wish and my expectation, I have held them up to I
public contempt and ridicule, and effectually turned against them
the weapons which dry had aimed against ute. (Cheers.) If you
had attended the election, you would have seen how they shrunk I
back in person front the contest when they perceived that the 4
wretched county press was not to be the sole vehicle of the pro-
ceedings,—when they ascertained that the London papers would de-
&tribe the real condition of the sentiments of the people, and give an
impartial transcript of what was said within the walla of the Court. I
Ifere it not for that great security, the county would still continue
abused, and the potpie of England would be told that Hunt, the
radical blacking man, was hooted out of Somerset by the gentlemen
who support the old candidates (Otters). It has been supposed that
I closed the poll, and many Nye just assured me that they were
only waiting for the word of command to advance in a body from
this town to the poll. This is precious news !—why did you not
come at first ?—why (lid you not preform with zeal the promises
which you had given, and not wait till it became disgraceful for me
to be seen et I:cheater, where a straggling freeholder was now and
then to be spied out ainorgst the gaping townsmen ? To be Sure,
my opponents had a shells'. prospect (laughter), but that is but lit.
tie consolation to me. The failure of their efforts to prevail upon
the greet body of the freeholders to poll for them, could not recon-
Bile to the bitter disappointment I experienced in finding that
you were careless of your future condition, and inactive. (Cries of
•• How could we help it ? we were bound down.") So I hare been
told. Theright of election has been most basely interfered with. I
understand that Mr. Shepherd, of this town, has already visi:ed a
heavy punishment upon some of you who have voted for me (cries of
" Yes, yes," and loud applause.) You are to consider men of that
' kind your decided foes. It is men like this Mr. Shepherd that most
effectually undermine your liberty. This is the real state of slavery,
and, while you tremble at the threat, there is no hope of regimes or
retribution. (Cries of " What are we to do ?" and exprewiuns of
great anxiety.) What are you to do? Nothing now, but lie untler
the disgrace and the smart. The freeholders might have easily
gained a victory—easily, but for their fears. Alt ! believe me that
yru will suffer, and suffer keenly. too, and you deserve it. There
will be, I hope, light crops and low prices. Many of you, even in
this town, are starving now, and the number of the starving will
incrtase. Nothing will bring you to a proper sense of your condi-
tion, until a law is passed to Compel you to flog each other every
diceiday morning. (Loud cheers, and cries of "tis true, tie true.")
Those two Candidates have come in. They are not to blame for
that. It is the freeholders that are to blame. It is they that send
the supporters of the taus, and of every measure for grinding the
very bones of the laborious poor to dust, into that house which it
is not now penal to say has just vomited forth her septennial
filth, end is taking in more filth of the same kind. (Loud cheers,
and laughter.) It is such men as this Mr. Shepherd who
encourage machinery, and every other means by a hich the
employment of the industrious Is diminished without any
effort or wish to recompense the loss. Renumber this dlr. Shep-
herd, the clothier. lam far from counselling you to a breach
of the laws; believe no slave who tells you so. (Loud cheers.)
It has been said that I ant a dotterel of the working classes—that
I pander to the vices and weaktuates of the lower orders. LI this
flattery ? (Cries of " No, no; you arc no flitterer.") Have I ever
told you that you have done as you might'? (" Never, never.")
Have I not always told you that so long as you permitted such
men as Dickinson and I.etltbridge to enter the House of Commons,
so long would every thing you want or ask fur be denied you, and
denied eat. too, without tits ceremony of an effort to gain it?
(Cries of " True, true. We have no hone of them ; but what can
we do?") You must make sacrifices. You say you will late your
employment if you vote for the man on whom you eon depend. If
I our ancestots thought of that consequence, tile glorious foundation
of our liberties—tits. foundation which the public assassin is now
daily urdermining—tiever wculd have been laid. (Loud cheers.•,
I You must ut.derga privations before you can hope to be benefited
I to the full extent of your rights. As the mu.° says of the woman
o' in labour, you must be worse before you are better. (I.aughter.)
There arc amongst you many to whom ti:ese obstryteions do nut

THE BRITISH PRESS.

apply, for you have dared the worst and 'rated toe me. It may be
paid .hat one roan cannot do much. lam sure that one man may
attempt much, and whatever might have been the revolt, I should
nut, if I had kern elected, left any one thing !list WhS likely to
adeanre the interests of the hard.w irking plot tinattempteti. (Com
tinued cheering ) The apprehmsion of loving work in a nitre bug_
hear. Work it %Adorn loot except from want of honesty. The
spirit of persecution always raises ir. the hearts of the generotiv a
corresponding tendency to protect, and if the fears and the s uggich-
ness of the freeholders of Somerset had not interfered, one of your
members would be now at work for the benefit of your starving pm
pulation. (('beers.) Alt. Hunt concluded by repeating his:anxiety
to verve the county, amidst cries of " Hunt for over."

Bi-EsrmoiLA-vp ELBCTION.

[FRON OUR OWN REPORTEIII•I
THURSDAY-SEVENTH DAY.

The polling this morning was not so brink as usual on the
part of the Blues, notwithstanding the encouraging prospects
held out last night by Mr. Brougham. It was known at an early
hour that Mr. Brougham had left Appleby at one o'clock in the
morning, for Kendal, and various conjectures were afloat as to the
cause of his doing so. tinnte isnagirted that it was all over with
the Blue cause, aid that the poll must have finally closed at four
o'clock ; while, 03 th, other hand, others omened that he was about
to make fresh arrangeatents to bring up his voters, it being upon
all hands acknowledged that his modes of conveyance are
amazingly defective. At one o'clock a statement of the day's poll
was pasted up, by which it appeared that up to that hour Colonel
Lowther headed him on the day's poll by upwards of one hundred.
This was looked upon as decisive, and the Blues were completely
chop-fallen. Before four o'clock, however, it was understood that
11.. Brougham had returned to Appleby, and great anxiety was
manifested to hear from himself the present aspect of their cause•.
At five o'clock, as usual, the Uoder-Slicrilf announced the state
of the poll. _ _

G rnfol Poll.
16311
I MA
1262

Day's Poll.
Lord Loather . •247
Colonel Lowrher . 237.
Mr. Brougham . 119
Majm her for Colonel Lowther over Mr. Brougham on the day's
poll, 118. On the gross poll, 304.
Lord Lowvore then came forward. amidst very general cheer-
ing, and addressing the eleetore, said. that the smallness of his op.
ponent's minority upon that day's poll amply compensated for the
smallness of his (bird Lowther s) majority yesterday, though with
each day's polling he had good reason to be satisfied. as each day
added to his majority on the poll. (Cheers.) Ile had been taunted
with not possessing the gift of prophecy, but they must have per-
ceived that the prophecies of others were not seen to be realized one
iota more than his own. (Cheers from the Yellows.) It was all
very:well to joke, and doubtless jokes were very good things, but
facts were notch better; and from the Cute to be gathered by a
'tingle glance at the state of the poll, they might form a bedew
judgment of what was to come hereafter, than they could form from
his predictinsa. (CI: revs and a laugh) Amongst the topics which
hod been principally dwelt on upon the preceding evening, was that
of the orders which it was said that he had given to his agent* and
solicitor% for putting the long oaths to a certain class of freeholders,
if they prieented themeelresat the poll. Now he wished it to he dis-
tinctly understood, that he would never have given such (limed, nsas
respected those persons who were resident freeholders sntl possessed
of Vero Ale property in the county. (Cheers.) At the two first
elections which hod been contested, the long oaths and the oath of
supremacy had never been put to the electors; but when he and his
brother found themselves and their voters opposed in every possible
way, they thought it perfectly justifiable to use those means against
another description of voters whom his opponents would be quite
shocked if he ranked amongst the mushrooms. (Cheers and marks
of disapprobation.) He was quite aware that Mr. Peter and other
gentlemen of the Catholic persuasion had purchased :.eeholds for
the expellee purpose of voting against him, and, however re-
spectable Mr. Howard of Corby might be, hr mold not see
where the line was to be deawn. There were other C.atleollc Gentle-
men equally respectable. and, unable to draw the line, he gave di-
reciione that it should be administered to all. (Cheers front the
Yellows.) The Hon. Gentleman seemed to claim something on
the score of liberality, in allowing Cleholics to vote against him ;
but he well knew that in this instance the reciprocity.like the Irish-
man's horse, wu all on one side. (Cheers and laughter.) And as
It was all on the side opposed to hint, he had no hesitation in de-
eding the molls to be administered. (Cheers front the Yellows,
hisses from the Blum.) They would perceive that lie had a ma-
jority of 3011 and upwards upon the guise poll, and he felt in con-
sequence bound to think than sincerely for their exertions in
placing him in etch a triumphant situation. (Cheers.)
Colonel LowiliEn said, hat Irefully expected to have seen the
town crowded that intoning with the freeholdent that had been
molten of by the opposing Candidate on the preceding evening.
Ile felt confident that he demi I have seen at least six hundred of
them flocking in; in short. nothing could be further from his ex.
pectatien than to find a majority in his own favour of I 14 or 120, or
about that, on the day's tal. (Cheers trout the Yellows, hissing
from the Illttn.) Thev.iteerd a great deal said about mushroom
voters, and they should then hear a little more, Anxious to know 1
how far his opponent had strengthen gal his poll by these mushroom
votes, he went to the Assessor's Court. and, after a careful exami.
12360 LL• be alighted neoe a 151 pit. 1i414 covey of seventeen of them
A little further down he found a small party of a &gen or re
more, besides split votes. Indeed, he believed that there were awe'
(ether as many as hail been rejected upon their side. (Cheers emu
the Yellows.) Were they, then, to blame, because th had taken
a lesson from their opponente, who at the' last el ' played the
acme
game and with the same result as he trusted it tiegyEtt at
the present contest. (Cheers.) Ile then thanked n) for their
exertions, and assured them that in every quarter of the county he
was ready to meet his opponent whatever. advantageOilir might have
over bin. lie had been deprived of lira *genie and his counsel,
and how had lie taken ir ? Why he bore it patiently and quietly,
because he felt assured that success was inevitable, when he recol-
lected the promises which had been given, and the warm attach-
ment which had been professed towards him during his canvass.
(Much cheering.) He had already on three occasions stood as a
candidate for the representation of the county of Westmorland, and
he should be always ready to answer the call of the freeholders.
(Cheers.) He sincerely thanked those gentlemen who bad sup.
ported hint in the present contest, and lie hail no doubt but that,
should the election last three days longer, he should be at least one
hundml a-head upon each day's poll, without calculating his pre-
sent notiority. (Much cheering, and hisses from the Blum)
Mr. Ilttotredmet then presented himself, and was, as usual, re-
ceived with three cheers from the Blurs, who are always in as
great a majority before the hustings as they arc in the minority
upon the poll. Ile 0 tid that it was in the first place necessary to set
right a mistake which had been occasioned that day. (Mr. It.
having paused for a moment, a person in the crowd cried out," Go
on.") . I will go on, friend, when I choose myself, and not
when you choose." In coneequence of an arrangement between
his Counsel and the Counsel of his opponent. by which they were
to accompany each other to London. by a most extraordinary tote-
take on the part of hia Learned Friend. the Yellow Counsel, he
went, or else some one went for hint, and informed the
Yellow Committee that he was going uwny that evening, the election
being over ; and the Yellows, as might well be conceived, being
very anxious to have done with it, swallowed this wnole, as if it
were a niushroont button. (Laughter and cheers.) They bolted it
whole, and began, as he understood, to draw in their fligs, to dis.
perm their bands, nay, they even went so far as to shut up their pub-
lic houses. (Cheers.) Now he wished so well to his friends, the
Yellow, he meant the Yellows in that corner (pointing to the
house where the Yellow freeholders are quartered), who he was eer.
Min wished him no ill, inasmuch as he was the very bestfriend
they had (A laugh), Inc if it hail not been for hint, he could not
conceive how they could occupy themselves upon that day, certainly
not at the cost rind charges of' the Lowther*. (A laugh.) Believing,
therefore, that that which would give most pain to them would glee
the greatest satisfaction to those Yellows on the hustings--namely,
to see no mote of him (Mr. Brougham) there. Now, for fear those
good men in that corner s'iould feel any alarm, he thought it but
fairness to them, as well as to their patrons upon the hustings, to
express himself upon that occasion, so that there should be no mis-
take hereafter. Ile would not have those mushrooms on the
ground floor cast down or depressed, uor those upon the first floor
overjoyed or elevated, et the idea that the election was nearly
over, for it was no such thing, (Great cheering front the Blues),
as they should soon see upon that day, when all accurate men of
business stinted up their account* and struck their balances—on
Saturday evening. (Cheers and laughter.) They should then see
how many of the present majority of 300 his opponents would be
able to mairtain. Ile wished it to be observed, however, that he
had not the least objection to go on beyond Saturday, though he
would rather close it on that dey, which might bedone if his friends
would exert themselves etererly upott those two ensuing days. If
all his friends, however, stiould not have polled on Saturday night,
Ire pledged himself that he would give then) an opportunity of doing
so on Monday, and on Tuesday also, if necessary. (('!teen.) And
then they should see what would become of the mejority which the
Noble Lord and his loather had just then so louely bragged of.
(Cheers.) It now tarred out that neither theme who were, I, ,r those
who were not, Lords (tithe Trearurv. possessed the gift of prophecy ;
and he would tell them how he (Mr. Brougham), who was not a
Lord of the Treasury. had been deceived. Ile had polled kwer
votes in the Kendal Ward than lie had expected. Ile had calculated
70, whom lie knew were in town yesterday evening ; but some of
them had a difficulty in getting to the poll, and lie had polled lesi
by 20 than he expected in that ward. lie admitted one fact, at
which lie was both surprised and disappointed—he admitted it, be.
cause he wished to conceal nothing—he had nu wish to make any
representation which mild tend to make their btfairs appear more
favourable, or their adversaries less so titan they really were—he
held it to be the grossest of all follies to treat them as if they were
children, by giving them a more flourishing account of their case
than the facts warranted—it was a ridiculous and mischievous de-
ception, which a few hours must neceesainy set right. Such a
enure,: was wrong in its principle as well as ri!ly and fruitiest'. He
would, therefore, tell diem :nifty and openly how their case stood as
contrasted with that of their opponent*. The circumstance, then, at
whieh he was both surprised and disappointed was, that their oppo.
news should have polled lir nit' K. tidal Ward more than they had.
Ile did not imagine that they would have polled so many as 110 in
the Kendal Ward, but he should be sti'l mime surprised if they
row 110 there wenerrow. Ile eae not surprised tit their having
pulled 114 in the Arrest Ward, for there it was that their great
strength lay. They had not exl.autite4 their strength in diet ward
yet, and it would not mach surprise him if they polled as muny

as ninety-fear again tn.morrow. Neither would he be
surprised to hear that they had polled a great number is
the Cast Ward, for lie was aware that great acacia.. I.ad been
making in and quarter, and therefine he would no: tell term that
they would be exhausted there tin-morrow, bet they would ebserve
that their pace would be slackenee. while the Blues would be ob-
served to tuireese rather than to slacken theirs. (Cheers.) Since
he had seen three last lie had been, as perhaes most of thou knew,
to Kendal, in order personally to ascertain how the Illuai stood
there. AA `neon in the crowd here created a disturbance, 'calling
out to Mr. Brotigham, who at lest said, " You may•go. my friend ;
the houses are opened again since I beesn—they are more in your
way than attending to speecties."—Direat laughter and cheers.)
He had heard oppo.ite accounts of the arrangements entered into
at Kendal, ter bringing up the voters, although there was no great
difference of opinion as to the numher of votes reedy to be polled.
He therefore went there to satisfy himaelf, and also that he might
be enabled to reread to them the result of his observations.; and he
felt happy to tell them that the result fully confirmed the stattenent
which he hail yesterday made to them, as to their remaining streurh
in the Kendal (Valli. (Cheers.) lie had not exaggerated their
strength a single jot in that ward. Ile had stated to them that
the Blues had in that ward 3413 votes unpolled up to she night be-
'Ore last. Of these 55 had Offal on that day, and let on the day
preceding, making together 130 ; and there still remained lbe, of
whom he was as certain as if they hail already polled. There hail
come over since he left Kendal 14 or 15 coterie not from the town of
Kendal but from its neighbour:gee]. In the Lontelele Ward he
had told them that he had 53 remaining, and, of these, three had
polled that day ; so that all remained yet in that quatter. That
being market-day at bonsilale, it was, of course, attended by those
persons; but to-itiorrew they wined wee a great preporian of them
brought up. (Cheers.) There remained a considerable force also
in the East and West Wards, which he expected to sec in Appleby
on Friday and Saturday, or, if not then, in. the beginning of the
w(Citl with
Ile had heard a little from the other side
on that occasion about the mushroom trade, and hie friends were
charged
growing mushrooms. (One of the Yellows cried out,
"17 and 12.") Yes, so it was soul. Two beds had been men-
tineed, one of 17 and the other of 12. But these wire very differ-
ent from the number discovered the other day, being no less than
140 or 150. But lie meant in assert that these 17 and these 12 (if
these indeed were the numbers) were not mushrooms, they were
not at all such votes as lie had objected to out the other side. Had
they 100 such as his, he would offer no objeetion to them. H.
would explain the difference between the two kinds .1 voters,
and he hoped the Gallant Colonel would comprehend it ;
at all events he was sure that they would. (Cheers ate) a laugh.)
If several independent men—respectable yeomen, or others of
iVestinorland, Cumberland, or any of the adjoining counties. feel.
ing an interest in the principles by which the Blues were actuated;
feeling a zeal for the independence of that county, arid hating the
domination of the Lord Lonsdale—if from these laudable motives
they wished to get freeholds in Westmorland that they might
core with the Blues, and against the Lord Lieutenant and his fa-
mily—if they qualified themselves, and after paying the put.-
deuce-money, came forward as volunteers, they could not be
consi,lered as manufactured or made votes, such as those made
by Colonel Rehm), or the parson, to whom he had applied
the term of mushrooms. But was this the way in which the
manufacture had gone on upon their side ? No such thing !
—could they call those independent men who went to Col. Bohol
at Storrs, of a morning after his breakfast, in older that he might
make freeholders of them ? Some of them were colliers, patriotic
men doubtless. who would accommodate their con trymen with
fuel. Some of them were shipwrights. who doubtless felt a deep
interest in the prosperity of trade. Others were ticket porters.
who, animated by a spirit of the purest patriotism, delivered their
burthens and drove their cart, about the streets. (Cheers.) Those
classes were all composed of independent men, sauteed by a love
of Lowther domination, and all indignant that Westmoreland
should be free—they entered the hell of Colonel Bolton, after his
breakfast, calling out to him, " For God's sake, dear good Mr.
Bolton, do come to our assistance ! Al e are miserable at the pro.
spelt of the independence of Weatmorland. We are afflicted at
the chance of the Lowther& being defeated. We are haunted by
night--our very dreams are trutabletl, anti our waking thoughts dis-
turbed, lest the two sons of Loot Loesdale should not be returned
for Westmorland by that Noble laud's reninatlon. (Laughter.)
rn pity to us then, dear Mr. Bolton, we conjure you to pity our
deep distress and intolerable alarms, lest toe domination of the
howthers, which has lasted u Jy ore IsurAred and twenty years,
should be now put an end to. (Cherrs ) Then. in God's tam ,
dear, kind, liberal, condescending 31r. Bohan, go give us the forty.
seventh part of that great field there, wheel is worth about 120/. or
1301. a year; do qualify us; do prevail upon Lord Lowther to bring
us up to Appleby, and quarter us in the great tarn there, that we
may be enabled to do our duty to our country, by voting against
the independence of Westmorland." (Greet cheering.) Ile would
pledge himself that there were no such voters as these upoe Weenie,
and he shrewdly suspected that those who were assembled at Col.
Bolton's were not volunteers, but men pressed into the service to
keep up the influence of Lord Lowther. It would be seen on Si.
turtle), or Tuesday, by how many of these manufactured votes the
election would be carried. Ile It d told them hi. strength, and if
enough of time were given to briaf them um, he had s:ill enough to
give him the majority. (Cheers. He eeltorted them to regard as
nothing the majority as it at present stool upon the pull; fur when
they had run out their strength, the Blues would go on, though it
might carry the election well into the next week, so lung as they
had any force remaining. (Great cheering.)
Mr. Blast:011AM then offered to give up the contest, if the propo-
sition he was about to make were agreed to. It had been 1431,1 that
at the last election the sense of the majority of the resident free-
olden of the countretee opposed to the Blue eateseee He twang
to assert that this was not the case; fur he had examined the poll
books himself, and had had them examined also by two other per-
sons. and the result was. that deducting the non-residents, the ma-
jority was in hie favour. 'rite opposing Candidates denied this,
and lie was then ready to go to issue with them upon it. (Cries of
" Hear, hear.") His proposition was, that he would give up the
contest, if it could be shown, upon reference to the decision of two
scrutineers, from the poll books of the last election, that there was
not a majority of resident freeholders in his favour; and he wished
also to observe, that he would not be particular as to three or four
votes—the majority should be decisive.
Colonel Low TII EU, who had retired from the front of the hust.
ings, again cenre forward, and waving his hat to the crowd, said
`. No compromise, my lads ; we'll stick to each ether as 17C stand
on the poll. (General and continued cheering.)
MT. Banuotteet—Then Gentlemen, as they have not accepted
my offer, it' you please you will go on to-morrow. (Cheers.) And
we will give three cheers for the real freeholders, and no mush.
rooms. (The cheers were accordingly most enthusiastically given,
and the Meeting separated.
It was said that Duffy (the orator) was to have made his appear-
ance, as Colonel Bolton, in the course of the evening ; but it was
decreed that his admirers should be disappointed; for though lie did
make his appearance, it was in the character of a crier, distributing
a squib, which was uncommonly stupid.
The celebrated Mr. Jiffrey, of the Ed;nba,gh Ream-, has been
here for some days, conspicuously decorated with the insignia of the
Blue cause, Ile attempted to vote for Mr. Broughareederiving his
qualitic pion, as a voter, from a small house consigning of 2 rooms,
in some little village in the county ; which house, be it observed, is
held jointly by himself, Mr. Stuart, and Mr. Mackenzie, a writer to
the signet. Ile, however, refused to take the freeholder's oath, and
was of course not allowed to add to the numbers of Mr. Brougliant's
poll.
The election hitherto has been uncommonly dull in the way of
squibs. The following, which has just come out, is one of the bed
1 that has appeared.

WESTMORLAND ELECTION.
S .me folks when they are asked to sing,
Will any they can do no such thing,
And make a mighty fuss just at starting 0 !
Instead of setting oft
They any they've got a cough.
But that is all my eye and Betty :Martin 0 !
Mr. Brougham at this election,
Will palaver all affection,
And swear that in your cause lie's true and heatty 0 !
If you're wise, you'll never mind him,
For his promises you'll find them,
To be nothing but my eye, &c.
Forth stalks this man of law,
In his consience not a flaw,
llis opinions always ready to be starting !
" You never can tom a Glue,"
But this 'twist mentvt you,
You've hound is all my eye, &c.
Of mushroom votes he prates,
Tho' within the Castle gates
A thousand he would make, he swore at parting 0!
On hint we've now turned room'.
And he has shrewdly found
That they're nothing but my eye, &c.
Whet will the lawyer do
When this contest is gone through ?
I suspect his pockets sorely will be smarting 0 !
Fir when his bills come due,
He'll look a little Blae,
And to pay is all my eye, &c.
In vain the country side
Has been cativasstd far Intl wide.
And Blue Freeholders brought chaise, CCat h.. and east
in 0 !
E'er this he has found out,
That he'd better face about,
As his chance is all my eye, &c.
From famed auld Reeky's Town
Little Jeffrey trundles down;
A blue cockade the little man looks smart in 0 !
But his vote it will not do,
• .
So in his nest Review,
Let him write—'tis all my eye, &c.
Said Howard, take Broom.twigs.
And stick them in your a igs,
Fit badge, my jolly boys, to play your part in 0!
True pronlet, for the broom
Now deck'd in yellow bloom,
'Bakes the Blue cause all my eye. &c.
So now toy Yellow boys,
Let us raise a jolly noise,
A':,l drink the Loathers' health pint. pilot). quart in 0
And hope this contest through
The Blues may look more blue,
Since their chanct is all my rte, &c.

*et' Ate
the representation of the county, it would have been -- - by the
want of management displayed at dila election. His means or
bringing no sears are scarcely • tithe of thate poseessed by his os-
ponents. t/e-has mareely roily homes engaged, while they hare se-
veral hundred ; and I believe has not one for their twenty.
The eketion is now virtually at an end, althongh the polling yid!
continue untiltoonorrow evening and this, I ra ',Cr irrottpne, ,s
for the purpose of making it appear that :dr. Brougham has gained
in strength since the last election, end not lost, as it was prouMnl
he would have done. on account of his adherent e end firm support
of the Catholic question.
, At the o'clock the Untlereheriff appesied upoi the hosting",
followed by the Candidates, end announced the cove of the poll as
follows :
been Pull. (loos roe.
Liles/ lespther . 2111 • • . 1(25
Colonel hoe cher 203 1111
11r. Brougham - 91 . 134
Majority of' Colonel Lowther ever Mr. Brolglians—on the dare
poll, 174—0 n the room poll, 4111.
Lord Lo w oft en 'lien presented himself amidst general cheering.
Ile had, he said, to thank them for thaeing him. by a majority of
between five sod six hundred, at the head of the p. 11. (Great
cheering) If he did not feel such marks of their k ndn as and
attachment, he should be insensible indeed, u well OA ungrateful.
(Cheers.) The Ilinteurable ()manilas had last night enterteined
them with a merry description of those permute who came to vote
for him (hoed Lowther), and whom he designated a eurpenteril
and shipwrights. lie thought the sarcasm id not come with
good grace from a octane. who lied devoted so much of his time to
the establishment and support ut Mechanics' Inietitutes. (Cheers
and laughter.) Fur his own port he was so enemy to those Me-
e:lefties Institutes; en the contrary, he approked of, and sub-
scribed to one or two of them. (Loud cheers.) Ile thou ;ht them
harmless inst tutions--indeed, he felt confident that if they did
no good, they could do very Uttle ham. (Load cheers.) Ali
that lie wished was to appeal against suffering a certain Age
to preoerve the right exclusively, without a pattnt, of mak-
ing these mushrooms. (letnd cheers) Ile wished to know who it
was that commenced the manufacturing of these vets? Surly if
they were now met with their own wenponst, surely it was not those
who met them who were to hiatus. The Hon. tie:ultimo had
last right invited him to a scrutiny upon the past e;ection, and
made a proposition which veal to depae.d upon the result of that
scrutiny. Front noflitviag enshrined Ittp the vote" at Mot tleetior,
hi could form Ito estima:c as to what might be the moult of such a
scrutiny ; but it might beobaerved, that in making thw proposition
the lion. Gentleman had not made any menthe' of the fiat ehne tor,
to which such a proposition could be applied more fairly. betneuee
then the county wood upon its natural basis, for no freeholders had
been made for electioneeling purpose' for half *century prior to
the period when that contest tone place. (Cheers.) Besides, if
such a priposition were to he acceded to, the sixy rerierlag stk.
men who had supported him at the lest drama, arof who bad
signed a document declaratory of their intention to withdraw thst
support, should be deducted, as elso see oty or eight, more wl
had proanhod to support him, but had notcome forward to do so.
It the pmpoaition we're thus framed, he would that that he would
not gain by the scrutiny. The fairest way would be, to take the
first or third contest; and *she (31r. Brougham) might not be oil.
Mg to try the first, they would abide by the potent—by that he
world mind or fall; and as lorg as his friends would saptort
he would pledge himself that he would not desert them. (Cheers.)
He then thanked the electors for having raised him to the head of
the poll her large a majority, and withdrew amidst great cheer.
frig from the Yellows.
Colonel Lowe :tin then addressed the electors, and said that if
fresh vigour were required in order to 'order his cause etteimadul,
the majority on Met day's poll was istiffivient to impart it even to
an expieng rouse, being no less than 190 makihe altogether on
the gross pall, he spike in round mantas, a majority ui tea in
his favour above the poll of the Honourable Member for Win-
chelsca. (Cheers from the Yellows.) That Honourable (Len-
demon hid endeavoured to Meow all the odium of the nate r T 1
roors upon their ahouldewt, and he hail oldest cured to explain the
difference between his own mushrooms and their.. He had listened
most attentively to that exolanation. but all that he could under.
stand or' conjecture, from what, the Honourable Gentlemen said,
was that lie must have some pet name for those intishmotha thee
voted for himself, and lest he should give offence, he (Colonel
Lowther) would therelors, in future Call them funguses. (Cheers
and a laugh.) Ile then thanked those who had so kindly given
him their assistance, and hoped that those who had not yet polled
would, if necessary, give him their support tOdnontow t and with
thh hope he wand take his helve ni them until then. (Great
cheerieg from the Yellows, shit disephtehetien freest the Blume)
dlr. ha orniteat next Game forwerd, and teas received with mu
thusiaetic cheers by the Idue... and whit tretnelideus groins (rent the
Yellow.. The Noble Lord, be acid, who lull first addressed them
had said, ant he (Mr. Broughton) was sore that neither that No-
ble Lord, nor any of his friends, could say any thing in which he
et) entirely comets red with him, that they all knew eta. began Me
growth of rhualtromns. Ile (L;f11, Lowtiteri did know, and all who
wets- with him knew very well who herein it. (Cheers, groins, and
hisses.) Ilc could, at that morne.t, see ice lb) crowd some wbu
were of that growth. (Cheats and hisses). Ile had explaiect
to them yesterday, In a mender which (se wee sure they
understood, and lie believed the two %mooing Candidate. undet
wood him also; but they, at all events, te.dowoad him when
he explained to them the utter and entire, difference which
existed between what he called, and justly called, mushroom tong.
and the eplit votes which were tendered on his aide. (Cheers.—
They beelliaard ajoke frau- fib t Colonel who had lest ad.
dressed them, arid who eraireta jr ti great Wag iw his way. tee.
laugh.) Their misfortune was, that they were plead between the
Noble Lord and his brother ; and they were consequently sometime*
jockeyed by the Noble Leaol, and sometimes laughed at by the
waggery of the Colonel. (Cheers and a laugh.) Fur his owe part,
he would rather be ezpotied to the waggery of the Colonel, dap-
garotte as he rearmed it was (great laughter), than to the jockey-
ship of hie Noble Brother. By the arraugeatente which the Noble
hoed bad made on that occasion, he had fairly jockeyed the Blues
out of their means of conveyance. (Great uproar amongettbe
Yellows.) That uproar proceeded Rom the tetral.—colliets—and
sane of the band disguised as gentlemen, and others in their livery,
which they called their uniform It was not to be wondered
at that they should maker noise; for, in feet, they were hired
proteraional noisemakers. (A laugh.) lie should then say
a word as fo the excellent wit and wsggety of Colonel. who
called his split votes fungure . Why any good wan b dangling to
those slechanice Institutes, of which the Noble Load spoke so
well, and to which he subscribed, could hays old the Oallant.CO-
lone! that a fungus was a mushroom. f o tilt IFues, w
tremendous groans front the Yellows.) So that he lied yet a lesson
to learn in order that his next juke might be more accurate.--
(Cheers and hues) Ile would then draw their attention to the
business of the day (Clamour from rome of the Yellows), at least
as soon as that drunken, noisy bellowing collier should have de e e.
Ile (Mr. Brougham), was not the man to care fur their majority of
500 votes. He did not care for their majority, even if it should ha
on ;he next day increased by boo more. (Cheers:l If majorities
could have disheartened hint in a godd cause—if defeets, repeated
and repeated, could induce him to swerve from the maintenance
his principles, or to abandon the interest of his coaturv—if such
obstacles could cast him down, they would hove at thit moniert
an intolerant and bigoted, instead of a halt libelal administration.
They would have groaned under those shackles which blind igno.
ranee, abused power, and trertow-mied.d edf-interest—(a person
in the crowd here called out „My thunder, my thunder my
thunder !")—would imitate for the present, and if possible, peeps-
tunic. (Cheers.) If majorities could dishearten him, it repeated
majorities within doors, or senseless drunken clamour out of doors,
[Weld dishearten hint, they would now hare to labour ender :24
millions of taxes which he had been instrumental in repealing.
(Cheers, and groans from the Yellows.) Those 'saes had been re-
pealed, after repeated defeats a those who proposed their repeal.
fhe Malt Duty had been revealed. though stroegly opposed, • d
by the Lowther' so opposed. The Salt Tax, the Atoriculturat
Horse Tax, the Income Tat ~ and other odious and grinding im-
' ports had also been repealed though those who proposed their
repeal had been again and again defeated. (Cheers.) But they
never would have been repeated, and thecountry would cullgroau
beneath their noxious influence, if he and hit friends had bests ills-
otorirged by defeat. '(Cheers.) Nay, that Slave Trade, the execte.
6411 of mankind (clamour and comnsient except of those few tote
were then clamouring— 'hoer few slave and slave-dealers, the hire-
linga and the hirers—that trade would !etre still been in exist/Tee,
to the shame of our courar y, and to the wandsl of she times, if Xll4.
*ides. session oars session, week after week, and day after day,
hal been able to dishearten thole wel'-principlcd been Win) first pro.
posed ant advocated its aholid-o. (Omit thteritg.) Then why
should he despair of the independence of ld'estnterhual, because
he bud been for the third time defeated? Ittors, and cries of •' liner
despair"). 'Why should he despair, because they had the ad.
vantage of !tins that time in beds of mushrooms and in modes of
conveys ice ? Ile admitted that he had tontniatted an error—he ad-
mitted that the-Blues ought to have brought up their f.rees outer
its the day. The Blues had that moment, in the opinion of the
'Committee, and of those who had closely examined tkir lists, who
kuew the extent of their movatt, and who were consequently &Wire
of the number of votes remaining unpolled, enough in the
faqir wards to outvote time prtseitt majority against them. (Chem.)
If the Blues had began by b:i:o.;ing up ttie scattered votes—if they
had at first taken poins to tiling up those who were scattered is
twos and threes in a place, instead of those who lay together c.
large nuntiors, and who were easily moved together_it they hod
thus cgricentrated the!' whole force ret the pold. they would rot have
been 4 they then were. (Cheers.) He would ask theni to le ok et die
preparations of their atirtr.ariee—they hail acre upon acre of car.
negro in Apple by "as well as ir other parts of the county. eltheeen
not so nnoterous as in Appleby; but they (the Bluets) had t
more Iwo of carriages than they had or mustlonoms. (Cheers.)
They Ind been outjuckeyed. (Clamou: amongst the ellcws.)
He was plied that what he hail heard yesterday was unfounded—
that their houses were shut up. Ile perceived "het they must hate
been opened again. (Laugh:er.) Ile heartily wished that putt
oh the crowd (pointing to the Yellows) joy of the chow:ea/we f
'the poll. bream .e the houses would he again opened that night si-el
Of next day, to their ir finite entities' ion, and the no lests.gratiti.l-
- of the t andittwes upon the hu.tingee ((lhant and a fart..)
dTehrelaNratoiholre,Lwirthhhaadd adbc,lenrespeueel then
tfortli ponurthpoe sni;littgjewa o
twrtheii e ' d
elnrane,..y
eolith freeholders of the county. II:fore the election was over he
Intruded to address to them a ie w a tads io explanation of that do-
cument ; fur he knew its history, and also the manner ill
sonfe were imposed upon, and others persu ,dad to ,nit tl et, ag a.
cures (et it. (Cheers and hisses.) All he should then ea O. t
was that there never was • &yeomen more unfairly 'am; or
which les; spoke the sentimeats of these whose nwnee weot at.

TRIDAY-wEVENTII RAY.
it Mr. Brougham ever had a chance ul successfully contest'
_ .
defeated b-
