only, he contended, the people of Manchester MOM excessive severity ; even their own warrant was
had done, whether in sixty thousand or in sixty evidence against them, and every fact that trampir.
millions he did not cure.—(Hear, hear, hear.)— ed went to prove that they acted a part which up-
Teey did no more that, the people at the Smith- I right and constitutional ',Magistrates should hot
tired Meeting, and at that also a most improper I have meted. He entirely agreed in the opinions of
attempt had • been made in the arrest of Person the worthy Alderman.
1 larrison--(" Question !").-it nag an act more celcue Sir W. CURTIS said, that having read both sides
laced to produce riot than any which coeld ht coat- of the question, he thought that no man had a
mitted. He had the honour to be a London i right to say that the Magistrates hid acted wrong—
tweet., and he had marched tinder a Wittier with there were no proofs whatever before the Court.
the tiecription " Death or Liberty," aud without Gentlemen shuttle reflect ulna whet they were
;Orley whet was life ?—(fleare—One of the victims about to do—they should recce iect that the Magi-
,e tee late bloody day was a woman with an Wing strateaof Manche-ter were men of the first aerie:-
et her bosom—she cried for mercy, but found I ter and respectaltility, and men whose liberty and
none—while she clasped her child to one breast, character were to be decided by another tribunal.
her bloody-thirsty persecutor cot off the other He regretted very much what happened—Ow
.vith Ira sabre !....(Cries of " lea!")—He said cavalry had not, perhaps, the coolness of regular
was an. lie had couvereed with seven or eight I troops; they might have acted wrong, hut they
persons who had been present, and he had re- apprehended that they were doing their duty.
teierel a hundred letters, which all agreed in re- They were individuals of respectability, worthy,
ere...scene the impropriety of the conduct of the loyal volunteers.—(4 laugh.)—lt was said they
Merieratet. If a meeting was compared of men acted wrong; lie did not sity tine they did not act
'element; to burn the city, they could not have wrong.—(4 hargh, and cries of "Hear!")—if
been treated with more cruelty than those at Man- i they did act wrong, let them answer for it; Bet
cheater; for, ellen the cavalry cause up to disperse how did the other party act, those who cried out
this called an illegal Meeting, they drove in among for Radical Reform anti Universal Suffrage ?—(d
the ~I.et•ia! coestehle•—friend one foe met with the heugh)—those who had a week before appoiet.
mime treatment—cud when the assailed multitude ed a Meeting for the purpose of sending Re-
:attempted to get away, no avenue was open; sole presentative* to Parliament ; that unconstittitinual,
diets hail been placed at the end of them, and the wicked, rebellious, d.—d faction !—(Laughter.)
pettye I were prevented from getting away. The Did not they deserve punishment ? They talked of
neither of tee sabred and wounded amounted to Radical Reform—they meant plunder and rebel-
fisa hundred—a circumstance which had not beau lion, and nothing else. On the whole, he cow
denied. He would pike Gentlemen on the opposite I tended that uo evidence was before them to come
side, who attempted to deny it, to stand up and to a decision. Had the Resolutions been put !.t,-
eit • 'tamely, he would agree to the first of them; but
31r. S. Dome declared it could not, with truth, put as they were, together, he would vote against
he said that, from les earliest childhood to the pre- them all.
sent :gumtree, he was not a man with as lunch of Mr. Passeetee contended that ample time had
the milk of human kindness as any other whatever. been allowed—twenty days had elapsed, (luting
Notwithstanding. he should not shrink from ex- which, every day brought to light fresh evidence to
pressing his opinion, that !wig before the appear- illustrate the melancholy and alarming accossts of
ante of Mr. Hunt at Manchester, the great body the Manchester proceedings. He disliked and
of the populatio9 in that district were but too well detested as much as any man, the principles of re-
disposed to take part in such scenes as they were dical reformers. sod their absurd and dangerous
Loehr engaged in. He was well acquainted too proceedings; bat the question was, whether the
wite.the character of the gentry at the same place, people of England had the right to meet with-
and he could tell Gentlemen who had that day out the interference of a military force ? It was
charged the yeomanry with cowardice. that no said that there were no facts before them. He
men were less deserving of such an epithet. He (Mr. Pershale had facts from • Gentleman of high
did not believe one word of the foul deeds sttri- honour, who was an eye.witness of the scenes at
hilted to the yeomanry, much as the sabring down Manchester, who saw the cavalry press upon the
of defenceless women, became he did not think snoffending people. He witnessed that day the
there was one man in his Majesty's dutninions with conduct of the Magietrates and the military, and
a heart so hardened as to be capable of such acts, on that respectable authority he (Mr. Pershale re-
ile knew of his ownself that the working part of lied. On that day the populace were cut down,
the people of Manchester were in a state of great and women and children were put to the sword,
distress. Every man knew that during the late wer and trampled over in cold blood. The ques.
we hail the trade of all Europe—that trade could tints was, whether the Meeting was legal ? and
not be carried on in any other place. Through next, was the Riot Act read ? and if so, was it
that period there was employment for vast multi. read in the hearing of the people; and was suf-
tudes of people in the same place. But now things ficient time given to allow the people to disperse ?
were altered, every Government in Europe was de- Now, as to the legality of the Meeting, it cannot be
Firmr of giving employment to its own population, denied. As to the reading of the Riot Act, it never
and the consequence was, that numbers were thrown was read in the hearing of the people. and what-
out of occupation, and the means of procuring a ever form was gone through by the Magistrates,
subsistence. The better classes of people at Man- it appears that in fifteen minutes after the troops
choicer saw all this misery, and was it to be sup- were sent in runongst the people. It was stated by
posed that they were not made of the same mate- many that the Riot Act was never read—and cer-
eals as other men, and as ready to afford relief? tainly it was not read in the presence of the people.
The truth was, they did feel for and relieve them; As to the cavalry employed upon that disgrace rlll
but a man went among them. and told them that occasion--shameful and cruel as their conduct had
the whole of their misery would be removed by been, it was not so much against them as against
iseolishiug the borough-mongering system. There those who employed them that public indignatina
Ir•rre many of this class in Loittlon, but this was an should be directed. A great attack had been made
itierrant reformer. Moreover, there were clubs of upon the Constitution, an alarming precedent had
temde reformists. who took on themselves to devise been attempted, and the Corporation of London
nostretus for all our political maladies. Such an would not perform its duty if it did not approach
elect had these improvements, that a well-dressed the Throne and request an investigation.—(Hear.)
person in Manchester could not go among the —The Honourable Baronet hail talked of another
poorer inhabitants without being exposed to insults tribual—what tribunal? No terms had been taken
of a most disagreeable nature. He did not to institute any inquiry, but his Royal Highness the
credit the assertions that the yeomanry cavalry Prince Regent, three days after this affair took
had cut down any people. Another Gentleman place, publicly thanked the Magistrates and the
might know more; but he had seen a hundred let- yeomanry for their exertion.. If then his Royal
ters a. well as that Gentleman, and of a tendency Rightness and his Ministers decided in three days—
quite the contrary. Ile was no enemy to reform, were not the Corporation entitled to ask for inquiry
where it was wanted ;he wished to see reform iii- after a lapse of (20 days? Under all the circum-
trodneed into every thing amiss. But as to Par- stances he felt it his duty to give the Resolutions
hamentary Reform he was extremely cautious. his hearty support.
When it tens asked, was it necessary to have Re- Mr. TAT Loft contended, that if the Corporation
form ? every one cried out, " Yes !" Should you had a right, they had also a duty to express their
add, then 'how far should it go ? not one would opinions on the late alarming proceedings. If in
agree. This was what always rendered him afraid the moment of public danger the people did
of innovation. Ile apprehended danger and dis- not lay their sentiments at the foot of the throne,
order from time designs of Radical Reformers—he the Prince must necessarily fall into the hands
feared their object was to withdraw the allegiance of those who surround him, and whose lute-
of the people from their Sovereign, and to hold up rest it in to keep from him the language of
to the vengeance of their followers all who dared truth. He hoped Gentlemen would consider
to hold a political opinion different from their own, the situation of the country ; if the military
Ile could not support the Resolutions, and wits .
are once allowed to trample upon the peos
not afraid of the result that day. lie should never pie, and to disperse by force a legal meetin,
he one of those who abandoned their duty to their what security had they for their liberties, or what
Sovereign—he should never assist in pulling down meeting, however innocent, or even laudable,
the pillars of religion, or placing its teachers in a would be permitted ?—in fact, the act amounted to
contemptible point of view. an overthrow of the Constitution itself. But he was
Mr. James censured the throwing of impute.'
glad to see the spirit of the people roused to
tious so precipitately on the Manchester Magi. resist aggression, and to defend their liberties.
senors. He alluded to the different reports, which.
It was s7iid that they had nothing before them
lie said. were given of the affair of Manchester—one but newspaper reports; but surely the leading facts
part of the press gave one description, und another were not denied, they were admitted even by the
part of the press gave quite an opposite account of Government press. At all events, the Court only
it. It was said that the soldiers were sent amongst asked for inquiry,they only wished for investigation.
the people, and that great mischief was committed.
and this upon no principle of fairness could be
But who caused the! mischief ? Did the Magistrates resisted.
semi down the military for the purpose of sabring Mr. Alderman SCHOLEY said a few words in a
the people ? No man in his senses would say they
low tone. We understood him to say that the tic-
id. He brlieveil that the cavalry acted in mere
counts from Manchester were contradictory, and hi
retaliation, and that they were excited by the gross
the absence of evidence he would vote against the
conduct of the mob. He insisted that the Court
Resolutions.
could not come to any decision—thee should have
Mr. BROOKS rose amid cries of " Question !"
more facts before them—and unless it was their in-
He said, he would state a fact which he had good
tetition to attack the Ministers of his Royal Highness,
reason to believe. It was this : the yeomanry
they would want fur facts. He hail good reason to
cavalry were not the persons who attacketd_ the
believe, that the Magistrates would street have been
people at all, fur that attack was made by • re-
thought of, if it was not intended through them to
glinted of dragoons.—(Cries of "No! no. P—
l— the Ministers of the Crown. He considered
Mr. WILLIAMS said, he felt it a duty he owed
the Meeting at Manchester not legal; certain it
to hie own character and feelings, to state the rea-
was, that bills of indictment had been found
sons w I h induced him to give his vote—he car.
agntatit persons who called that lteeete iig whether
nc
taittly felt it his duty to support the Resolutions.
they would be convicted remained to be proved. The Ministers thought fit to advise the Prince Re-
of the Magistrates and cavalry at Manchester,
and gent to return thanks to the Magistrates for the
still more the high approbation which followed, as manlier in which they acted ;in doing so, they
one of the most daring and dangerous attacks that !prejudged the question, and they outraged the best
had been yet made ott the undoubted right of the feelings of the public
people to meet and to petition. Looking calmly , the Constitution, and. He was a real friend to
he disliked as much as
others, the men who styled themselves Radical
upon the transaction, it was imPoseible. for any mats
!Reformers. The' questions. which the assembly had
to say that the Magistrates had acted short use the

11.,11. Gentlrtnin had said, that tilt to were on ;aids
before the assembly. Ilrhen the Hon. Gentleman
bed so confidently asserted this, he (Alderman \V.) !
expected to find that h.: see furnished with nbuil-
dant proofs on the other side ; be thought that the
Hon. Gentleman was prepared to *hew that the
Riot Act V/214 regularly read—that the people had
sliewn a disosition to violate the public peace—in
fact. that enough let I been dime to warrant the in-
terference of Inc mitt try. But the lion. Gentle-
Ileum did not attempt to say so. It was *aid that
the Resolutions went to prejudge the question;
but an Ilan. Frieod of his hail forcibly and truly
said, that tlee. Prince Regent had prejudged it, by
thanking the Alag•strater and the cavalry, whose
comfort the public much condemned. An
flan. Gentleman said, that it was not fair to call
on him to decide upon the silbject. No nue asked
him to decide upon it. All th4t the Resolutions
called for was auquiry--on inquiry into atrocities
against the lives anti liberties of Englishmen.
Another Gentleman (Mr. Browne), who had talked
of the ignorance and want of discernment of the
people, had sheen a remarkable want of discern.
meta himself—he amid that the Court were too nice
and tun confined in their sympathy—that it only
extended to four or five hnpdred persons.—(Here
Air. Browne exclaimed, se I said so sack alibis.")
—The svoithy Alderman resumed; he said the
Hon. Gentleman might reply to his arguments. but
he had taken down his words, and he was as certain
_•

now to consider were, let, Was the ineetin4 legal ?
—Odly. Did the people conduct themselves peace-
ably ? As to the legality of the meeting, he did
not see how it could he queationed. To hold
public meetings for the re Tress of grievancere
or of' entriersed.
,grievances, was the ancient
and undoubted right of the people 'f England ;
and, for his own part, he greatly lamented that
people of consequence do not more frequently
attend those meetings—they would he received by
the people with respect and suff ranee—anal it' the
people were wrong, they would have an opportunity
pf chewing them their error. If it 'vas ohjec;ed !hat
large bodies of the people met—that 60,000 of
them assemble together in the ripen air—yet how
otherwise could they act, when Magistrates, dead
to public duty and public shame, throw every ob-
stacle in their way, and refuse to let them asses.).
We in their ancient halls ?—( Load cheering.)
They assembled et Manchester peaceably, there
was no symptom of riot or disturbance of any kind
when they were ;attacked by the cavalry. For his
own part, had he been at that Nleeting, and lied
he a staff or a sword he would have struck the
ruffian to the earth who would have attempted to
molest him. He believed much of the ini.coialuct
of the Magistrates proceeded from fear, they seemed
to base been panic-struck, and where fear take. leis-
session of the mind vessels can no longer guide it.
In their panic, the Magistrates found a man who
took on him to swear that he believed the town was
in danger from the Nfeeting, and upon this a war-
rant was booed. He (NIG Williams) had it from
the mouth of a person of great veracity, and in a
high situation. who witnessed the whole transaction,
that in r•o place within the hearing of the people
was the Riot Act read, and that there was not the
slightest disturb:rime before the cavalry made their
appearance, rode in amongst the mialti!tele, and
cried out to seize the banners. He thought that
this was a sebject upon which they *toe bound to
address hit Royal Highness, and pea liapa it would
be better if the rubberier abstained (rum giving an
opinion, but merely declared that great mischief
had been done, and to pier fur an ample and au
immediate inquiry.
Alderman WAITIIMAN rose to speak in reply.
He said that the arguments urged monist the Resu.
lotions, if he might dignify them with the name of
a►guments, were so satiefectorily and so triumph-
'Holy answered by Gentlemen who preceded him,
that it was scarcely necessary for him to take up
much time by may observations in his real.•. lle
would confine himself within as narrow a compass
as possible. The little that had beet, said on the
other side must convince them how little coalil Ise
said against the Resolutions, how destitute of ail
argument were the apologists of the Mancliestes
proceedings—even the Hon. Gentlemen who de-
fended those proceedings must admit this rather
than let it be supposed that they were entirely des-
titute of talent. The Hon. Baronet (Sir William
Curtis) had given his decided opinion in favour of
the first Resolution—that Resolution was merely de-
claratory of the right of the people to assemble for
the purpose of expressing their opinions—even the
lion. Baronet admits the right of the people to
assemble; but of what value, he would ask, was
that right, if upon great occasons they were not
allowed to exercise it, if they were not to express
their opinions anion the flagitious proceedings of
Manchester ? Now, after a lapse of twenty days,
he would ask, upon what occasion of public danger,
or of public disgrace, were the Corporation to re-
cord their opinions, if not upon the present ? It
had been said that the facts were not before them,
that they hail only the contradictory reports from
newspapers. The 6rst account he reed of the Man-
chester proceedings was in the columns of a news-
paper remarkable for its subserviency to Minipters ;
even the account in that paper made his blood run
cold with horror, and all the subsequent accounts
he read even in the Ministerial Papers furnished
abundant facts to call for the present proceeding.
The broad awl important facts could not be denied
—that the people were sabred, that many were
wounded, that some were killed ; that women and
children were shamefully put to the sword and
trampled under the cavalry horses: these were facts
which are not and cannot be denied. But the
Honourable Baronet said that they should not at
present press for inquiry—and why ? Because the
Magistrates are described as persons of respect-
able character ; aud, even if they acted wrong,
etill they acted from good intentions. Such is
the character which the Hon. Baronet gave of the
Magistrates ; but the people he describes as rebels
and traitors ; he looks into their hearts, and feels
nothing but suspicion. He did not blame the Hon.
Baronet for being suspicious; he (Alderman W.)
was himself of that disposition ; he had often look-
ed upon the public conduct of the Hon. Baronet
with much suspicion and distrust.—(Laughter.)—
He did not see how the Magistrates could profit by
the character they bad received ; an atrocity of the
most disgraceful kind wus committed under their
eyes; and was it when men do a positive wrong that
their good intentions were to be applauded, and their
character to be held up to admiration ? But the
people, the inoffensive, defeucelesvoinermed, and
innocent people, who suet, peaceably met, to exer-
cise a constitutional right—Old ! these we►e rebels—
they met for objects of plunder and disloyalty.
The Hon. Baronet had made another charge
against the people. He stated that they were called
upon to meet the week before the massacre, for an
illegal purpose—they were called apou, but they
hail the good sense to postpone the meeting.
and to confine themselves to what was strictly
legal and constitutional. Were the people to be
exposed to military violence at legal meetings,
merely because the week before they had not held a
meeting for purposes which were considered illegal?
The lion. Baronet should recollect that the Con-
stitution of England pays no respect to perms. and
if any class of society were more entitled to atten-
tion, if ally class had greater claims than another
on public sympathy. it was the poor and the dis-
tressed. Did any Gentleman who heard him ever feel
the pressure of real distress ? Had any of them ever
felt what hunger was—or could bring before them the
sad and mournful picture of a poorman surrounded
by a famishing family—without employment, with.
out food, and almost without lope—could they not
excuie even the extravagance of people reduced to
this state—or were they prepared to my, that, when
the people met to petition the Prince, and to look for
a Reform in the Government, that they deserved to
fall under the merciless baud of military power? Au

. _
of them as he was of his existence. The Comore-
' tion did not sympathise with the onions wlsoc,ome
mated the atrocities complained of, because the
Government h•td taken them up; as a frieod of his
had strzngly put it, no holiest men amongst them
would wish to screen the guilty. If unprincipled
and atrocious individuals should conspire to set fire
to their ne4-,slitintirs' houses, end to overturn the
Constitutinii, they should not be screened ; and if
the fact was proved upon oath before the Chief
Magistrate of Logsdon, that it was the intention of
atrocious persons to fire the city and to murder all its
peaceable inhabitants, if such acts were sworn, why
was not the evidence produced ? Here was a conspos
racy of the deepest kind ; why were not the conspinos
tors brought to juati.a.? It could not be said that
any feelimoi of forbearance or lenity prevailed, fur
even poor newshaw kers have been dragged before the
seat of justice. as if they had been guilty of great
crimes against the laws of the country. The
worthy Alderman next observed, that he could out
but look with disgust on the abuse that was heaped
upon the people. No one could suppose that abuse
would answer their complaints ; far different
should be the void uot cf wise Ministers. The fact
is. that things have arrived to that state, that some-
thing must be done. Every thing ought to be
dime to satisfy the people. and to relieve their dis-
tress. If Gentlemen think that the people ought
not to be left in the hands of those who are styled
demagogues, let those who would wish to direct the
people learn to sympathize in their sufferings, to
respect their feelings, and to guard from violation
the constitution of the country. This (said he) is
the moment for men to act, who would wish to
protect their country from the MiStilka of slavery;
and he hoped that the decision of this day would
serve to rally round the Constitution men of in-
dependence and of honesty—who are auxious to
remedy what was injurious, and to preserve what
was valuable ; hut the most valuable and the most
sacred principle was that which they were called
upon to defend—the right of the people to hold
their assemblies for constitutional purposes; for
when this right is once invaded, the remaining
liberties of the people cannot long survive. The
worthy Alderman then said, that he ,had pur-
posely abstained from going into trite points on the
question of Parliaoientary Reform. He would not
go into the question of Annual Parliaments and
Universal Suffrage; but he might he permitted to
say, that some of the highest characters in the
country—men who held high offices under the
Crown. supported such principles—one of those
principles, that of Annual Parliaments, was ad.
vacated by the late Duke of Richmond. But what-
ever difference of opinion might prevail on these
points, one thing was certain, namely, that the people
had an undoubted right to meet and to express
their opinions ; if they are wrong, it would, in his
mind, be better to spew their error by fair argument,
than to expose them to military violence, to atro.
cities which cannot he endured, until the pride and
liberties of Englishmen shall be no more.
After the worthy Alderman concluded, the (pea.
lion was lout, when, on a sliew of hands, there ap-
peared a great majority for the Resolutions ; a divi.
sion, however, was called for, when strangers with.
drew, mud there appeared—.
For the Resolutions—
Aldermen
Commoners
Against the Resolutions"
Aldermen
Commoners

MRjorily

17

Public anxiety manifested itself in the immense
crowd that for the greater part of the dav pressed
wetted GniWWI. ‘Vlien Alderman Waithroari
was retiring, he was loudly cheered. The boil'
Mayor remained a considerable time after the Court
had risen; the crowd in the hall, however. remain-
ed firm, as if they were waiting for h:s Lordship,
and when he appeared in the hall, he was assailed
with loud groans and hisses.

Mr. CANNU4G and his family arrived st Frank.
fort on the 30th of Augu►t.
- - - -

A few days ago it was reported, that the letters
from London, of the 13th July, to Gibraltar, hail
fallen into the hands of the Spanish Guerillas; and
we now find that the mail of the ,27th of the same
mouth had not arrived as usual, overland, and it
was apprehended it hod shared the same fate.
Extract from a letter, dated Buenos Ayres, 9th
June:—" Lord CotnRANE has captured a Spanish
merchant ship, with upwards of 200,000 dollars in
specie, and an American schooner from New York.
laden with warlike stores, sent by Don Dulls, the
Spanish Charge d'Affaires, to PaUELA, the Vice-
roy of Peru. The N'ice.Admiral was proceeding to
Payta, to look after the Cleopatra armed ship, and
some merchant vessels, which had takers bbelter in
ithat port. As there were no land f defend
them, it is believed that they will bee or de.
stroy:d." •

I E Burris-it PRESS.

LONDON.
FRIDAY. SCIPTFMBER 10, 10:9.

The Common Council of the City of Loudon

assena:aled yeatrrily, in pnraii3nce of a itrquiaition .
numerously and respectably Sigurd, for the purpose
of taking into its serious. censitieretion tlie
duct pursued by the Magiatriers usid yrotr.lnry of

Nlottcheger on the occasion of the ooldir Nicole.;
het., there on Nionday, the lGth of August. Toe
Court was mote than oruelly crowde,f, and the
immense multitude or Ireopie who collected to the

avenues of the Council Chamber, in the hope

being admitted to hear the debate, !unveil t 1 .e
lively interest with which tte qiiesiino of
I. viewed by the inhabitants of the, metrapo:ts„
What individual, indeed, not wholly devoid of

every generous sentiment, and capable of svpre-
chitin the vivid, thrilling touch of freedom, 4!,.v

not—when Ile reads the narrative of those rlremiftil

events, which are at ouce a stain upon our tion.n.-.1

character and a reproach to knanaantri—ororalni-v
_ _ . . .

with the unhappy sufferers. ierterimovi:xii un.ifgoo.
tion at the wanton outrage offered to diNstfastlto•
lions) rights of the people ?
The Loan Maioa hiving read the Requisition
convening the Court, endeavoured to stone for his
concession in yielding to the request of his fellow.
citizens, by expressing his contrition fo so great

weakness! We k.‘ow not whether his Lordsl,ip
believed that he magnified his claims upon Cie

gratitude of the Council, by thug noticing the

high price at which he wns to purchase it,
but we cannot avoid thinking flint t It.r.crr " re-
luctance" he may have felt to acquies,ce in the de-
sire of those who signed the Regni•ttton. it not. 41
have been more respectful to the (7°011(11, to. 7e

consistent with what he owed to his own charoc'=•.
and would certainly have evinced more prate:we.
Inid he concealed his sentiments upon this puiot—
particularly as the result skews that he did not p•r-
nrit himself to be influenced by them. It is pos-
sible ton, if such a consideration could have any
weight with him, that his popularity would not
have been injuriously affected by his silence np4ii
this point.
_ _ _

The subject for the consideration of the Council
was introduced by Mr. Alderman IV A 1T11,4•N with
very considerable ability and discretion. Carefully
and prudently avoiding every extraneous topic
which could he supposed to have been introduced
for the purpose of inflaming the imagination, or of
exciting prejudices, he addressed himself solely to
the judgment of the Council. and spoke of the
events at Manchester less in the light of individual
wrongs than of a great public outrage upon the
constitutiou. This is the light in which we hare
uniformly urged the propriety of viewing this
subject. The memory of the individual. who I.L;i
on the 16th of August may perish, the aiisaihnits
and the sufferers may pass away, and no Mace
re-
main to indicate the extent of the private injury
then inflicted—but what power can era.e the trios-
action from the public records of the colvary ?
There it must stand a monsitnetst of unnecrsoary
c Tetchy, and of intemperate zeal in support of :iia
unpopular Ministry. There, too, it must stand 111
a precedent, sanctioned by what we sincerely believe
to be an unauthorised use of the respected flame of
the Sovereign, encouraging and directing Leery fu-
ture friend to arbitrary power to assail the forms of
our free constitution,eveu by military violence, secure
in the approbation of the Ministers of the Crown ;
nor can any thing but the ecergetic determination
of the people to discountenance so flagrant an
outrage upon their clearest and most valuable
rights, prevent the certainty that this precedent
will, on every occasion that ofkrs, be pursued
with avidity and enforced with elTect. Rut we must
refer for the arguments of the to:I/eral speakers to
the very full renot t which will be found :it another
part of this Paper ; is will there be sei-ii that
energy and will were not wanted to deltaic' the
Magisttatea. In the arguments used oil either
side much novelty could not be expected, becaut4e„
as it so happened, that the facts connected v.“ it the
proceedings of Monday the 16th at Manchester were
very soon collected by the uncommon activity of
the public papers, and the desire which all men felt
of communicating whatever fell within their imme-
diate knowledge to the ordinary sources of intelli-
gence, the subject has been already pretty well
sifted in the public press. But we find that thus:-
in the Common Council who most strenuously ot.-
posed Mr.W A tTII,IA N's Resolutions, acknowledvi
that if the Meeting at Manchester were orderly awl
decorous, and if the Manchester yeomanry ward
with the ferocity ascribed to them, they could not
hesitate in acquiescing in the sentiments expressed
in the Resolutions. These Gentlemen. even in their
incredulity, have the feelings of Englishmen
they are unwilling to believe that their caontr:,•-
meet could have so wantonly steeped their 'words
its the blood of unarmed men, supplicating wattle...
and infant children ; they say that uo evide,ie
been adduced to these facts. and Alderman Ito ra-
WELL remark*, that the newspapers do not agr.e
upon the occurrences. But let the worthy Al-
dermen remember that those newspapers i,wee
upon the principal facts who have ao Sourest

\~

I
