!'~'


4
•

f.'

"hi theta le emaihate is OM most ',Mal mama t• the
illeMilidetines at the mmetheliso of the eserweby, sod to
as lhot the perogstles of the Crown as well as the
of She weds should remain inviolate. la ao en.
,eating the Cortes have et been Mile to (weed
Miltrilliensiaaditio as faros it woo seaseary. lOW toadopt oilier
Illesures; bet the Represestatives of the Dation arc shout to
efeemi•tilehle return to yar Majesty's mildew, in CO..
Wareelatrie4he resale of their obseastione, is order that
reek ,is year paternal love, may Aries to provide
folio aisittsof the oaten.
6 The disorder. its Armin are priscipolly occasioned by the
model of SOW of bee abject% bet the Caere, teasel es.
fray fres thisking elpit the (wader of your Majesty's Mi..
blare, has wee shard i• causing them, 'Weigh in as invo-
lves**, and isaiseat They will nut ceosore those
aloof the Government whieb it is Not their duty wow to es-
seism, sod with which they ore sot well sequaintle; they
gewere their ispeansus solely .a results which are notorious,
wit the erect which they have produced um public volume;
sad from those results they are of opinion, that by their
Ones Mariam have lost the creakiest* of the epeeist]
belies.
" The politic expectation disappointed as to the discovery
Mr soospireeten whom reality relit mil be disputed, the to-
talities of foreign agents ageism liberty and the garble, She
complaint" of the adesiondration of justice, the deplorable
*ale of she ireneer, the escertainty with respect to forego
stairs—all those things kept titer's minds es a roa'
eillionetiy, was neeseures not soelcieuily considered, ear ill
andeneksed, sofornoste loeidesis of which year Majesty is
ma igairrase, addle their weight to bitten, sorpiri..ts, 'si-
sals she passiess, sad Male discoed unwept • part of the
eighties.
'. Sane perms had their soothes for apprehensive, others
=to distorts sad censure the measures of Ouveroracit.
a all owes were sera la esquire the dismissal of
leonitiliers; to transgress the buns& of liberty in their ad.
*NON to • forgetfoloess of report, and eve to proceed
foes that forgesfelares to disobreireace. The imprudent
ware the era to soak liberty its tumult, sad sisareiry
sa Ines advastage of thee to rear Its fiightfel bond. A
WWI sootier of turbulent soil ambitious men aboard the
cesthithy of some rale, and precipi.sted them into Masbv
deism and poseable ail respectable rotas were enesiseed
sod oppremody eeireral astMritiee were forte to yield to
Ai Cations, sod the principles of real liberty sod good
order were dioregarderl sad asuelatossly abused.
. "At the anse time your Majesty is aware to what leogib
tie 'notes* of liberty iii writing and speakiee has bees ear-
ned se the part of thee who me doubtless salsa only to
Male It Gam e sad year lenjemy most agree with Mt
corm. that the laws is this repel have sot leers well coos
ed by thee who ere towered with that (sty.
" Tom Mojesty's Mislays Uwe sot socarlirel he refewen:
rig tam evils. as is wont evidest from the lineage. Is
•hieh your Majesty Ms ben pima to call fee die mom
ratios of the Caner Whaseree may hove ass the moss, the
feet is at to hr asked. The Curtis hare no rearm to
call is ommitirs the geed Weikel of Monsters ; they are
swore airy have not all a• equal share is the consplaiuts
which have beta made; bet ft ofies happens that good in-
tetras taloa, and Titles% ere sot .firmest to obtain elle-
AM' and samosa la sem Medlisiesi to twociliate esteem,
alienist which st is ineassitelaio teems • free In"itPle
" The aisle of thil saliva require a vigorous Adarioistviii
ties, which, inspiring Miry body. with perfect oratelenee to i
its keettedge, heal, patriotism. and Me ref ruble liberty, •
Say be able to assist your Majesty is mindere the mama. ,
soiree mess °pins's', cornetts( errooross immigrate,
appeeming hastimesoces. sod sterimbeeria the I.lsesea
*ief the Ina. The •ailurrity of the Tama itself, with Is I
esestly sod erramissly tafeseided with the penises I
(barged to trosimsit the orriens eisesteg free 11, team
_ghee, &mods It. And the Corn, to whom tar elm :
triers ploy sad the apleedusr of year Crows are so
dear has the liberty sad happiness of the berate i
p 4
Mhos they represest, would arm it • west of duty •
= es maim it Items to yaw Nurse, that Hwy, ties;
. y oweenseeed that the potent Admishersehre boo om l
Om tarot fora reemialte for the ascormal matiguseet '
at the goverment of this anon, end the sesistensma of
the %le sad preroastiew of the throat.
" Nathreal Oragero9, sointatird with the essedesee
Mapised by the reelisiaile which dwell is yaw royelesall,
mitalsine a hope that ,use elledeeiy, la the moredoll of
,jisse, power. will deign to take thee measure. Oath els;
mate pfthe.tiagam os imperiously re/wires; it peaam
lairod that your Meirely will ft:knowledge the leerily . if* the I
-IllibliekoMbreh dietats Ibis boialble declarable*. and that yaw
• allano eulereeis a *met of the eradineee of the therate is
aemperaie with the Lag is any lieu which nay Asada"
.tothaismaperity of Ake klusareky. 1
w
_ - illterid. Diseseher Is, lett."
, .11P11 Kat; hard the Add . 1
. • hasiag
gepappe-..“ I Melee your Message ; the lanteineos
o.oegt.ataportaat.... I shell take it lute eimaideme
time 7 ,
It 16 thoeght Iplo lfilsjesty will immediately sub-
. mit the Menage lo Ilir Council of State.
. TIIIMPA, atscrataaa so.
BMW the 11th of this atesoth au account of the
osensentatigo of the Sultan hss beet, its eirculetioi.
it aim appetite that it was a roomer invented for
the porpose of cowing a decliue in our funds. A
fell did in effect.take plait.. but stare yesterday the
w.faistio hare reloirered their former value. The priue
cited emnesermal houses here hod reenters from
Queolostiamde of November 29. who stale, that
no 4straordioary event bad tokru place iu that ca-
pital. careen. soine• Brea. • ander cover of which the
Asiatic Turks attempted to &oder some house. ice
the .ointar, but severe meemnop were put is forte to
manna. theta.
'Ate wet easoshied 4all:4lissa tabled at Belgrade,
bet the • Ifirtimo.declernegnar aplust the Perslasie
was the stile cease of that Aiessore, and of she
oatirly ehicb the inhabiteoU 'hewed oil that occa-
sion.
Lesser Wellachis has been evacuated by the
kinsuleseu troops, and the Turkish (*rootlets 01l the
/pastries side are as unprovided as tbry would be Mk
110141 of the most profound peace.
. A report has just begnalated that the Jeais.
series hod entered the he, soil carried elf the
piing Prince Abdo's!, Haasid. and that Maio( 111
their heads the precious pledge, they had com-
as/11a the Sultan to give them the heeds ref three
hi his blunders, smooget whom was Haled Effeadi,
tie Greed Stgitior's favourite.
. The date of November 211. which this lest ac-
covet hears. is sufficient to contradict it. 'Tis
Ito ! the details of the melodrsuse were well coo-
mired.
ottani. DICIIIIIILIt §.
We Imre the following wartieuters relative 411ase
• lots aegentatione of Coast Leine, mud Lurgi *Mir
‘ . lord et Geoseinanseple, hum good sethenty 1.0.:., •
4ii the led of November. M. de Lateees• hod
eft interview with the tie* litria-Effeitdi, to pre-
melee of the new Biala-Bey, or Minister of the
Sotevier. is a house situate between Peru Dud Os-
Ma. The Aisettiso lesersuocio spoke otiosely its
tenon of the ftershutufehrserem, and esidetivesieed
ts induce the Porte to adopt pacific revetutions.
Tbe Keit-Nish eapliii that the Porte *evict not
-----:.----A ' ,of Mulder sad W.I.

.1‘..).e, • 49.NDQN, 7,1
SATURDAY, Lurvaav a, tug.

We have received Paris Papers of Monday easil
Tuesday last. It world seem thst the King fil
' Sestm is resolved so assume sn air of indegisgslitime,'
and to try the force of his authority
power even of the Cortes. We hope tlpridisellegigss
has not miscalculated his strength, or-immle ma.;
judicious selection of the hour for this ei at, int
should he persevere in his apparent isstenfialo of re-
sisting the wishes of the Cortes, the consequences
must Hof • mature se embarreesiug to the blowers.
silent, that it is improbable be would ever think of
embarking is such a struggle unless he thought
him.elfjustilled by his prospect of success io
lool-
ing forward with indifference to a civil war.

'Our readers are already aware that the Assembly
it the Cortes having take* into its consideration the
Report of the Committee upon the state of the na-
tion, aveutually concurred in the Resolutitio of the
Committee respecting the expediency of en name.
mediate change in the Cabinet. Au Address of the
Comes to this effect was ordered to be presented to
hi. MAJUTT, and the Deputation waited opou the
KING on the 40th of December ; but as it was not
asassuiced to his &Until's' according to the forms
prescribed by law, he refined to receive it at that
time, bet appointed the following day for the per.
pose. This circumstance is said to have caused a
great 'emotion in the capital, and it undouhtedly
does not istauirest ■ very **slow desire upon the
part of the Kiso to cultivate the friendly diapaGia
tioe of the Cartes. The Depotatiou, in perm.
once of the. Rico's appoiotomut, attended at the
Palace ois tbe %t.t, whea the Address of the Cortes
was read to hint. The Ktuo's answer was teat very
racism : it coutaiued rase of the usual expres.
sioas of esteem and condi/anew towards the Kepre.
seutetives of the Galion, near did it betray' yny
partiois of that extreme dili.lence is his owe
iliscretioo or humility towards the Cerlesa which
prompted his Ms./arra uw the occasion of the
last change in the Cabinet to retitem the As•
sembly to assume the exercise of the royal
prerogative, and to choose his Ministers far

R_,

clamour sad of •erety oppositioo. and that he has
again refused their voluntary resignatiou. This
conduct would soon bring on the crisis which all
dread—a quarrel between lae Kipa and the Cortes,
in which the balance of power between the con-
leading parties cannot be preserved by the inteesc;
'motion of • third estate, and 'where. consequently..
the succesiof the one must ioevilubly ensure the
overthrow of the utbei.
In the mean time, as no improper aecomaai-
ment to the coarse of events in Madrid. we are+ told
that to the -nortli.eastern provinces of 'Spain there
exists an armed force that his-assumed the impos-
ing title of the Army of the-Faith;' and that it
already amounts to more than 3,000 men. A spirit
hostile to the revolution is said to evince itself in va-
rious places,and Pompeii's's is represented as being
in consequence of this feeling the sector of much
serious disturbance... There is a singular, if not a
suspicious coincidence between these Occurrences,
.std the K ma's unwonted display of resolution and
iudependence. They portend to Spain intestine wars
with all Jbeir concomitant miseries ; but we doubt
titat when in process of time the Peninsula
shall lave li.onk deep of this cup, and when its his-
tory shell have to record crews bearing too close
resemblance to those which have devastated the
neighbouring country, the reel criminals will coolly
turn round end attribute all the sufferings of Spain
to the revolution, and to those who in the night of
her slavery wrought nut with their swords a passage
for the day-si,oriog of their country's freedom.
The accounts through Vienna from Constenti-
nestle are of so late a date as the 49th of Novem-
ber, and as these are wholly silent upon the sub-
ject of the preteuded insurrection of the Jeuissaries,
they falsify. by inference, the report of the revolts-
tiou, and of the death of the Sultan. It is,
indeed, 'dallied in the. Vienna papers, runt the
report originated in that city fir the purposes of
stock-jobbing. The Turkish capital, however, has
not enjoyed undisturbed tranquillity ; excesses of
the worst character have been committed, and the
fears of the Christian inhabitants have beets kept
constantly alive by the frequent -bursting% end
plunder of houses.. The death of Haled Effendi,
the obnoxious favoUrite of dial Grand Seignor, is
again mentioned. The head of this person, sad
those of two Ministers, are said to have been thrown
to the Janiesaries; but the report is discredited is
the very moment of its utterance. The Turks seem
still resolved on war, The English Ambassador,
Dot deterred by the ill success or his former itego-
ciations with the Porte, but being still desirous to
preserve the peace of Europe, and the Turks them-
selves from inevitable destruction, offered a further
memorial of advice and remonstrance to the Divan,
but ou the nth the Reis Effendi caused it .to be
returned. This, might be• considered as almost i
tantamount to a declaration of war, and it is rill
bible that in this light it is esteemed by ell pirtisd.l
Rem cneurnstance, indeed. alseady bears the it*-!
'rem ifs warlike dispositmaili The Turkish 99- •
',eminent has advanced fresh vim* to Jassy, and.
the Russian artillery, has crossed' to Dniester 'elk
:advanced towards the Pruth. . •!


A Flanders Mail arrived last night with Papeca
from Brumels to the gel instant. They give, under
the head of Seralin, a new ♦ersion of the reported
insurrection at Chnisiantinop, The account of
the relations between Ru►sia end Turkey is of a
hostile character. The following are extrActs
.11.414 N, occurs:it 13.

Respecting the events which look place at Cosetautimple
ea the tea sod Bath November, .tin Solloirisg somouts are
In tin-Malawi mime yesterday at Beimarleithe troth of whin,,
however, we cannot weasel. The capital of the Turkish E*.
pire, which was thrown into great ogitiotion by the siowiersoe
troops from eli growlers, sae Sited sib terror on itOth No-
'ember by a great Ire, by which a third part of the suburb. is
said to have bees rotated to ashes. The he/Wearies, who were
probably the authoreelf 11814111104 'ere stated to have forced
their way into the SetagetklAiiiii to have turn from his father
the only scion of she lasimehil Family, the Prince Abdul
Rams! (bora 6th March, IRIS). It is probable that teMien
were entertained for the Siloam's life io this violent
which .was attended with
.bloodshed, and hence the pro
of his having been mardered was at the lest mowse
generally credited, even is the capital. Flushed with,theii
omens in seising the Prince, the Janissaries are said ,le
heospercreptorily required from the Bekaa, es se
pensable condition, that he florid Jelifiee op theca of his fitio
Osiers, one of whom is Haled gffeniii, whs b gem/ally bated,
and also that their Deputies stasld preside in the Dim...—.
These accounts received at Belgrade, which come doles to
the lit December, leave an doubt that Sultan afahnsoird Is
still living; hat it may he easily conceived is •lotas
easy *lovelies he Gads himself. Acceseis skids comedown
Sib Dee. have been received by empress as Belgrade from
Ascordies to these the Turks bad really boot foe some
days I. poissenekin of the miter fortifications of Camandra,
where the Greeks suffered them to enter without striking •
Mow, out of stratagem, as it is said, which afterwardorest
the Turks who had entered their lives. In she Morro affairs
are favourable to the (Leeks. The celebrated Churechirl
Paths is said is have bees defeated star Thermopylae, sad
flmtgoltnot is bore shred large sums for the memos of Lie
hares, token is Tripolisna by the Cirrekeybat on receiving •
refusal (free Demetrius TpOlseti), to bare suddenly disap.
geared —(4llporierne Ziff uisg, DetwaLer *5)
v!AwicroßT, Decants 04.
The reports are all warlike here fur some days pod. All
Isinemercial

die Gams). i► Chief Of the wake of the to Mid
west.

sainetts, OIQM/lR IM.
All the sews frogs the Nara received tti-day, male pd.
lively that oar beiweea Mimi' sod the Porte is decided oa ;
but ootolthaisadine lie reports that have bees several times
lAreatated, It Is cartels the twiddles bad oat yet essiresced
1b .d the Pretb.

New York 31*pm to the 10th last have been
received. Both Houses of Congress were occu-
pied in the usual preliminary forms, before enter-
ing upon any topic of legislative discussion. lu
the House of Representative*, on the 0111 ult. a
resolution proposed by Mr. Moose, " to prevent
duels among the persons employed in the civil,
military, and navel eerviceof the Visited States,"
was adopted.

. We have received German Papers to the 16th
lest, extracts from which are gives in oar precediog
columns.

The Duhlia Papers of the ttd instant have ar-
rived. They represent the disturbances in the
south of Ireland es having nearly subsided.—The
LUID MAYOII has lamed a Prnelarnatioo for go-
petal illumination. in honour of the Marquis Wu.-
LOLLY. The. Dublin Papers have made som•
jest-observations upon this subject. They lees
to think his Lordship expects it will help to light
his on his way to s Baronetcy.

There wasulittle fluctuation yesterday tootling
in the Funds,* the Stock Exchange. They be-
gun at 774, rad went down to 774, but got up
again to 7114. The dividends will not be paid to
the public wail Wednesday.

•
The Kies is expected to return tb Carlton Po.
lace on the tat of February. It is said that his
MdatliTlf will not reside permanently iii tows., but
will occupy, during the summer mouths, his favou-
rite college iu Weudenr Great Park, and corn, oca
carioually to the metripoler, as State affairs may
re qu I re.— ( yen fag Paper.)
Extinct of a letter from Batorits, Aagast let—
" The great end astonishing martian, which has,
until three few days, attended the inhabitant" oT
this irtaud. natives as well as foreigners, and which
raged more rioleolly in the eastern parte than d
Batavia, is calculated so have carried off 400,000
person., •isd in such uumbere daily that they welt
obliged to tumble the bodies by alit-loads into large
holes end curer them indiscriminately ; but it has
now entirely subsided."
Antigua Papers hove arrived to the 14th Noreen-
ber. from which we extract, the following
Irmo die Angora Amiator of October 11.1
Sir S. F. Wtiltilanhats. Oweensee Doothdes, soweets•l •
the two brsorbee et the Lespal*Sawe a/ ilan Ides* tot lb, Sib ;
homes sad soottoored bis lesiva olot•te *IA Vine
111114,
to pear;ord la Hs sopiaintionst to ebe
• • [From the XI. Jake* Reffefer I f.4•ltetpkyr 0..
Sir ltslph Woodford is eserti bltlfAil
islasd of Trosldoil a omega Irnst-p Aet,PriPre
'luny Imparniell uesidieestilits IMAM, ilstildlaticy IVA
.Noised to tart allberld. "en ie be rates .
'previous to the airawilthol of the British Par*
Plalne•Gteerst 1011orray, Lletiteosoi.fiowereer •
bee susrended sod removed Ur. Serjeatit &mak hem Sorra.
eteise of President of the Hoottorible Cain tid Critaioif
sod Civil Justice of that Culsoy, asdaApolatellthe Wit. A.
'Vac /tyke!) Groat (Senior Meek* of the sold Coork)..fro
'serene the (title' les, et Preddeat, 'Slit teeth!, 0rd5e0.,,..
Sir Sanest WlAttiogbest, Governs( of Potairsion, pee
MegaisflOrlisok 0.
Early tit Mondry morning (Vat ult.) the 4th
refitment of light dragoons marched from Rumford,
for Tilbury Fort, to embark for Bombay, They
were about 700 strong, flue young men, pickad
from their own mud the 181 b and /pth regiments
(recently ;educed). with recruits from the neigh-
bourhood : they were attended by their band, and
were cheered lay.the inbabitents upon quitting the,
loan.—(Chelmsford !Chronicle.)
D 0 the sth of September wan caught a eon-!
pigeon near to the Isle of France, is the [wheal
Woos. with the following iuscnpetoo -lied to MI
• " Tar wee the Seery Per at am
Sad where you owe Way Ind It ;
Whatrire, ease per Alp Nosy be,
Please write bee emote behiod
• " Sri( deter, Captain Itabertlaith, at sea, kit. 54. Is.
.sash, hoig. S. west, frost &tees Ayres, brood to Lan.
.don. This yll 40 00terosia the ketones sod easrus
war 5y free ibis omit it may be caught; wed yen wilt *b-
low we by lore/gift It io the pettlie pepers.—Geerge tosnl."
This bird war caught in the American ship ifsieless
from Calcutta bound to Philadelphia, mud sensed
lint week et Liverpool from Philadelphia.
ConsTs or ANTlttal.—Vie anderstrod thane.
fill`Duita tut, of Glenarm Cootie, is now, and.hos
been, fur the lore week, engaged tarn mast Wire
canvas' of Om county ; sod that it is so longer
ma/ter or doubt that the honour of representing the
county of Antrim is likely to be warmly contested
with Lord BidUCilaMP.—(Preemeat's JON raal.)
The Nuremberg Correspondent contains a letter
from Pere of 10th November, of which she follow-
ing is nn ramie' :

There one slimy* three tittle few which Pant treadbistit
Fires the Osseo; sod popular Wombs. We an oat •
vnioneat sure that we shall not be visited by all those evils at
*Orr, 10 *hack sac ease is rattail,. Nay, we are threateited
•ii•• • fourth, witch we foraterty hod so regain t her,
marsistly. famitie. The Number of people cooties's to he.
am«e by the arrival vit' the Atiatles,. sod it is to Itelsonlid
that all tie otegozieee of peweisiowe asearbet
the neatest rare hoe always been tubes is Osa.
stautinople to keep thins lilted. Wheat*, seder psi
eireowsiosses shall supplies be dream fee the daily 4
of 6 atillins of people ? Wallsehia sod Pidoklevia 1:1=
waste, and the Torkisk troops there destroy every thing.
The counonaiestion with Eqpt to cot oir by ihe Greek pi-
"awes. Oa Odessa we mown &peak sod it is teem
swine(' that the 1t0616111116 will prohibit eapersalieet.' If
. -
