THE BRITISH PRESS.

•
feel it necessary to refer ; and this eau is rendered important by the 'etizrants in his life. Thus then were these unhappy men etesmd.
interposition of a Bishop, rather than by sly intrinsic merit of in I at' to the gaol at Ayleebury, without evew being apprised thit they
own. It occurred in the town of Welling mrough, in Northam's- ware entitled to appeal, or that they might be held to bail t there
tonshire. and -relates to the tolling of a bell. I confess I approach th ty were confined for a whole month, in common with the basest
this subject with somewhat of amusement, blended with intermit. I te one ; amongst convicted thievesof the most abandoned character
will not now go into the history of bells, from theirearliest intro- i nay, more, they were sentenced to the tread-mill, and kept at
duction into England ; nor is it necessary to explain to you, that ' had labour there, though during the time one of them was afflicted
on the Continent bells have been of so much importance, that with spitting of blood. Their papers were seised upon I their md.
. Kings have attended at their consecration to godfather them. They nett was taken from them, and by means of it the expenses of send.
donut now possess the charms they possessed in the darker ages; ing them to prison were defrayed. So soon as my excellent friend. 1
for then, at their sound, the spirits of darkness fled away, and on the eldest son of the Karl of Carrington. hearth of this piece of es-
them depended whether the thunder-cloud should burst, or pass off clesiastical tyranny, he that moment rode twenty miles across is
to a distant hamlet. Those times of bigotry and superstition are no Aylesbury, determined that, in his county at least, no oppresses,
more, and no such power is attached to the sound of die passing . should be practised with impunity. He went immediately to the
bell; but the kindly part of the ceremony still exists, and in most Attorney who had been employed; he used every exertion that
places, when Dissenters pass away from this scene of turmoil was possible, though without being able then to ••assa skit Alma-
and of bustle, the bell toils, and lulls some of the agonised feelings tion, but he was determined that, if possible, it mew deishilbe
a the hearts that remain. To the parish of Welliegborough, said that in his county tyranny should go unpunished. lamsdleedy
however, came a clergyman of the name of Wilson, who thought on my being made acquainted with the case, 1 sent a person down
proper to interfere with the usage of sixty years, and to issue his to Aylesbury to investigate the circumstances, and my intention,
'orders that no bell should toll when a Dissenter expired. The under advice, was to apply to the Court of King's Bench for a writ
Canon provided diet there should be four ringing/ of the bell—one of Habeas Corpus. 11 hen Alt. Lowndes discovered that we were
before death, one on death, one at the burial, and one after the determined to resist, and likely to resist with success, he let pm-
burial. In the partictilar case to which I allude, the Dissenter was duncetake the place of passion—he let the men out of gaol—he, the
interred in the Dissenters' burial ground, and therefore there might committing alagistrate, having power to do so. It was long before
have been some colouring for the refusal to toll the bell. But this their papers were returned to them, and as to their money they
clergyman stepped forward, and in a letter, a copy of which I have never received a shilling of it front that time to the present—
hold in my hand, declared that when he came to the curacy be had yet all this, Gentlemen, has been perpetrated in England—in
resolved never to permit the bell to be rung on the death of a Dis- Bucks—not in the remote district* of Wales or of Cumberland,
center, whether that Dissenter was buried in his own or the church but within a short &Mace of London ; and yet for any interference
ground ; nor would he permit this bell to be rung cm the marriage in such a flagrant caner this, lam called a meddling attorney ! Con.
of a Dissenter : yet they compel a Dissenter to go there to be mar. mast what has been eye redact under existing circumstances with
vied • and at the moment when all is festivity and joy, when man what would probably have lam theirs had they been placed in our vi.
should he cheated of his " troublous thought," when all the dowers tuition. Contrastererfflebserenea with their uncompromising severity.
should be collected and bound with the times and the myrtle in one Observe how they overbore and preaeribe the timid and the weak,
wreath—at such a time this deputy of Ithadamanthus would but Low silent and subdued ete they when confronted with those
turbid the merry bell to ring, because a Dissenter was about to be who undermend their own rights., and are determined to vindicate
married. In this instance en appeal was made to the Bishop of them. When lino the committal of Mr. Lowndes came to be ques.
Peterborough, who wrote a long letter on the subject, and de- Honed, the Establishment took a high tone—their conduct was net
tended the conduct of this aVellingborough curate. I have taken to be animadverted on—all that they did was to be regarded en
the opinion of some eminent men on this question, and I find that sacred,—the lustre of their high name was not to be sullied by the
the right of a Dissenter to the two first ringing. is utiautationable, disgrace of a prosecution. Therpubscribed—largely subscribed is
but that it is not so clear as to the two latter. Yet we contribute to escape the threatened danger. They. *moth I would not Mow
rear those edifices, we pay tithes, and to their churches we must Mr. Marshall to be prosecuted. Bet • short time sufficed to mods.
attend to be baptised, and there too we must attend to be mirried, rate their haughty tone: they we-
'
unless we ore satisfied to live in a state which 1 would by no means terms we were willing to let 11,
recommend—a state of cheerless celibacy . and in their church. us to forego the triumph which
yards too, unless we happen to have one of our own, we must de. never was an occasion that would
posit the ashes of those we hold most dear; and yet they would overweening or vindictive spirit.
withhold from us that public token of esteem which they would we desired a triumph, we could
not withhold from the most worthless( or most base. I have and decisive manlier. But such s..
stated the (minion I have procured to be that the Dissenters are set our enemies a living example
certainly entitled to the two first ringirgs mentioned in the Canon, was unknown to them. Y --
but that it is not equally certain as to the two teat. Now in on the side of lenity, and
a Court of Justice it is difficult to say how the question would indulgence to those who had
go, bemuse there is nothing connected with us in which Ministees sure of harshness and severity
of the Established Church would not interfere. But if the will of to imitate their evil example,
a Clergyman is to be the law, and on his dichim is to deseend terms which you perhaps will t
whether or not the death of a parishioner is to be declared by from them no more than a publ,.
the tolling of the church bell—l say, that if the proadest and the amount of the expenses incurred,
the best Peer in the country seek to be buried in the chapel of his viands to be paid to the parties in:-
ancestors, it will be in the power of any Clergyman to refuse to will be satisfied—that you will '
hint the tolling of this bell. It becomes the duty of the Legis. mated by a hymni-like spirit t
lature to watch narrowly such pro:ceilings as those to which and undistinguishing appetite.
I allude, and not to suffer the addition of one fragment of the lion, who, conscious of vu
to the power those people are so desirous to extend. I ostentatious display of it. Wise
have now to notice another circumstance; it is one in which a forgot not the Christian princii
father applied for parochial relief for his child ;he was a Dissenter, The public apology made by the
and he was therefore told that unless his sick child went to the Wilke then read frosts the Bucks
workhouse, no relief would be afforded him. The child was sick, Wm. Marshall, which, after -
and the mother could not bear to part with her pale and sickly MI- and imprisonment of Horner.
spring from her side, while in the bosom of the hither there was a writer acted under the influence
'park of honest English independence and good feeling, which regretted the consequences of
shrunk from the idea of permitting his boy to become the inmate of ing in Bucks, I detailed to the
a parish workhouse. He retained the child, and he struggled on and excellent condutt of the ••
through his misfortunes without the aid which his parish ought to most truly told them. that it •
have afforded him. Ile was it is trues poor man, and a very hum. crowd to the hustings in his sub
ble nee, but I can tell those who rejected his petition, that it is have votes for that county, 11'e
the heart and not the habiliments that make the man, and I would and to enjoin you to act under
rather have had the feelings of that obscure individual than those wards this young Nobleman,
of Kings and Princes who have stalked to thrones through seas of does, fill the breasts of all who ,
blood. There are some other subjects to which I must now allude. 'f here is one other circumstance
01 e gentleman has applied for advice to this Society from a place is of considerable imttortance,
eta distant a. Malta, and thus the Society has become there known. cannot allude to it without as.
But from the West Indies, and from Canada, where, amid blished Church should have sO .
eternal frosts and lengthened wastes, the demon of Superstition them had affected to doubt whether
rears its head, to us persons have come appealing for justice. were entitled to be married in 0-
The case lam alluding to is that of Lieutenant Dawson, a gentle- able case occurred at Langan,
man of high character and conn who had been in the army parish, David David, was to
from his earliest days, and who had fonght the battles of his belonged to the Society of Rapti
country in many $ land. In the year 1821 he was stationed at celebration of the marriage the
Malta. I have stated that he was • man of family anti of character, Another for the time filled 1
but above all ke MSS a man of principle, and he held the dictates banns had been previously
of his conscience superior to every other mandate. He was directed thought proper to intimate I
on a particular day, a day of festivity, dedicated to the patron none to which the individual
saint of the island (for though Malta is under British dominion it no objection. The father of
is a Catholic country, and there Catholics enjoy, and they ought to some difficulty existed on a
enjoy, the free exercise of their religious rites and ceremonies,) to brought up ma Baptitt,waited
pay a salute to the procession of this saint as it passed by. I, who ascertaining his unentions.
seek for toleration, or rather I, who lea h toleration and seek for home, he happened only to
liberty, complain that a Gentleman, a Protestant, who, with the upon the occasion, gave it a
conscience of a member of the Church of England, read in its deny marriage is en nobantised
homilies, and finding there that many of the ceremonies of the custom still prevails, one which
Roman Catholic Church is idolatry, should have been cost. among the Germans of his de
mended to cause the bells to ring, and a salute to be fired, wedding of all the inhabitants
because a procession moved upon the day dedicated to the is called a bidding, and loin-
patron Saint. With this order Mr. Dawson declined to comply, and secret way in which
and his Captain also refused ; the Mnjor who commanded amongst the upper ranks in t
did not insist on their compliance, but gave the order in their tab. which I have seen, the neighbm
sense, and the bells were rung and the salute was fired. lie gave are at the same time request(
in to the scruples of those men who had bared their bosoms and offerings of butter and cheese.
had fought when England waged a war with her enemies. The wedding of David Davide
Lieutenant and the Captain were however summoned before a neighbours wets assembled
Court-martial, the President of which was a Roman Catholic; they happy occasion. They were
were found guilty, and the sentence was costumed by the Judge alt was gladruss anl delight—t.
Advocate at home. The Lieutenant and the Captain were both c one winding down the mountain
cashiered, and the Major was severely censured for his lenity. It fond remllections to the days of •
seems then, that in performing his duty an English officer must the anticipated delights of
forget the claim, of conscience; and that if he be so commanded he Thomson says, " the maids
must hail a sacrifice to Budhoo, and sanction the horrid murders mother of the young bride, v
committed under the pretence of religion. I have no passion for self on the happy occasion .
arms ;I do slot think any war except a defensive war can be mon. mother had worn years before,
cited with the principles of Christian charity. Before Igo to war, bride; the old father displayed (
I will wait till the enemies of my country tread upon its shores; I and his silver buckles of still s
will then advance to meet them, and advance unarmed, except by end glee; every countenance k
my single muscle; I will wrest the arms from the first enemy I heart beat high with happiness
meet, and I will join my countrymen in the war. There are a few out ; hope would have been
other circumstances to which 1 shall allude as briefly is pos. were it not for the malign
sible. I have been called a meddling attorney. I have been Clergyman of the Established
assailed with obloquy, and I must defend myself. The parti. 'this person had been Nevi
culars to which I shall now shortly advert occurred on the 29th of bouts, " Come to church t
July last. On that day, two persons, of decent appearance, respec. In conformity with his intent,
tally (Insecd in black, with nothing unclerical in their exterior, , term it, he. instead of being
nothing improper its their demeanour, waited on the Rev. Wm. seated in the large pew ben(
Marshall, a Clergyman of the Established Church, in the town of ding party came to the
Newport.Pagnell. There these poor people introduced themselves that the young couple came ti
into the presence of the Vicar of the parish, and in the course of tended bride, said, " Mary
their conversation, presented to him a book, containing the names and receiving an answer in the s
of subscribers towards the erection of a dispel for the use of the not marry you." " Not mare:
teeneral Baptist Revivalist's Society. They stated to him that girl, with a deep :sigh. Iler
they had been deputed by the good people of that Society, to collect against her conscientious scut
auls:riptions for the purpose stated, and they then mime to solicit hesitated in such a case. Tht
his aid. In doing this they certainly were not aware that they not marry her unless she were bo
were in the presence of the Clergyman of the Parish ; but even said he, you had better be t
though they had been apprised of such a circumstance, they, Die- still her principle of religious
senters as they were, did not imagine themselvesguilty of much stoutly for ascendancy. She sat
presumption in approAehing the presence of a man, some of the tised if she could be immersed.
highest members of whose establishment had not disdained for that," said the clergyman.
to hold intercourse with such men as Watts and Doddridge. could endure this mockery no
Mr. Marshall, however, thought proper to reject the example of his nantly interfered. I think 1 •
more liberal brethren, and to treat with contempt and severity boiling in his veins. " Ni,.
those who deserved neither at his hands. Ile turned on them as this—your purpose is to dissolve
enemies of the Establishment, and told them they ought to be put mit to it." The clergyman tb
down. On meeting such a rebuff, they naturally wished to with marry the parties. They It
draw—they desired to retire in peace, but even that poor privile followed them to bring them
was denied to them. The constable and the churchwardens were am sure you will not condemt
sent for, and although lilt. Marshall admitted that they were not duty. lam sure that the fur,
impostors, yet he would have theist sent to prison ; for, as he said dulgence upon her indecision.
to them, " some of your people are supposed to have committed a amongst them who would ma'
murder somewhere or other, and you are therefore danger-me per. might demand. This hesitate
sons, and must not be allowed to go at large." Accordingly, they nation that she would sacrifice ,
were then taken up to the house of the Attorney, and there being enly hope on the shrine of prim
no Magistrate there, and none anywhere in the neighbourhood, ordinances of that faith in -
with the exception of certain clergymen of the Established Church s wretched state of society m
then engaged at a cricket match, those Reverend Divines were in of an individual ? The parts
consequence sent for to the cricket.ground, and one of them, a occasion,heavily returned tothm
Reverend Mr. Lowndes, being called upon, he forsooth signed the They reflected upon the penalt.
mittimus under which these unfortunate men were deprived of their Established Church, and piebald)
liberty and lodged in a common gaol. That, at such a place, such they would not be Diseente-
tyranny should have been perpetrated, is what you, in London, can upon religious feeling was
hardly conceive. You can scarcely itirm an idea of the atom and (timely a polite letter to the t
obloquy which in more remote places are heaped upon the heads of skated, and then I wrote
Dissenters In proof that these men were not impostors, and were me from the episcopal palace
entirely undeserving of the oppression which they endured, it seas tennined refusal. For a long
shown that they had signed the declaration and taken the oaths, were delayed, nor were they s-
and that to the book which they carried with them was signed the resident clergyman of the ,
name of Robert II all, of Leicester. (Applause.) There then, at that done to the feelings of tlin unom._
place, and upon those men, did that horrid mixture of the monkey a proceeding in the Eceledaeticam
and the tiger indulge its natural malice anti ferocity. will now against a clergyman sn a Court •
read to you extracts from the minutes of the examination of these the Bishop's Court of the Dior
victims to High Church intolerance." [Here 111 r. W Les read some sanctioned the outrage wool'
p uts of the minutes of what occurred at the examination, from which called on to pronounce nide
it appeared that Horner, one of them, bad been a gentleman'asersaut, aware of the stronghold in •
and that Wood, the other, had been formerly amat.maker.l "II ere," clesiastical law, he was not
cried Marshall. " here are two pretty fellows for you—here are pref. thouva the beet way to intim.
ty preachers ! 1 never in my life raw any two men Who looked more coming himself the assailant.
Ike vagrants." If he had turned to the sacred pages he would those whom he had deeply i
there have seen that for Onesimus the slave the Apostle did not a suit against the old man, the
disdain to interfere. Ile would there have seen that the Apostle in the church. Now this brae
Paul laboured with his hands, that he might not be chargeable. He ties, and the party co:ie.:tett
would have seen that that man of nmighty mind—that that man of this way it seems the deternii
powerful thoughts and renowned deeds, was a manufacturer of this poor old man with
tents. In the magnificence of a stately mtablishment—amidst time where none but clergymen
splendor of episcopal palaces, time minium of time Establish. the complainant. We, bower,
ment forget the humble origin of their religion, and seem not friend, Dr.'Lushington, have
to remember that lowliness is a Christian virtue. These men, the metropolis, where it is t
then, Horner and Wood, were committed to gaol like common ing will be obtained, and •
felons, for no better reason than that, in the opinion of hits spared to procure ample _
Mr. Marshall, they lookill ve,q like vagrants. When alr. (Applause.) To many others.
Marshall asked Horner at what school he was educated, and that during the past year ; amongst
he replied, the school which teaches to speak truth, the only retort application to Parliament •-
of the Rev. Gentleman was, that be never saw men look so like beteg mar: ed I t their own

_

rztriik has thought proper to say I am the author, and has called it
an Infringement upon the prerogatives of the Established Church.
Thin I altogether deny. By this measure there would be licensed,
frifelthe purpose of matrimony, three chapels in the metropolis, two
in /war six of the largest towns, and one in those of smaller size.
Thetabsee shall he twelve months registered before marriages can
, _be ajdnead In them ; that an inscription shall he on the outside
1111110.111110 they have been so registered, and the Minister shall ob-
trig:cettitiute of the same. The marriages may be per_
by license or after banns published. If by the hornier
1114 the titmice is to be obtained from the officers of the Ettabliah-
Church. If by the latter mode, the banns are to he published in
eth, and all fee, are likewise to go to the Establishment. They
Ilkeefore have reserved to themselves every portion of the profits
and the power, with the exception of what relates to the mere net
ft celebrating the marriage itself. This Bill I hope will pasi as
.Me same time that I wish as you do. that marriage should rather
as a civil contract than as a sacred ceremony.
rilelateciit, is perfectly laudable and natural that aFier the civil
multiage has been performed, people should wish to collect about
them the pint"' men-Axon of their congregation, that their pastor may
breathe over them a prayer to Heaven, that religion may sanction
and that may ratify thccompact into which they have just entered.
I regret to air r let in France efforts are making to restore the pre.
mgatives of the Eitablished Church in that country with regard to
marriages, by seeking to make it necessary that the marriage by
the priest should nreeede the civil marriage ; the obvious dtsign
of which is to increase their own power and authority. Roman
Catholics in this country labour under considerable disabilities as re.
girds their marriages;. land the British Critic has thought proper to
denounce a meddlingtattorney of the name of Wilks, for interfering
in this matter with'a view to place them in a better situation. This
I consider no discredit r litre at least my sectrsian feelings could
not have influenc d me. 3'he poor Irish who come here think that
marriage is one of the iticritments of their church, and that, in the
eye of heaven, their State of life cannot be Blameless unless it have
the benediction of their priest. And why should not such a mar-
riage have the validity of law ? One of the consequences of refitt-
ing it that validity is, that the workhouses are-Alled with multitudes
of children, who being in the eye of rite low illegitimate, find a set-
tlement in the parish where they are bent; and cannot be watt to
Ireland. I have interfered in this matter, and I will euntinte to
interfere still farther; in the ceuhdent expectation that in this la-
+tenthly I find, Lowever vs nay differ on minor *ma- the an-
pervading --
lament

.
opinion of several lawyers that a good substitute for that would be
to let each father stare in his *Mahe ages of his children, and in
the absence of better evidence this would be weaved. Itecnnclailed
by adverting in teems of warm panegyric to the high meriescardiair
distinguished Chairman, enlarging upoa the advantages which the
Society derived from the presence and sanction of a genthataa tat
his station and character.
This Reputation -*al seconded by the Rev. Mr. DwtotrY, and
carried be acclamation.
The Cifat aMA w assured the Meeting that he felt more than he
could etpress ; it was not true that they should feel thenssalaes
in any respect indebted to him for attending their assemblage that
day, for it was to bins the greatest delight to witness what had then
passed. From his a/sliest youth he had been a friend to religious
liberty, and though belonging to the Establishment, he was not a
high churchman, nor ilea titin.any in that room who objected more
constantly to the principles which charaetevise the body called she
High Church Party. He had heard "with pain the sad cltalogsie
of ignorance and bigotry which had been laid before them, and
who could hear, without displeasure, that ail thing so irrational
had luen practiced as affixing penalticinsemarr4ges and baptisms,
as well as on the more melancholy occailen of burial, He rend
however urn the force of public crpiniln th abate this evil at no
distant period. The Test Act he thought a mere paltry Insult upon
a large and respectable body of men, and he could assure them
that his little influence would be used to the'utmost to advance the
great object of their repeal, and to wipe off the rational disgrace wit/eh
they had inflicted. He could not leave the Meeting without noticing
one other point. Ile had heard front respectable quarters that per.
secution was on the increase, but to this he (unlit not.subscribe;
he thought on the contrary that good principles woo on the *l.
trance, anti this he attributed to improved altseatieri. He relZd
ppnn education as the great remedy for all these evils : and as die
real principles of Christianity pretailed, the influence of genuine
liberality would advance in the game proportion. Ile trusted that
they would be unceasing in their efforts to procure the repeal of Nisi
Test Act, for it was only by repeated efforts that they could hope
to succeed. If they continued to come forward to Parliament la a
bold but respectful manner, they could not but ultimately succeed.
Ile begged them to accept the strongest assurance of his thankful.
news ; he had always considered the Dissenting interest as entitled
to his gratitude, and he would ever use his beat influence for its
advantage, and his having been called to preside over them that
day_he iisidered the highest honour,
The - . .

ir,
‘f.ll
r 1,
i
1 i

prosecurraz per a suers nine ITTMC.4:II TO moue- serum, i find, Lowever we may dater on minor pouts. the an- day he considered the highest honour. . —..
me ; they very soon applied to know on. what pervading sentiment of religious feeling beating hievery•heart. I The Meeting tben dissolved. ,- . •
rig to let Mr. Marshall off—what would Induce lament to say that in (an too there is great practical persecution. At these noUtidgs no collections are made. By the raged Of tali
imph which then awaited our cause. There la Spain matters arc still worse ; there the Inquisition has thised Committee. in:mote, that donations arc -needed, and may be Mans-
on that would have proved more tempting to an its head • and in France all looks dark and ominous. --The cloud muted by piost to the Treasurer, Robert Steven. Esq., Upper
ictive spirit. There never was a time when, if which hangsO over that country would make even tl e stoutest Thames-sirert ;or to either of the Secretaries, Thomas Pellatt,
h, we could have obtained it in a more signal tremble. The law of sacrilege is a painful encroachment upon ag.a. Ironmonger Hall, or John Wilke, Esq., Finsbury-squarer s 1
•. But such was not our aim ; for we wished to public liberty. Everything there indicates the possible return of to the latter of whom applications should be addressed. Front
living example of that tolerant spirit which slavery and ',operation, and the danger that l•rante may again be each mr,gregistion in England the anuual contribution expected is
hem. You may perhaps think that we erred distracted with feelings that should never be revived. lam glad to two pounds, sod from each in Wales one pound. The oubserlp-
ity, and betrayed too much kindness and find that in Hanover the most perfect liberty ism-tended to all tion became due at Lady-clay last. Country Mini:item or their
fir
• who had dealt out towards us a full roes- persuasions. I rejoice to find that there the most kindly offices are friends will always be reetived with pleasure by the Committee at )
and severity : but we were determined not exercised towards each other by the members of every rt4tgiotis de- I their meetings, at Ration's Coffee-house, Comhill, at half-past ilx. i •
0 example, and therefore let them off on nomination. The Catholics of Alulhausen have lately. returned in the evening preebely, on the last Monday in every month.
ierhaps will consider too mild. are required thanks to the Protestants of that place for the assistance which the e than a public apology in the newspapers, latter rendered them in the erection of a church. Even in Rome WEST INDIA SUGAR. 1 ..
•
xpenses incurred, and a compensation of fifty two Protestant places of worship have been erected, and a burial-
the parties injured. 1 trust that with this you ground has been provided for the use of Protestants. I have great . " Our trade to the %Vest Indies --
itssaddledaw--- m with almost all the 1
at you will be pleased to see we were not ani- pleasure in laying these statements before you, for we should tha all r reTI•C of their civil and military establishments, and with a bounty
like spirit that pursues its prey with rapacious in our power to mitigate the hostility which religious differences but of I,2oo,oool."—Edinburgh Review, No. SI
g appetite, but rather with the generous feeling too frequently excite. Switzerland. it is to be regretted, forms a " And when chit quantity, upon which drawback is allowed on
iscious of superior energy, makes no cruel or contrast to everything that is liberal and generous in matters of extra .le-eoported is taken into consideration, and added to the f ;
of it. When the error was acknowledged we religion. At Lausanne, and in the Pays de Vaud, much persecution 1.600,0170/. arising from the 10t. duty, the annual tax on the public
.:
ristian principle of forgiveness. (Applause.) has been carried on. It is grievous to think that the hardy will be found to exceed 2,ooo,oool."—Speech of Mr. W. W.Whita
made by the clergyman is as follows :—]Mr. mountaineer should have set himself against religious freedom, more, 2,2 d May, 1823. ) is' 1
O 1 the Backs C,roaicle an advertisement signed but Ido hope that Protestants will not continue to defile their fair " The best way to attack the system of slavery was undonbriolz '
Leh, after a sting the particulars of the arrest fame by pronouncing sentences or carrying on prosecutions through the Sugar duties ; for if they would hut call to their '' T. 1, •
f Homer and Wood, went on to say that the against any body of religious persons who may assemble for the !whin the amount of those duties, 1.200,0001., or as the Noble ' i
he influence of a mistaken opinion, and deeply purposes of public worship. Although much has been accom- theirman(the Doke of Gloucester) had obtervedto hint. 1,506,0001.
omen of his error.] When I was at the Fleet- plished towards the establishment of religious freedom, yet a great they must be sensible that if these duties were taken off the whole
ailed to the peroart there assembled the noble deal still remains to be performed. As to the registry of baptisms machinery must dui) to pieces."—Speech of Mr. Sykes, at the an. ii •
'1 i'
rt of the starttsf. Lord Carrington. I told, and much doubt still unhappily existed ; and it is the opinion of Fla niversary of the Anti-Slavery Society.
.
a. that it was their duty at the next election to Justice Bayley, a Judge not less eminent for his integrity:than for " There was a bounty allowed on the exportation of sugars, but
is in his sot-port ; and to such amongst you as his legal skill, that the registry of a baptism is no registry of birth. ii could be easily shown that that bounty, without effecting any
:minty, I feel bound to give the same advice, On this point it is necessary that the Dissenters should be in pos. benefit to this munterrgenerally, by increasing the supply and di.
'
1 act under the impulse of that gratitude to- session of exact information. There is another point on which it [Molehills -the price, served only to put a million into the pockets
cobletnan, which ought, and which lam sure is absolutely requisite that we should be incetsant in our solicits- of the 13 est Indians."--Speech of Mr. F. Buxton, 24th February,
rof all who are attached to the cause of Dissent. tinny, i mein the repeal of the 'fest and Corporation Acts ; resolu- 1825.
ireunistan,
ce to which I must now advert, for it lions, on this subject, perfectly in unison with my semi- ••1%„ e have hitherto paid a tax to the West Indians of at least a
mortance. at must be mentioned, and ret I ments, will be laid before you, and it is therefore the less necessary million and a half in the price of their sugars. °icing to bouncier . l
without a strong feeling of regret, that the Esta- that I should now enlarge any further upon this subject. We are and protecting duties."—Observations on West India Company 1 $
old have se disgraced itself. Some amongst told that. many of the laws of which we complain are obao- Bill. Ilatchanl, 1823.
I doubt whether those who had not been baptised lete, and are rendered inoperative by the effect of the Annual In- The above quotations afford some aped/nen of the argument*
narried in their parish church. Of thisaremark- demnity Act, but I maintain that notwithstanding that Act these reiterated with unwearied assiduity by the anti-colonial party. By si, ( .
r Langan, in the diocese of St. David's. In that laws do oppress us most severely. As an instance, Mr. Munn, of asserting that the %Vest Indies enjoy a monopoly greatly detri. .
rids was to be married to Mary Jenkins ; she Tenterton, had been much esteemed by the Corporation of that mental to the public, they excite a strong prejudice against thew,
iety of Baptists. At the time appointed for the town, and, on the death of hit partner, was offered the situation possessions; and perhaps there are few even among the intelligent rt
carriage the resident Clergyman was front home. held by him, yet here the laws to which I have alluded who are not more or less influenced by this feeling, whenever the
me filled his place, and that person, though the stood in his way, and deprived hint of an honourable and Colonial question is agitated. It Is true, ooropponente, in their
reviously published by the resident Clergyman, lucrative office, otherwise within his reach. The design of the statements, carefully abstain from.any attempt at analysis or edema rt
intimate that he would refuse to perform a cere- Corporation in his favour vas completely frustrated. The Annual lotion. Bold assumptions and sweeping conclusions compensate,
individual for whom he acted would have made Indentrity Act furnished no remedy. If previous to any election in their opinion, for the absence of reasoning. The continual try
father of the young woman understanding that to a corporate office, it could be shown that the candidate was a is simply that a million and a half or two millions are annually
hoed on account of his daughter having been Protestant Dissenter, and had not within the year received the paid by the people,of this country to the West Indians; but in re. oisawaited on the Clergyman for the purpose of sacrament according to the ritsal of the Established Church, every Bard to the manner in which this amount is distributed, they sup.
nentions. Having waived at that Gentleman's vote given in his favour was nullified. and the honest expectations ply us with vary scanty information. The more cautious of the * 1.1 r )
d only to see his with, who, holding a lofty tone were frustrated of every man who loved his conscience, and his party generally.connect the protecting duty and bounty together,
, gave it as her opinion that her husband would God., better than pelt: Here, then, is one flagrant instance at the with the wary design that if tl.ey are driven from the one position, 4
In Islntarisao WNW. In Wale • velar ancient least, where the wishes of the corporation, and the hopes of an they have still another resource to cover their retreat. The impel. •/ . • ,
~,
s, one which is spoken of by Tacitus, as extsring honest man, were entirely set at nought. Let us then this day, and dial inquirer cannot fall to be surprised In pereeivnir the great dus.
is of his day ; it is the assemblage at every in this place, vow that we will never be satisfied until not a rem- crepancy which exists In theirstatements, whenever th y atterupt so
e inhabitants of die surrounding country. This nant of them shall be in existence. It is only by sound ac- particularise what portion of benefit belongs to each of these ee-
1, and foams a remarkable contrast to the reused quaintsnce with the generally diffused and unceasing exertions for ambitions respectively. Some make the protecting ditty amount to .1
a which marriages are generally solemnised their repeal. that we ran ever hope to conquer these oppressive upwards of a million, and merely add, that besides there is a largo
tanks in this country. From an ancient paper statutes. While they remain they ws.ll be made instruments for bounty given on the exportation of West India sugar. Others • , '
the neighbours are bidden to the wedding, and our injury ; and men in authority " will play those fantastic state, that the latter alone is more than this sum, and that of the
ime requested to bring with them their current tricks before high Heaven," though they be tricks " ,shich make extent of the protecting duty the public may judge, when it is cor.
and cheese. On the occasion of the intended the angels weep." Never let it be said that man shall be allowed sidered that the duty on West India sugar is 275., while that on
0 Davids and Mary Jenkins, about 200 of their to interfere between man and his Creator. Never let the notion be East India sugar is 3'.. Mr. W. Whitmore, whom we might be
mumbled to sympathise in the emotions of the tolerated, that there exists the right to impose upon any people the disposed to deem the most intelligent of the party, is also the most
They were collected to enjoy the festive scene; religion of the State. If it be a crime to dissent from a State explanatory on the sohject. Ile expressly states, that the bonus •
ni delight—the population of that rural district religion, then was the Roman Emperor justified in his persecu. conferred is 2,000.000/. of which 1'1,600,0001. arises from the pro-
irr, 1
a the mountain's aide—the old looked back with tinny of the Christians when they endeavouredto overthrow the esta- teeing duty, and that the remainder has to be classed under the
o the days of their youth, and the young enjoyed blished religion of ancient Rome. There is no idolatry which may denomination of bounty.
lights of their own nuptials yet to be—and, as not become a state religion ; and if men are liable to have a state It is my intention to investigate these points a little in detail ;
the maids exchanged pleasant glances." The religion forced upon them, may not all the best wishes of those correct information must be particularly uncial to many Members
ng bride, with matronly exultation, arrayed her- who love liberty be trampled upon, and swept away for ever ! But of the (louse of Commons, as debates on the subject are continually occasion in the formal brocade that her own of this I trust there will ultimately be no danger. 'l'lle prin- occurring; and to the mercantile community at large any illustra.
years before, when she herself walla blooming ciplo of resistanceis too strong ; presumption and ignorance shall tion relative to so extensive an article in commerce as sugar, cannot i
ter displayed his garments of antiquated fashion, not audaciously interfere between man. and his God. They may fail to be interesting. For the sake of greater clearness I shall con-
IS/
les of still more ancient date. All was festivity pile the Andes on the Alps, but the spirit of man will not be im- sides the matter under two heads—the protecting dutj and the II
intenance looked bright with pleasure, and every prisoned. The United States of America verified this.
i What was bounty.
li happiness; and all would have continued joy- theory, is there fulfilled in practice There, there s no state PROTECTING DUTY.
have been confirmed, and anticipation realised, religion, and there is not a happier nation upon earth. Each deno. To any person at all acquainted with political econom: it will
lie malign influence that hung over them. A urination is permitted to celebrate its own rites in perfect lode_ doubtlemappear superfluous to waste time in showing, that sos ng
stablialied Church marred this beauteous scene. pendence, and all live in perfect harmony and love. lam glad of as a surplus is obliged to be exported, the West India planter eats
been previously heard to say to one of his neigh- an opportunity of adverting to this, for it does honour to human • delve no advantage from the nominal protection given to him by
church to-day, and we shall have some fun." nature. I will not permit myself to fear that freedom will continue 1 the legislature. The quantity of sugar annually imported Into
t his intention to create fun, as he was pleased to to lie under a cloud in this country. I trust that when human folly ' Great Britain from her colonies, it is well known, very greatly ex.
id of being in the usual plate, was to be seen ceases to obscure it. that its light will break forth. inspiriting i
ceels her consumption ; a large export has consequently to take
Fes, ;e pew beneath the pulpit. When the wed- youth—inflaming even chill age. Y, Gentlemen, in this good place to the Continent, no matter what prices likely to be obtained.
i
e to the church, it was intimated to him cause we will proceed, and where our old friends have departed our ' In other commodities, shipments in general are made to a foreign •
d
ecame to be married, and he, addressing the in- younger ones will rally round the standard, and the determination port in consideration of the prices there being higher than at home ; d 11;
, " Mary Jenions, have you been baptisetl i." to sustain religious freedom shall grow into a prirciple ; and 1 if such be not the case the article is held over, if it cannot, in the
r
rawer in the negative, he replied, 't` then I shall would say to you all, in the words of that brave General who lay mean time, be sold favourably, in expectation of a shorter supply
" Not marry me !" rejoined the disappointed immortal and not dishonoured, but dying in the dust, " Fear not I coming forward, and the market taking 3 more favourable turn ;
sigh. Iler natural feelings struggled strongly the mass of opposition ; but onwards, onwards, onwards !" and but as to sugar, where heavy capitals are invested in its cultivation,
ientious scruples. The most strict would have expired. I which cannot be withdrawn, and where front time immemorial the
a ease. The clergyman repeated that he would :fir. Wilke sat down amidst universal applause. supply has greatly exceeded the home consumption, it would be
as she were baptised. " You are no Christian," The Rev. Dr.BOGUE then moved the first resolution, which quite useless to hold over in expectation of a more favourable state
ad better be baptised." She was a woman, but merely went to assert the right of perfect freedom in all that relates of things. Shipments must unavoidably take place to the only vent
• of religious faith was strong, and contended to religion, and to denounce the tyranny of interfering with it, for the article, the Continent, whore it necessarily sells at the same •
t .
ncy. She said that she would consent to be bap- either by rewards or punishments. rate as sugar from other quarters, be that rate high or low. The lit •
ere immersed. " Oh, there is not sufficient water It was seconded by the Rev. Mr. East ; and being put by the quantity exported consists, it may be said, entirely of refined sugar,
clergyman, " that cannot be." The old father Chairman, was carried, 1 and in this case the price of all of similar quality in London mutt •.
mockery no longer; he came forward, and indig. The Rev. Mr. BEN NETT proposed the second Resolution, pro- be adjusted to the same scale as what is existing abroad. Were it t
I think I see the old \rash patriarch, the blood nouncing a censure upon certain clergymen of the Established leitherIeither highsr or lower the thing would soon rectify itself, by the
int. "No, Sir, I will not," cried he, " endure Church for the intolerant and vexatious spirit which some of them merchants either forbearing to ship. or increasing the competition 1
eis to dissolve my religion, and I will not sub- were said to have manifested during the last year. In the course to send their good% forward. This operation is well known by
clergyman then repeated his determination not to of the observations which the Rev. Gentleman made on the subject every intelligent merchant. Whenever a fall, say of Is. per ewe.
They left the church ; some of their friends of religious freedom, he said that the term Roman Catholic was one takes place in any of the leading coatinental markets, this enables • 1
i bring them back ; the young girl hesitated. I of the Pope's bulls, being what logicians would call a particular the rt lined auger to be sold in the interior of Germany so much,
lot condemn the struggle between inclination and universal. Religious freedom was not a bull but a pleonasm, cheaper. British sugar abroad must consequently also fall ; prices ,
that the females who hear me will look with In- for where true religion was there must freedom quickly be. Ile lin England again follow this reduction; and the refiner being able ' t
er indecision, though doubtless there are many spoke in high hernia of the liberal part of the Established Church, to give so much less to the merchant, the price of raw must be
o would make any sacrifice that their religion and expressed most kindly feelings towards several of its ministers. I equally reduced.
0
his hesitatioo,howevenended in the fixed detertni- Ile was decidedly of opinion, however, that the freedom which There are, however, many persons who, while •they admit the
ad sacrifice the most cherished object of her maid- they enjoyed was more to be attributed to the liberal sentiments of general correctness of this principle, at the sante time maintain
Mine of principle. She would not depart from the the Princee and the Legislature, than to any tolerant feelings of the I that so large a quantity as is exported from England must certainly
faith in which she had been educated. Is it not establishment. It was chiefly to the third William and the four . have some effect on the continebtal markets. Should it be with,,
f society which vests so much power in the hands Georges that religious freedom owed what it possessed. drawn it must obviously cause some deficiency, the natural effect i •
The party assembled to do honour to the festive The Rev, Mr. TOWNSEND, in seconding this Resolution, en. of which would be to raite prices ; end if we allow this to be the
turned tatheirhomesin glonmand disappointment. larged somewhat upon the nature and objects of the Institution, case, we roust grant that it unites with other markets in determining
ion the penalties attached to departing from the observing that it was formed for the defence of those who were un- the rate at which sugar can be sold. This opinion, which seems to
eh, and probably determined in their minds that able to defend themselves, adverting to the facts previously stated have been maintained by Mr. Huskisaon in the debate in May,
be Dissenters. When the detail of this outrage by Mr. %Finis respecting the marriage in Wales, and the imptison- 1823, can certainly be demonstrated erroneous. I t
cling was communicated to me, I wrote imme- resent at Aylabory. The Resolution after this speaker had con- It appears by the continuation of the slave trade in full activity lit
ter to the clergyman in question. At first he he- chided was carried unanimously. by foreign powers, that the supply of sugar is so abundant as to
I wrote more peremptorily ;he then replied to The Rev. 31r. Cluny/Ex moved the third Resolution, which beat competition from other quarters entirely out of the field, and to
pal palace of St. David's, in the language of de- deduced the continued necessity for the maintenance of the Society, I render any effect produced by the exports from England compara.
For • long month the nuptials of this couple in consequence of the repetition of the several injuries of which tively insignificant. Without going into a tedious analysis on the
were they celebrated at all until the return of the Dissenters have hitherto complained. point. the fact can be luny established by merely contrasting the
al of the parish. Now the remedy fur the wrong The Rev. Dr. CoDIiAN in a few brief observations seconded the exports a few years back with what they me at present.
„,
aof this unoffending pair and their friends, is by Resolution—carried. In the year ending the sth January 1818 the auantity mete.
the Ecclesiastical Courts--proceeding, forsooth The fourth IL-solution, expressive of displeasure at the conduct exported was ----- - - 1.44?..30(1
nail in a Court where the Judges are clergymen; of the two clergymen, the one who hail withheld marriage, and the In 1819
-t of the Diocese of St. David's, where those who other who had procured the imprisonment of Ilorner and Woad, 18-2 a 1i,19.4n8
rage would be called on to decide on its enormity, was morel by the Rev. Joseph Fletcher, who, in the observations ins 940.947
ante ti,elr own condemnation. Though perfectly which he made on the occasion, lamented that there should exist a There is here a diminution in the exports of at least 40-000
• Ili ''
ghold in which he was tints entrenched by the ec- necessity for such a Society. There was nlso moved by him a Re- hogsheads, and if there were any truth in the position, that a large
I
e was not Content with being on his defence ; he solution, by which the meeting pledged itself to endeavour to pro- or a small quantity going from England exercised any influence on 1
ray to insure perfect impunity would consist in be- cure the repeal of the Acta which aggrieve Dissenters, the annual prices abroad, the natural inference would bre,ice‘thaotnsoone some
Continentadrsnce ..i
.
he assailant, and not wait for any reprisal from Indemnity Act being in their oeinion not sufficient. should have taken place in consequence cf the deficiency. But
al so deeply injured. Accordingly he has ;agitated These were seconded by air. Young and adopted by the Fl-ering. ilirectly the reverse has been the case. r
i,
.1d man, the father of Mary Jenkins, for brawling The Rey. Fir Jamcs moved, and the Rev. Mr. RAE seconded, have materially fallen since IBIS. The increased supply from
ow this brawling carries with it very heavy pros - a Resolution which rt comMendcd the Committee to continue its foreign colonic.,
r conv:zted of it Is liable to excommunication. In exertions for the relief of the Dissenters in Canada, of the victims has still kept adjust...l to the demand required, totally iudependent
the detennination of this clergyman to overwhelm of persecution in Switzerland, as also for putting - , _ . i
1 some information as to thetas. an with costs, by bringing him before a Court Dissenters on a better (outing, as wall as the registry of births and The following Wife wad aftort 9 .
°Wing to the continuation of the shave *We,
erg nett are to judge a case where a clergyman is baptisms. porn'
We, however, by the alike of our excellent Another Resolution was put in conjunction with this, which periods I have . .. - .
of sugar into the tiro prinewitialcontinental ports at the different
• ' .
ington, have been enabled to remove the ease to went to fix the Officers and Committee of the ensuing year. Both AWATEpuI3I. 'UM)tt ROIL
here it is to be hoped that a more impartial hear- were carried. ffavannah and Brazils— Brasil—cheva . . 20150
ed, and we ate determined that no effort shall be A vote of thanks was then passed to Mr. Stevens, the Tres- chests- .. NOIIB.I Illavanr,ah—chests - 19.424 1
e ample justice, and to vindicate the oppressed. surer, upon which that Gentleman made the customary ocknow- fisu.ritaisz.ja_ikee.--caa,as:ekrai :1104:8116673 Great Britain—chests . 8.0(14)
many other subjects our attention has been drawn I edgmcrits. °casks -21 360 bales and mat- East lodic th,
- .
year ; amongst others we were occupied with an Dr. BitowN (barrister) addressed the Meetiug at
.some len g
ling
- -
se - 20.849
it was Dissent
thre •Th cults ate almost entirely refined sugar.
'ornament to concede to Dissenters The right of and when he came to notice the inecroveniencewhiaidich
their own chapels. Of this application the British suffer from the want of a registry of births, be
. .
1
/0
_ .
a.
•. _
