refo.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF MR DS.—Fs to AV, au LT 27.
COf BILL. •
Lord'HAWKESBURY moved the order of the
day for' the second reading of the Corn Bill, which
being read t_

Ea"rl STANHOPF. rose, and said, he had yester-
day given notice of three resobitions, which he in.
tended to move, and which contained a settled, re-
gular, deliberate system, relative to the produce of
corn, different from the system contained in this
Bill ; and, in his emission far preferable to it. If
he understood rightly the nature and object of
this Bill, it was the intention of the framers
and supporters of it, to encourage the growth
of corn and grain, by inerrerias the price
The system contained in his propositions was,
on the contrary, calculated to encourage equal.
ly the growth of cora by decreasing the price.—
He admitted the proposition laid down by the
advocates for this Bill, that it was necessary
something shoeld be done -tewards -furwawfing
and improving . the i!tgliculture sof the
and, partteldatly to encourage a larger produce
of corn and grain, otherwise the farmer would-not
cultivate his lands that way, and scarcity, and
perhaps famine, would be the inevitable con-
sequence. So far all parties were perfectly
agreed. But, said' his Lordship, 'there are two
ways of doing the same thing, and the mode pro-
posed by this Bill, he thought a had one, for what was
it but in effect to lay a heavy burden on the lower
orders of the people, already too heavily laden,
in order to recompense the farmer, by giving
him a stimulus to increase the growth of corn ? and
what would be the consequence? The ircrease in the
price of corn and grain would instantly operate to-
wards increasing the price of every necessary of
life; consequently the price of labour would rise in
proportion. The labourer would say to the far-
mer, Master, the bread is raised, and every
thing else is raised, I must therefore have more
wages.' The firmer continues to raise the price of
his corn further, the labourer raises again in his de-
mand of wages, and so they go on, the one against
the other, till the very end prcposed is entirely ft us-
trated, and the poor's rates become so enormous,
that the farmer is but little, if at ail, benefitted by
the high prices, which he, from time to time, puts on
his Corn, while the people are must severely bur-
dened and oppressed; and the farmer, finding that
hi,h prices do not answer the end he expelled, and
wished, may finally produce no more corn than he
does at present, and in that way scarcity and famine
may be the consequence. It would be wise, there.
fore,in that House, to consider well the consequences
before they adopted the measures proposed by
this Bill. The system he had to propose in the Re-
solutions he should have tAe honour to submit to
their Lordships' consideration went to encourage the
produce of Corn, by decreasing the price, would
always ensure plenty, alt.! he was certain all the far-
mers in the country would be in favour of the
plan; the manufacturers would he the same ; and
the poorer classes, and lower orders of the people,
would receive the greatest benefits from it. The
resolutions he had to propose contained the system
he alluded to. They were three in number ; but he
wished to read them as one, merely for the purpose
of entering them on the Journals of the House. It
was not his intention, at this late period of the Ses-
sion, to take the sense of the House on them ; but
they would thereby be in their Lordships posses-
sion, and they might give them due consideration
till a fair opportunity should offer of bringing them
forward in the course of the next Session. kfe was
happy to think he had received the support ot •a
Right Reverend Prelate (the Bishop of St. A saph),
to one of his resolution% which was in favour of
public granaries. His Lordship then read his first
resolution, which was as follows;
Resolved I st, "That it i.the opinion of this House,
that public granaries should ise eitablished, to re-
ceive, in years of plenty, corn and grain grown in
this country, in order to keep down the price there-
of in years of scarcity, and effeCtually to secure to
this nation in ail seasons a sufficient supply, and
likewise in order to provide for the tanners at all
times a certain market for their corn and grain, and
to diminish fluctuation in the price of the IseCebaal les
of life."

Here his Lordship went over several of the argu-
ments he had used on a former evening, on this
heed, and said, be was certain, from what he bad
seen in Switzerland, that such public receptacles for
corn could not fan to produce the moss beneScial
consequences, as they would enable the Government
to pay the farmers, at all times, a fair price for their
corn; the farmers would always be sure of a mar-
ket ; and, in case of a scarcity, the country would
have nothing to fear. I lis second resolution was,
Resolved idly, " That it is the opinion of this
House, that all impediments, created by any law
UT laws, to the free warehousing ‘lf corn and grain,
ought to be removed, abolished, and repealed.'
From what had fallen from the Noble Secretary
of State, on a former occasion, respeCting the ware-
housing of corn, he thought he should have bat sup.
port and he was therefore happy to think he had
two such supporters to two of his resolutions, out
of the three. Such warehousing would be of corn
and grain, the growth of this country, and not fo-
reign corn. We shall thereby be enabled to pro-
duce a sufficiency, without applying to foreign coun-
tries, and thereby encoursging the agriculture of
those countries, and enabling them to export their
corn and grain into this kingdom, by which means
they would in time do an irreparable mischief to, if
not ruin, our navy ; for they at present engrossed
nearly the whole of the carrying trade. Formerly
corn was only impaled in British bottoms, stud
there was scarcely a Dantzic ship, cf more than
200 or 430 tons ; but nov: they had them from 400
to 1,400 tons, and the whole trade was in their pos-
s-ssion. His Lordship this, cause to the purport of
his third Resolution.

ieJfa

(rims supssci.

He said, the two first were such as he be-
lieved would be very serviceable to the interests it
the country, but they would be vain and nugatory,
without the third, which was the most efficient of
all towards completing the system, which he had to
propose in opposition to that c,nraired in this Bill,
lie then requested their Lordships to recoiled that
the government of this country had, from time to
time, fur many years, entered into a successisin of
wars, in which they had been but too much eneou•
raged by the Legislature ; these wars had brought
on an enormous national debt, and that national
debt an enormous load of taxes, which had long
oppressed the great mass of the people To thee
wars, this debt, and these taxes, are to be attril,utei
the enc.rmotts rise in the price of all the necessaries
of life. and particularly in the price of bread. It
was therefore necessary that every proper encou-
ragement should be given to the produce of corn,
but not as this Bill would do it, by the increasing the
price. his next resolution embraced a system which
would fully efFed this desirable purpose, and at the
same time decrease the price oftprn. He would have
the • flrmers el:env:cc} from ardired tares, Fur be
thought they were not fit subjets for taxation, sad
if this was carried into effect, it would do more tot.
wards encouraging the growth of corn, and ei.e-
creasing the price of it, than all the Bills that had
ever been framed and passed on the subject. The
supporters of the present Bill had shown that they
considered what he said of it on a former occasion
as founded in fad, for they had made it to com-
mence its operation, instead of the 15th August
(which was the day fixed by the last Bill) on the
15th November ; and why ? Because they were
afraid of a scarcity. In November, the Parlia-
ment will be sitting, and than they can repeal it.
Such is t ', permanent system they had produced for
the encouragement of the growth of corn; where-
as his would be a permanent system, for he w:uld
have the farmers exempted from dired taxes for
ever.' He then.read his third re elution as follows :

Resolved silly, u That in order to encourage a.,
growth of corn and grain iu Great Re itain and Ire-
land, and at the Name time to decrease the price
thereof, for the benefit of the people at Legs, and
f ir the increase of our nunufafturei and commerce.
it is the opinion of this House that the farma s
should he for ever discharg.d frpm the payment of
all dire% taxes, parish and county rates, cosies,
dues, tythes, and parliamentary impositinl what-
soever ; save only and except {,hose rates of the na-
ture of a penalty which may be raised upon any
hundred as such."

If he could pot this resolution to the people at
large, he was sure, he said, that, instead of being in a
minority, he should be able to pall a hunched to one
in its Nemo.. He should poll all the fanners; he
s'iould poll all the manufaatirers ;\ he should poll ail
the labouring people ; in short, all classes of people
would be in favour of it, because it must forcibly
strike every one, that it was the chief part of a
s) stem that could not fail to encourage the growth
of corn, and to decrease the price of bread, in oppo-
sition to the Bill. the system of which is to raise :l.e
price of corn, and consequently of bread, and every
other necessary of life; and finally to starve the
people. He had lately read, with great pleasure, a
pamphlet, which wad admirably written, and which
came from the pen of th? father of the Noble Secre-
tary of State (Earl of Liverpool), on the subieet of
Arming the People." He was himself fully sen-
sible of the propriety and necessity of arming the
people ; bat he was surprised that Government
should first put arms into their hands, and then
encourage and support a Bill that would famish
them.

The Duke of MONTIIOSF. said, he could not
refrain from making sonic observations on what fell
from the Noble haul who ju.t sat down. That I,
Noble Earl did on the present Jay, as well as on va.
'loos other occasions, think roper to censure the ,
conJua of His Majesty's Government, and attribute ;
to the Government and the Parliament all the diifi-
calks that existed in the' country. He would re- '
pres-re the war as unpopular, and the Parliament as
the cause of that war. So far as that assembly, to
whom he was addressing himself, were concerned
in the present war, it was necessary for a moment .
to consider what interest they could have had in pro-
motinfr, it. It was hardly necessary for him to say
th it there was no class of His Majesty's subjeCts,
who gained less, and suffered more, by a war than
the members of that assembly ; and therefore it was
impossibl: to suppose they could have gives their
santtion to war from any other motive than a strong i
sense of national honour, and a convidion that the
war was necessary for the preservation of our na-
tional existence. The Noble Earl had been on all k
ocea.cions in the habit of inthuning the minds of the
people, not only against the Government, but also I
against the Parliament. However his attacks
against the Government might be tolerated; he
hoped the Parliament, and particularly that How*, I
would not stiffer itself to be vilifier; and abused.

It was not easy to conceive what a mischievous
erred such speeches as those of the Noble Earl
might have upon the public mind, if they were suf.
feted to go abroad unanswered. To say that the pre-
sent was a Bill to starve the poor, was not only mis.
chievous in the highest degree, bin tudoundcd in •
fa& So far from its being a Bill to starve the
people, its immediate objea was to prevent famine
and starvation in the country. And some of the
arguments used by the Noble Earl, when speaking
against the Bill, might he advanced in favour of it.
lie had contended that all taxes ongbt to be taken
off th.• farmer; and of course the taxes must fall
on the consumers of provisions. Wouid not the
present Hill have welly smell an effed as this ?
Would it not raise the value of cern for Lila benefit
of the farmers, and compel the consumers to pay an
advanced price?

Lord IIAWKESBUItY said, the Noble Earl
who opened this d
inflammatory of)!
sacred to go fur

deflate, had used man? violent an I •
y.ervations, which should not be
th among the public, without that

r:

• madvenion which they deserved. Like many
(- her r:.r..rlttis which he bad been permitted to utter
in that .lon.e, it had a dire* tendency to alienate
t!-e min is of the people of the country from His
Majesty's Govern/neat. It was neither more nor
less than telling the people, telling those brave men
who had armed in the defence of their countrY,
that the Government was about to oppress them,
by raising the price of the necessaries of life. He
knew of nothing that could tend mere to encourage
disaffeaion in the country, and serve the common
enemy, than such observations. They were the
very same which that Noble Earl bad been making
fur many ye-an in that House; and which, fortu-
nately for himself and the people at large, had
failed of producing the desired effea. But he was
happy to find, that the minds of the people at large
were now completely changed, with respell to those
extravagant and pernicious principles, which some
of 'them might have once entertained; and it was a
proof at once of the security of the Government, and
of the attachment of the people towards it, that an
individual like the Noble Earl was still suffered to
propagate those doarines, which had done such
mischief in other countries. One of the propositions
suede use of by him was, that every dire& tax should
be taken off the farmer: and that, he imagined,
would lave the effuse of lowering the prices of pro-
visions. Never did a more erroneous idea enter

ire the istagir.ation of any man. Every body who
bpant him might lecollea the attempts which had
InbrelitadottytherevolutionJry government of Vrance
Ws hewer the price of provisions. Mien that tem-
• eiepia:nd 'sanguinary monster ltob••snierre. had been
•..afisittimg-thousands and tens of thousavds re.ple
beirslungenus, and driving die miserable vittims of
bar tyranny to the guillotine, he attempted to pass a
taw for the benefit of the people, and by thar•means
M lower the price of provisions. Hr inc.:AAA that
his obis& was to Relieve the public from oppression.
Butisow was that to he effeeted ? By establishing a
seatiassats by fixing a certain price on all tl.e
rcces-
pries of life, beyond which ti.ey were not to be sold.
Ilse consequences were the most dreadful, and ruin-
ous that could possibly be imagined. So far front
• kenning the price of provisions, the law ilia-tied'-
•
.
ately produced scarcity grad famine. Such was the
are of speculative reforms. like those which the
Noble Earl would introduce Another plan which
the Noble E tri svi•hed to have adopted, was that
of establishing puhlic granaries in the c•-•untry, for
theparposcot laritigulcorli in years of plenty. which
might be made use of in years of scarcity. However
such a planes this might be beneficia_ in certain states,
it could never be practically beneficial in a country
like Great Britain. In Cle first place, there was no
' redundancy of corn even in the most plentiful sea-
son in this country, which could be reserved for
such a purpose Thi re was no more corn grown
in Great Britain in any one year than WAS Lll(ficient
for the ellosumption of the inhabitants; and we
wen continually importing corn to supply the de
ficiescies of bad swims. The cause why a greater
quantity of corn was not produced in this country,
was very obvious. It was a great commercial
try, and in such a country, agriculture WAS never
carried to such an extent as in places where
them was little commerce. A great portion
of. oar population was employed in mmut.
failures, and in various other p...tr.....r.!s betide those
of ; and therefore, although the coun-
try • not, in proportion to its population, produce
as great a quantity of corn as it might dot yet the
Industry of the people was equally as produelive its
other vespers; and the wealth which that industry
procured, supplied them with provisions from other
countries, when they could not be got at home. It
was evident that the plan of public granari• . was
not only imprsaieable, but unnecessary. To such
a plan, each as was proposed by the Noble Earl, he
had another objeelion, still strow4er than any
be had stated ; which was, that of putting the
public Rummies under the corn:out of G .vcr.,.
meet. if any one thing could be more unconstitu-
tional or mischievous than another, it was that of
allowing the Government of a country to have the
of supplying the suhjeas with provitiuns.
Celw:ra power should never be wife:L:l to exist in
this country; and he would icsiu it as far a, lay in
his power. Another plan of the Nohle
which be said the price of the quartern loaf cou!..i
be lowered to .sd. was still more iniprailicable.
The price of bread must always keep p.ie- wilt the
prices of all the other necessaries of life ; and the
price of bread in this country was, at the present mo-
ment, proportionably too low. How was it pos-
sible then that it could be lower? Importation c•tild
not have that taiga and if it had, it would
have the still worse effete of preventing the growth
amen in the country. The real cause of the high
prices, which took place in almost all the r.ccesia-
rim of life in this country, was the great wealth
which it possessed ; and that must be alweys the
case in every great commercial country. Ile con-
ordered it unnecessary for him to enter into the
merits of this Bill, which had bern discussed before
in that House ; but he wait convinzed, if the Rill did
not pass, it would have the effea of producing real
scarcity in the countr.-.
His Royal lli•rhness the Duke of CLARENCE
said he thought necessary to make a few observa-
tions on what tell from a Noble Earl who opened the
debate on this subjea. He had said. that the mea-
sure then before the House was brought forward by
ice Government. This he most positively denied.
he measure had met the approbation of; and
been planned by the members of the late cabinet.
The present Ministers gase their sanetion and sup.
port to it; and. in doing so, they had the advice and
assistance of their predecessors in oilice. But so far
from its being a measure coming from the Govern.
meet, it was brought forward by a Member of the
other House of Phrliament (Mr. V.:stern), nho
had uniformly been in opposition to Ministers, and
who had always voted against the late and the pre-
sent war. His Royal Highness then advanced
other arguments in favour of the Biil.
The question then WAS put, when Lord Staa-
hope's amendment was negatived, and the Bill was
read a second time. An order was afterwards made
that it be read a third time to-morrow.
Earl STAN HOPE. next rose to propose the Te.
galAtiOWS which he had mentioned. Ha w :it over
several of his former arguments ; and in answzr to
thereharge, that he had used violent and inflamma-
tory language, he contended he had said nothing
more than that a great part, and perhaps a majo-
rity of the perpleof the country, would be itissaus.

\

fled with the Bill befell. the Howe: sad that it
would be a dangerous thing to run the risk of
alienating the affections of men, who had come for-
ward with arms in their hands to defend their
country, and their gocenunent. This was an argn-
ment he thought he had a right to make use of.
He then moved his resolutions; and said, if they
were agreed, to that he would move to adjourn the
debate upon them to this day se'nnight.
Lord MULGRAVE thought the conduet of the
Noble rarl higlly reprehensible, is supposing that
the brave men who had taken up aims in defence of
their country, were likely to become disaffected in
consequence of a Biil of this kind. Thank God, very
fiat persons now entertained the same principles
with that Noble Earl. Whatever errors men might
formerly have had on the subject of our constitu-
tion, he was convinced that their refleiioa and good
sense, with the experience they have bad, did since
teach them that they enjoyed more freedom and
happiness than were to be found in any other part
of the world ; and he was therefore convinced, that
the inflammatory sentiments of the Noble Earl
would produce very little etre& allli,iugh it was ne-
cessary to notice tl,em when they were uttered in
that House. His Lordship thza cmitended, that the
resolutions just moved were useless, impracticable,
and mischievous His Lordship concluded with
moving, that the House do now aejourn.
The LORD CHANCELLOR said, it wis a
roof of the extraordinary indulgence of that assem-
bly, that the Noble Earl .had been on the pre-
sent, as *ell as olt former occasions, permitted to
utter di-: sentiments which he did ; and, in order to
do so. to wander away into extraneous matt.',
wholly foreign from the sulijiia uncle! ciiusideratito,
With iesped to the rcsmutions which were now pin.
Posed. it was impossible to entertain them for
moment. The plan for ereirtinzi granaries in the
country would Lave the elleet of cutting off our
supplies of grain (tom other nations: and the
idea of taking ~tr all dire,. taxes from far-
mers could confer co benefit on them ; while it
would considerably dimit.ish the public revenue.
It any particular tax was taken off a farmer, he
knew very well, and that horn his professional ha-
bits. that the )andlord would raise the rent, so as to
make the hurthen tall equally heavy on the tenant
as if the tax existed. lit) take away tythes would
be a great injuqice to th se who had a property in
them ; but it would be no relief to the cultivators of
land; for they would be obliged to pay to the
or. hen of the land an additional-rent equal to what
they had paid in tythes. As to the plan of lower-
ing the price of bread, by encreased importation,
that would have an effect directly the contrary to
what was intended, because it would discourage,
and completely do away, the cultivation of graiii in
this country. He could not help expressing his thanks
to the Noble Lord who bad moved the question of
adjournment, because he thought this was is debate
which ou'ht; not to proceed any further.
Eat l 6 rANHOPE replied, that the Noble Sec:-e-
-tary of State, and the Noble Lord on the woolsack,
had both misconceived him, the former had said,
that he intended the warehousing of corn should he
in the power of certain persons only. He did not
mean any such thing; he meant it should be regu-
lated by persons properly appointed by an Ad of
Parliament made for that purpose. The Noble
Lord on the Woolsack had misconceived him in
saying that he intended the whole should rest under
the controul of die farmers. This again was not
his meaning ; it was his desire that they also should
be subjed to the persons appointed by Ad of Par-
liament. Having now explained, as well as he was
able, the two misconceptions which their Lordships
had up.in the resolutions he proposed, he should
not trouble the House with any further observations.
The Duke of CLARENCE expressed his sur-
prise that any debate had taken place upon the sub-
jed at that time : it s. as not his intention to have
made any further observations ; but he had 'forgot-
ten one, and was happy the Noble Earl had now
given him an opportunity of mentioning it. The
Noble Earl had said, that by the Bill not tak-
ing effect until next November, it was an abso-
lute nullity, as the utility of it would be done
away by that time. He remembered at the time of
pa..,ing the Navigation AR, the Noble Lord was a
5.i-sinuous supporter of that measure. and of postpon-
ing the effect of it for some time after it was passed.
The reasons why the Lill in question was not to take
dr.& until November, were, because several misre-
presentation:of it had guile out among the public,and
It seas necessary full time should be given, in order
t:!at it might be fully understood, and that the har-
vest might be made up, so as that no party whatever
sb. old be prejudiced by the operations of the Bill.
The question of adjournment was then put, and
the House accordingly adjourned to to-morrow.

•.• %ye are 'till oSliged to Ferstpone our prunio.t4 article
relative to England and Russia.

THE BIt.UPISII PRESS.

LONDON,
SATURDAY. JULY 2d.

Among the causes assigned for Mr. LI w a s cisrom x's
dismissal and disgrace, it is said, that he is charged
with having misapplied the secret service money of
his government, in feasts and entertainments to
Citizen TALLZY RAND. and his worthy friends, X,
1, Z.—lt is also reported, that he has exceeded his
insulations in his zeal to gratify the extravagance
of the Corsican Usurper, by advances of the pur-
chase money of Louisiana, before it became due.
and borrowing it at an exorbitant interest, in the
name of the United States of America, where his
condo t is abused by all parties, and has already
stripped the PRZSID ENT Of Malty of his most zealous
partisans. It is farther reported, that Mr. Jame-
son has been insulted in the most audacious man-
ner, by BONArArre, in a letter in his own hand-
writing, in which be blames him for not preventing
bis brother Jammu irons marrying a woman so far
below him in rank and fortune, and permitting the
American merchant. to supply Dueausis, and the

Republic of Haiti, with arms, ammunition, and
provisions. _

We have seen four letters from Italy, which all
concur in stating, that the proclamation of Bos A-
PARTE, as Emperor of the French, has been re-
ceived by the French army in that country, not
merely with discontent, but also attended with dis-
affeaion. When General JOURD AN announced this
new revolutionary dignity at Milan, and, with his
staff, exclaimed, " Fide l'E sr !" the troops re-
mained silent, the soldiers smiling at each other.
At Leghorn, the soldiers hissed, and hooted, .ti,u
grounded their arms; and at G.ito,i, trey made
a square, and desired to deliberate, when BoN
A ar E'S countryman and Minister there, S A Lice,- T
interfered, and, by his advice, the men were ordered
back to their barracks; where the officers dreW up
an address of congratulation in their own names as
well as in that-of the soldiers. General Sr. Cvlt,the
commander of the army in the kingdom of Naples,
had more difficulties to encounter before he could
procure, not the consent of his troops, but an ad-
dress from individual intriguers. It is supposed
that ',veils BON•PARTS. had his emissaries in this
army, and from enmity or envy to his brother NA-
PO: tux, had gained over some of the principal
officers, who, on the 24th of last May, delivered a
;)etition to General Sr. Cv s, demanding, " that as
their men resided in an aristocratical or rather de-
spetic country, where liberticide principles may ea-
sily be imbibed; a new oath to liberty and equality,
and &lent), to a Republican Government might he
taken." Sr. CYR, in answer, said that he would
transmit their demand to the FIRST CONSUL. On
the 4th of June, a Courier arrived from Paris with
the information of the Senates Couches, of the
18th of May, which declared Bona raILTZ an
Emperor, and the Imperial dignity hereditary
IA his family. The am day General ST. Cy a
ordered a grand parade of all the troops in the gulph
of Tarentims, and read to them the &naffs: Con-
amities. Their only answer was V.ve RqueLligue !
Vier la Liberte ! la Liberle, ou la Morte ! In the
evening he ordered plenty of wine, and of brandy,
to be distributed among the soldiers. Promises and
money were given to the officers, notwithstanding
not more than 692 signatures could be colledled by
his aid-de-camps, in an army of 22,000 men. The
next day, however, an address of' congratulation
was made out, in the name of the whole army, and
these 692 names were affixed as delegates. That
similar sentiments have prevailed in France, and
similar uses made of the names of some few misled
or seduced officers and men, is more than probable,
as :very account from the army on the coast. as
well as from the army of the interior, mentions the
discontent both of the officers and men, upon see.
ing a revolution, begun in the name of liberty, ter-
minate in die most abjeet slavery.

It is reported that Mr. Purr intends to advise
His MAJESTY to dissolve the Parliament shortly
after its protogation.

A change is about to take place in the Office of
His Royal Highness the COMMANDER in Cotter.
Colonel CLINTON is to be appointed Quarter Master
General of Ireland, vice Sir JOHN CRADDOCK ; and
Colonel GORDON, Deputy Barrack Master General,
is to succeed to COIOneICLIPITON's present situation,
AS Military Secretary to His Royal Highness the
COMMANDER in CH►cr. Colonel GORDON'S sue.
cessor is not yet named. We understand that
General Haverty has refused to accept the situ-
ation of Barrack Master General, unless Go-
vernment shall consent to elonerate him from
all responsibility respeaing the passing of bar-
rick accounts, for which the Barrack Master-
General has been hitherto held accountable. It
is cettainly a hard case, that an officer should be
held responsible, as Barrack Master-General, kr
money issued by the Treasury, and over which he
has not a complete and entire controul.

Yesterday arrived a mail from Lisbon..brmight
to Falmouth by the To-,.nii:eld packet in thirteen
days.
The Eaterctd, Wells, from Liverpool
is captured.
The sloop of war, with the fleet
which sailed from Falmouth on the l4.th
arrived safe at 0i,.,:t.), with all her
sth of July.
Letters from our cru is ors opposite
lion, that General M A I NIONT . French
der in Chief its liollan.j, has been th.
Middleburgh, where he had lung confer.
Field Marshal LYAv oust. and Admiral I
and afterwards, accompanied with Gen,
inspe'ted the principal ports in Zealand.
day 22 flat bottomed boats, sir gun boat
transports, sailed from Flushing up th.
to juin by inland navigation the fl tills ;
It was impossible for our st:ips to ann;y
they were protated every where by thei
One of our boats, with a Lieutenant and ti
went last Monday night into the inner roam
ing, where they counted nor than i
and ten other armed vessels, CA. of
sto:m assay. They were hal ed by
one of me batteries, ant not an.weiini
nut wita,.ut sus:al:dog any damage,
other b..:teries opf3ed a fire on them.
