PARIS PAPERS.

PARIS, MARCH le.
THE INSURRECTION IN SPAIN.
The Madrid Gazette of the it of March has sr.
rived, but it contains nothing interesting.
Accounts received by private letters of the same
date confirm what was previously stated respecting
the insurrection in Gitllicia. It is also added that
t.-:as were entertained of its having broken out also
at Saint Jago de Compostella. Since the event of
the 40th at Corinne, the tranquillity of that town
has not liven interrupted.
Tie King of Spain has formed • permanent
Junta of State, in which are included tl►e Infant
Don Carlos, the Duke de l'lnfantado, and the
uspistant Bishop of Madrid. It is believed in that
capital that his Majesty itileorls to realise the pro-
mise contained in the decree of Vslerivy of the
mouth of Amy, 1814, which was, to give a coiwti-
tution to the Spanish nation. This forms a prin-
cipal topic of conversation in Madrid.
The correspondence from Bayonne throws some
doubt upon•what was said, two or three days since,
relative to the town of San-Andero. Some symp-
toms of agitation have, it is said, manifested them-
selves at Valladolid, but they led to nothing. We
are assured that in all the towns occupied by tl►e
iosurgeots, they proclaim an exemption from taxes,
the introduction of provisions free of duty, and the
importation of all articles of foreign industry, at a
duly of 14 per cent. Tobacco may be imported
it'll) Spain on paying a real per posasd.
The letters from Bayonne speak but little of
►Mina. We do not believe that the progress made
Ly this Chief in Navarre is so great as some of our

liberal Jetirmsts would teat as to imagine,(Ga:ette de Fresseee.)
The arrival of the Madrid tiatette of the 2d with-
out any obstruction, would prove that Miami*
bands are not masters of the great road from
Madrid to Bayonne. A private letter informs nt,
that on the .25th of February the column under the
command of Mow, at. the moment of its entering
the town of limitls. was completely defeated by
Colonel Flare, who commanded it division of
O'Dminrl's army.—(Jourrrul des DeLeon.)
According to letters of the 23,1 and 26th, ►ecebs-
ed from Malaga, it is certain that Lieutenant. C-
olonel Rafael Itiego, on entering the town in the
evessing of the 19th, had with him only 2.000 in-
fantry and 60 horsemen ; that he found the popsy-
lat indifferent to his proclamations, and that he
was obliged to march off on the night of the 19th,
after a very smart action in the streets. in which
°limited's troops displayed snitch coolness and
courage against the insurgents. O'Donntl march-
ed front Malaga on the 4-211, in the direction of
Atetequiera, in pursuit of Riego.
Letters lino Cadit of the 25th say nothing of
the engagement, nor of the attack on the Corta-
Jura. General Freyre revietted the garrison, and
retired to Isis head-quarters at Saida Maria. Fle
has granted to the families of persons arrested for
purposeo of general safety, that the arrested should
be transferred to Santa Maria, and not to Ceuta.

Letters from Corunna of the 26111, and from Ma-
drid of the Sid March, announce that the troops in
Gallicia have woclaimed the Constitution of the
Cortes in two-thirds of the province. The Insur-
rectional Junta has addressed a proclamation to the
people and to the militia. The latter had not yet
declared themselves. At Ferrol there hive 10-en
some vet), great popular commotions.—(Le Muni,
tear.)

A -Dictatorial Jutita has been organized at Ma.
drtd by order of the King, under the Presidency of
the Prince Don Carina.

The official reports of General Don Joseph
O'Donuel, relative to the actions of Marbella and
Malaga, on the 17tli and 20th of February, have
arrived in Paris, and will be published to-morrow.
According to a letter from Valladolid, General
Freyre has sent in his resignation, and the rum.
mend of his army ',which was refused by two Gene-
ral Officers) has been accepted by General Dun
Carlos D'Espans.—(Journal de Paris.)_

MADRID, MARCH t.—The Extraordinary 'Commit cos-
tinues sitting—the Kiog presides at it. The news from Ga-
licia has tore the veil from before our eyes. The immense
population of this province is in estate of insurrection from
one end to the other. The Constitution of 1812 has bees
proclaimed every where. M. Apr (a retired naval officer),
and one of the principal Members of the Codes, was a state
prisoner at Cotonou. lie has been placed at the head of
the provisional Junta. The traitors who betrayed Punlier,
and among them the Serjeant who received the reward fur
his uppreliensioo, have been the first victims of popular
feeling. A few other places iu this province bare beeu
the theatre or some excesses, but tranquillity uow prevails
every where. General Pol (who was ordered to proceed
against the insurgents at Commis) could master but a
very few troops, and they subsequently refused to act.
The town of St. Jago opened its gates to the insurgents in
spite of all the efforts of the clergy. Catalonia, Arregou,
Valencia, and Murcia, have nut yet taken part in the
Insurrection, as we are sunned this morning at tAs
Palace; but the rumours prevalent throughout the city
gives no reason to believe that this is nut true. The revo-
lution is spreading throughout Spain. The appearasee of
Mins would have produced a strong sensatiou Isere, If in
these times we could be surprised at any thing. The Viee-
roy of Navarre has sew a cestrier to represent the desperate
stale of his situation. The savories are iu a great state of
agitation. We are assured that M. Apr, President of the
Junta of Gallicia, has written to entreat the King to listen to
the voice of the nation and to reign in a constitutional man-
ner. On this point the Council as divided in its opinions;
but it is certain that one of the Members advised Isis Majesty
to sign without delay the Act of the Constitution, and
no doubt is euteriained that be mart at last submit to do
an. Cadie, et the date of the last accounts, still held
out ; hut its fidelity could slut support it lung. Our fourth
of the ilibabitants, at least, are compelled to keep within
doors. The number of those detained its prison is incredible.
The insurgents see at tlie gates of the city. The Corm.
dura is in their power; such is the substance of letters from
that place of the 23d February. The fleet is ordered to sail
off, should the city open its game.
Freyre has hitherto done uuthing, nor will any other Ge-
neral. Seville is revised as close as Cadis. The priories
are full. This reign of violence is, however, hastening to
its downfall.

The English sloop the bode, having on board
seven men, was wrecked on the 3d of this month,
on the coasts of Saint Valery-en-Caux ; crew saved.
They write from Constantinople that the Grand
Seignur lost his youngest son, the Sultan Achmet,
on the 25th of January. The I,ew Grand Vizier
does not please the people. The Jannisaries con-
tinue to commit great excesses. The Porte does not
cease persecuting the Armenian Catholics. It will
tolerate none but Armenians of the Greek Church.
and ull the remonstrances of the foreign Ambas-
sadors on this subject are unavailing.

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LONDON.
FRIDAY. MARCH 17. 1820.

We have not been disappointed in our expects.
lion that ►he l'aris Papers of Monday last would
bring some interesting particulars respecting the
internal condition of Spain. They have arrived,
and from them we learn, that in Ga!licit the Con-
stitutionalists have organised a Junta, for securing
to the several places under their authority the
advantages of civil government. This measure,
while it offers convincing evidence that their's is
not the ill•concerted burst of sudden violence,
trembling even at its own temerity, and reedy at
the first appearance of danger to atone far its rails.
ness by courting slavery, gives at the same time
confidence to the friends of Spanish freedom,
and consistency to their proceedings. To this
measure too may it, we think, be attributed, that
since the day on which the Constitution was first
proclaimed at Carmine, the t►anquillity of that
to has not been disturbed„ FERDINAND begins
at length to perceive the extent of his danger, and
laments this consequences of having deceived his
people. He has fo►mrd, it is said. a dictatorial
Junta in Madrid, at the head of which is his bro-

titer, Don dAlLos, and lien, we ere mitred, of
at length to fulfil the promise he hail made to the
people of Spain, at Valentiy, in 1814. and
give them a constitution founded upon the prin-
ciples of popular representation. 'rhie promise
was made by FERDINAND. at the moment when
his pliant and faithful people found, as they then
fondly imagined, the reward of all their sacrifices
in the liberation of their KINO from a foreign
prison. Min CARLOS is understood to be deeply
impressed with the necessity of making conceesions
to the Constitutionalists, and this appointment
would induce a hope that the struggle in Spain
may be speedily terminated by amicable arrange-
ments between the contending patties.

A rumour prevailed in Madrid that Rtitoo's
corps, at the moment of its entrance into Runde,
on the 2Stli of February, was defeated by a de-
tachment from O'DONNEL'S army. It is now
stated by the Royalists, that Rt goo's corps consist-
ed at Malaga of 2,000 infantry, and a troop of ca-
valry of Go men.

A Hamburg!' Mail has arrived. with Papers
to the 10th instant. An article dated Geneva,
the 23cl of February, states, that according to
accounts from the south of France. it was ex-
pected 'non,. Protestant families of that merit ry will
seek an asylum in Switzerland, from an apprehen-
sin., of the renewal of the popular excesses from
which they had so greatly suffered.

Mr. LAMB'. friends its Westminster exerted
themselves more warmly in his favour yesterday
than on any former day since the commencement
of the election, and in consequence he had on the
day's poll • majority of votes over Sir FRANCIS
BURDIVIT of 61, •iul over Mr. tiosnouse of 9t.
Mr. LAMB polled 47 votes more yesterday than he
did on the day preceding, while the votes given yes-
terday in favour of Sir F. ButtisEre were less by
110, and for Mr. HOISHOUSE less by 100 than they
severally obtained on the former day. This circum-
stance holds out some encouragement to Mr. Lawn,
but his friends, if they wish to see him successful,
must redouble their efforts, for Mr. Elostiouse still
has a fearful majority over his rival.

We have also to notice with sincere pleasure,
that with Mr. LAMB'S improving prospects, he has
made considerable advances towards gaining the
smiles and approbation of the people who assemble
in front of the hustings. Th►e delusion that at the
commencement of the election was industriously
created respecting Mr. Lams begins to pass away,
arid the multitude at length recognise him as one
who has contended manfully, and in some instances
successfully, in tl►e House of Commons, to stem
the torrent of ministerial corruption, and to
preserve the rights and liberties of the people.
It was an ungenerous set fo repreeette him
in placards and handbills as the friend of arbi-
trary imprisonment, when it was well known
that he was one of the minority in the House
of Commo►►s who voted against the dis-
graceful, because illegal committal of Mr. Hon-
Boum. Whig principles, such as Mr. LAMB avows,
have been uniformly popular in Westminster, sod
we cannot think that Radicalism possesses so pow.
erful • ch►arm es to monopolise the good opinions of
the people of this city. We congratulate the pers.
pie sincerely on being restored to their senses •ad
to their good humour ; but s candidate on the
hustings, whatever may be his sentiment', ought
to be saved from coarse ribaldry ■nd indecent in.
vectires. He appears before his countrymen un-
armed, and incapable in such a situation of fairly
defending himself. From their generosity he claims
respect and mercy ; for the unfortunate candi.
didate—

we, ar
, .
Aet 0 3
,
•
