HOUSE OF COMMON:s. FklinAY, Amt. 1.

NEW 51E BER.
Sir W. INO(LRY traye,) for • rev, writ to elect s gernhirt
far the harotigh of Rye, in the room of Mr. P. Browne. wine bail
accepted the S,eatiettshin of the Chiltern Hundred*.
BANE RCS' RICTION tSfIOTLAND).
Sir J. MACKENZIE presented • petitlao from iree
against ary alteration in the banking system at -Scotland.
Similar petitions were presented by Sir J. Montgomery. from
Peebles; by Mr. 0. Abercrombie. from Kinvso; by Mr. Lira,.
pay. from Sr. Andrew's ; by Mr. Win. Dumb's, from Cowie. in
Perth ; br Mr. M. Walt, atom Cullum; by Mr. Wm. Dosiglo,
from Kirkcudbright; by Mr. Curwen, from Newtown Stuart; by
Mr. Weniyea, from Auchterinuchty ; by Mr. heycener, from
Caithness ; by Mr. Htodon, from Turrif, Blairgawty, and Huard, ;
and by Sir. J. Yorke, front Musselburgh.
Sir EL 111 LI. presented a petition from Londonderry soil st
any Alteration of the banking system in Ireland.
Mr. HUME presented nix petitions of • similar nature from se-
veral Scotch tli•trirts, the names of which were inaudible.
ABOLITION OF NEGRO SLAVERY.
Petitions praying tar the abolhion of slavery in the Coke:lee,
were presented from the following places:—From
Stour, by Colonel Lygon ; from Dundee. by Mr. Lindsay ; Erma
Duncannon, by Mr. Knox ; from two places in Glamorgenshire,
by Sir Christopher Cole ; front Leominster, by Sir T. Lethbridge ;
from Dudden and Ravenglass, in Cumherland. b y Mr. Curwen;
from Radnor. by Sir T. Martin ; and from Tenterden, Kent, by
Mr. Win. Smith.
S,r J. II ILL presented • petition from the merchants of Lou-
d mderry, relative to the Butter Trade. In answer to an observa-
tion by Mr. Spring Rice, the Honourable Baronet said the altera-
tions in the Ac•• regulating the Linen Trade had been male by
the desire of the linen merchants, for tbe purpose of accouusio•
dating the manufacture to the demands of foreign markets.
SPRING GUNS.
Mr. DENISON pee notice that he would move on Modal
next for leave to bring in a Bill to prevent the use of spring guns.
CORN LAWS.

rArd STANLEY presented a petition from Barnley, and an-
other place in Lancashire, against the Corn Law:..
Fre:SCES AT SEA BILL.

Mr. CAINE R'l7 individe at. 31r.
George William Butler, praying that the House would a ishbold
its sanetion from that Bill. The Hon. Member observed, that tile
petitioner, as he was informed, had spent his life in the sea sere-it:ie.
and he was now anxious to assist his fellow labourers. The pent-
cular object of the petition was to prevint persons who were ship-
owners from acing an .lagistrates under the provisions of the
Bill. - Ordered to be printed.
The third reading of the Bill was postponed till 31unday next.
DE
ir BTOR AND CREDITOR'S ARRANGEM NT BIM..
S J SHELLEY presented a petition from the Bankers and
Traders of Brightelmstone in favour of that Bill.
Mr. C. DUNDAS presented a similar petition from Maidenhead.
JURIES IN INDIA BILL.
Mr. WYNN *noted the order of the day for bringing up the
report on this Bill.
Mr. HUME said diet when the Bill was considered in Commit-
tee, be had pressed one clause particularly on the notice of the
Right Hoe. Gentleman. He thought that the power intended to
be vested in the Judges in India to appoint Jurors ought to he
more exactly defined ; the present form of the enactment would
give rise to niany mistakes, and it was evident that a power co im-
patient ought not to be obscurely or ambiguously expressed. He
also would have been glad to find that the natives had been admit.
led as Grand Jurors, and upon common Juries, to try Europeans;
it W3ll, well known in India that whi e persons would not convict •
white for the murder of a native; he wished that the Juries in
India, in general, should be placed on the inure footing as Juries
for the trial of aliens here. It appeared to him also that it ought
to he made imperative on the Judges to seed home copies of their
instructions for the formation of Juries. He was sorry that
native Special Juries, for the trial of civil cues. were not COPUSI3.
plated by the Ri!l. But although he (Mr. Hume) offered thane
suggestions to the Right Hon. Gentleman, he did not wish to clog
his inewtore, the tendency of which lie cordially approved.
Mr. WYNN said that the alterations proposed by the lion.
Gentleman with respect to the trial of Europeans in India would
give rise to great inconvenience and expense ; it might be necea-
sary to bring witnesses up to the supreme Courts front a distance of
several hundreidottiles. With respect to the regulations made by
the Judges, the Hon. Gentleman had overlooked a clause in. the
Bill, which ordered that they should be rent home for the inspro.
tion of Government. With respect to Juries in India for the trial
of whites, those who were acquainted with die prejudices of the
natives could not assent to that proposition. He allowed that re
was the soundest policy to admit the conquered people to a gradutl
participation in the rights of the conquerors; but attention ougt,c
always to be paid to the state of society, and to the capability orate
former to exercise these rights.
Mr. W. S3I ITH observed, that the Right Hon. Gentleman had
alluded to the prejudices of the people of India with some expres-
sion of regret ; but on which side, he would ask, should these pro.
indices first give way ? It appeared to him that the measure re-
commended by his Hon. Friend would tend directly to destroy
those prejudices, and to make a beginning in the complete union of
all the subjects of that great empire.
Mr. WYNN said that a beginning had already been made
with respect to the half-castes, and he trusted that the manner in
which they would discharge their new duties would do away with
many prejudices. He would not, however, pledge himself for any
future measures. He thought that as much was done at present
ut•der all circu netaners. was judicious.
Mr. HUME explained. His reason for wishing copies of tie
Jut!gcs regulations to be cent home was, that they might be await
that they were acting under the immediate superintendence of this
Government. He lamented the separation of the half-castes front
the rest of society, and the had feeling which had arisen in con-
sequence. No greater boon, he thought. could be conferred on the
people of India than the admission of the half.caates to all list
rights of citizens.
Mr. TRANT made a few observations. which were inaudible
after which, the bill was ordered to be read a third time on Motuky
next, and then engrossed.
SCILLY ISLANDS.
Mr. HUME presented a petition from the above islands, torn.
chaining if the distress experienced there on account of the dt.
ficieney of labour, and of there being no parochial rates foe their
relief; and praying the House to inquire into the application of
some grants made by (ioverntnent seven years ago,and other pabte
funds, including what were derived from a subscription that had
been raised.—Ordered to be printed.
SALARY TO THE PRESIDENT OF THE BOARD OF
TRADE.
The Report of the Committee of lest night, relative to the
salary of the President of the Board of Trade. having been brought
up and read,
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved that the
House ahould resolve itself a Committee.
On the question being put that the Speaker do leave the chit.
Mr. HUME said he should oppose the Speaker's leaving the
chair, unless he understood from the Right Hon. Gentleman:
whether it was his intention to add new burdens to those the
the country was already suffering ender. If such was his intentions
he seemed ill.oreparerl for earryiwg it into effect. Meet spend-
thrifts. before they plunged into expense, looked to their means—at
least they did so when they had any honest intention of psylita
before they launched a new carriage they considered thew re.
sources. But Ministers seemed determined to pursue • differess
line of conduct : in the very face of a defaleition in the revenue,
they were seeking to incresite the amount of their expenditure.
What he wished to understand of the Right Hon. Gentleman was
whether it woe intended to preserve the °Mee of Treasorer of the

Navy.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, whatever
might be the connexion between the Mace of Tramway and Pr..
indent of the Board of Trade mien be matter Inv discussion 3 but
he hoped the lion. Member would mice some after period tor HO-
qolring into the propriety of preserving or abolishing the foam:
Mee.
HUME consented to withdraw his opposition, and the
&toe revolved into a Committee.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER midi if Its duell
persuade himself mat the office- of Trainor(/' was it ransom. mid
tint it was to any way praterkithie teat/Wm* if. be 'bowl* b• MON
wAtiin6 to secede to the proposition of Hon. Members on thinners
stet#or ths 'Pirate: hit having held hi Itiosstf, eaukl etalihre
molt unequivocally that it waste t a sinecure. Hentitoinnabodeolt
to *appose that it eta possible unnslivits datits,. mod as spleitin
nottearati to prevail that the Sena moths it thrOmitr the
matt of the dame trot tspipthid so tub CC niolovalm.

officer had to determine if individuals applying for money were
entitled in receive it. If the office were abolished great inconve-
niences would he felt by a body of most deserving persons, en-
titled to the protection of Government. Seamens' wills were under
its control, and were thus preserved from the most abominable
ham's, by which the most worthless had enriched themselves at
the expense of the fair claims of distressed families. Some of these
legacies were small, many of them not exceeding 205.. but they
were of importance when viewed in relation to the means of the
claimants. and the fair settlement of them frequently involved con-
siderable trouble. requiring almost endless references. Metre the
establishment of the regulations now meting, be knew of one
11/01113a who obtained numerous aunts due to person,' whom she
pretended to represent. However unimportant this might appear,
v. must be attended to, or they world deprive the navy of one of
the greatest boons evernonferred on it. The nflire of Paymaster
eat the Navy was subordinate. This officer received a salary of
1.0011/. a year. and wasremovable at pleasure. Now he contended
that thaw who proposed to transfer the duties of the Treasurer to
this office, it continuing to receive no more than its present
poetry, woe mistaken in their notions of economy, for they could
oot, for such &salary, get the duties properly performed. Really
it appeared' to hint as if his proposition to increase the salary
of one office was thought unreasonable. because he was riot in
A elltlBooll to point out another which could be destmyed. In
1782 an Act passed for abolishing the Board of' Tmde; but it
being afterwards found that the commerce of the country required
tame superintendence, it was conduced by a Conmitttee, to which
there was • l'resident, and the office of Treasurer with 4.000/. a
year was tweeted os remuneration to that of President. The late
lie. Rose held the office of Treasurer and Viee.Preeident fount
1/1:07 to 1112. He then resigned the latter, and continued holding
the officeof Treasurer wit hout performirg any other duties till lel IL
At that gentleman's death. he (the Chancellor of the Exchequer)
matietionk the two offices. He did not mean to say the labour of
the office of Treasurer was such as would overwhelm the energies
of any person's body or mind ; but he fiord it a place of consider.
able anxiety. knowing that he was responsible to the Crown for the
whole of his property, such as it was. Ile was not only responsible
for himself, but for others, through whose hands mioli of the details
must of necessity pass. When he entered his office he found indi-
viduals whom he felt it would have been a hardship to hare turned
mit, merely because he did not know them to be confidential.
NVhat was the result of this? Two of them were guilty of trans_
scams which tovolved h'm to between thirty and forty thousand
eounds. Doe absconded with 23,000/. to America, and in aix
months after this he was informed one line moriiing the; another
had embeislol KOMI/. This unfortunate individual putt an end to
his existence the moment the discovery was made. Whoever held
this office most be involved in anxious responsibility. When he
undertook the performance of the two duties, the salary was reduced
from 4.0001. to 3,000/. It was now proposed to take away the
house which was at present attached to the office of Treasurer. He
confessed he did not think it the most economical way of proceed-
ing to provide residences for servants of the Crown. If this were
no longer attached to the office, they might consider that there
woad be • reduction effected, amounting to about 700/. a year.
'onaidering that colt, and candles were fumieheil, it could nut be
less. The Hon. Member for Aberdeen wished some office to be
abolished to meet this expenditure. If he could lay his hand on
any that mild be spared, he was as ready to abolish them as the
lion. Member. Indeed he had acted on this' principle nee t eaten.
sinly. What led them to reduce the Commissioners of Customs
and Lech*? His Noble Friend at the head of the Treasury said
he could do without them, and they were reduced without hesitation.
(Hear.) Again a vacancy occurred in the Treasury Beene and
they did not fill it up, because thry did not wish to retain anything
that was useless. There were other parts of the system to which
they might be able to apply the same principle. There were at
present two departments of Commirtionirs of Stamps—one in Eng.
land, and another in Ireland. He should propose that these be
consolidated (hear), by which a reduction of 3 out of 10 would be
effected. Perhaps he could not say to what extent the rethiction
would be, but they would, at any rate, be reduced. (Hear.) The
office to which he had been alluding was essential to the wcll.being
of a most important branch ; but he deprecated any opposition to
the present measure, grounded on an objection to this office. be.
cause if they thought it ought to be abolishedeor reduced, it would
be competent to them to make such a proposition when the votes
were passing the Homo.
Mr. TfIeRNEV did not think ei,oool. a year too high a remune-
ration to the individual who performed the important duties at.
tithed to the Presidency of the Board of Controul. The office of
Treasurer was certainly one of antiquity and of high trust, and if
it did not call for extraordinary labour, it was undoubtedly an office
of great responsibility. When he hail the honor of holding the ,
office, he Round that it required an hour's devotion every mooting,
though- if he had felt disposed he might have found business enough
to have occupied him the greater part of thr day. lie, however, wits
satisfied with seeing that all was carried into elf ct. As regarded the
responsibility, it was near b years before beget his quotas for having
ebscharged his accounts, this time transpired though they were all
correct. Though an abolishment of the office was the last thing he
would suggest, he certainly could not approve of increasing the pa-
Waage of Government, by placing two more offices at the dis.
pout of Government. (Heir.) For six years Mr. Dundee had not
only executed the duty of the two offices, but found time to intro-
duce new and extensive regulations. Why, then, could not the
Riatht Honourable Gentleman who now premised them keep the
office of Treasurer at 10001. • year, and receive an additional
2.000% to make up the 5.0001. which they all agreed he so fully
deserved ? lie thought it his duty to attend the Board of Trade,
and the sittings of the Ptivy Council. If the Right Honourable
Gentleman would say that he could not execute the two, he (Mr.
Tierney) would concede at once. lie did not agree quite with his
Horoursble Friend (Mr. Hume). who said, before they undertook
to Morisse the salary, they ought to inquire into their means ; if
they assumed that the larger remuneration ought to be made, it
became'on their justice.
Mr. HCSKISSON could only say he felt grateful for the kind
attempts of his friends in his favour, and he should endeavonr to
show his estimation of them by a faithful discharge of those duties
which peculiarly devolved on him. (Hear.) He was, perhaps,
relieved from the necessity of addressing the Committee in re-
ference to the policy of preserving the office of Treasurer, by
what had fallen from his Right Honourable Friend. Gentlemen
were mistaken in supposing it a einecure—a mere banking estab.
lieeteent. The Treasurer of the Wavy and Victualling Office was
called on to exercise a discretion in disposing of all the money and
bells that came into his hands ; and a discretion was also to be ex-
ercised to prevent frauds and abuser. He must confess he did feel
it • hardship to be placed in an office of such great pecuniary re.
aponeibility • and with respect to the due and efficient discharge of
its duties, hemust also state, that he must neglect duties of another
Mature If he would devote to this all the time which was necessary
to satisfy himself that these were adequately redeemed. He had
a pay-master at present who was not only fully competent to that
office, but in whom he could place the tulliet confidence. What
would be his situetion if by any accident he lost that person ? He
was rot sufficiently informed to replace hint by another, and dis-
charge the duties belonging to him under that charge. Seven
minims, and in time of war 20 millions, were passing through his
hands. The house could nut be aware of the cotimlieattel duties
that were to be performed. There were ships to be paid, then he
was cashier to the establishments of all the oat-ports, /tr. The
situation of Treasurer was similar to what would be 'was banker
o'rliged to execute all his business by deputy. He would not say
that he neglected these duties at present, but as for as he was con-
cerned he could not attend to them tio as to discharge them satin.
hooray. Being a public servant, he felt the public was entitled
to all the time his life and health would allow ; but lie could not
adequately attend to both. The office of Treasurer might be
coosulered agreeable enough; It was a sourer of patronage,
aoJ haul been filled by some of the country's brightest orna-
ments, to follow whom, in any situation, he might feel proud ;
but on a principle of public duty he objected to it. As President of
the Board of Trade, he found full employinert, he could assure
them, for all ha leisure (hear, hear), and if he were to continue to
discharge the duties of Treasurer, lie must neglect others, more or
less, wbieh should possess his undivided exertions. As far as he
was concerned he left the business in the hands of the House; they
would dispose of it as they thonght best. So much did he feel the
responsihility, that he was not prepared to say, if he lost his present
Paymaster, that lie would not, rather than incur the risk attendant
on appointing a new one, cease to hold die office of Treasurer.
IifeeCALCRAFT thought the duties of this office had been
greatly magnified. It might almost be inferred from the lamen-
tations, from the pain, the agony complained of, as resulting from
the responsibility, that these offices were forced on men who had a
distaste for large salaries and email duty. The Right Hon. lien.
tleman had said if he lost his Paymaster that he would not under-
take the responsibility which would attach to a new appointment.
Did he mean to say tliat he could not find, even in that very office,
a person in whom not only he but any man might confide ? ( Hear,
hear.) There could not be. he would contend, any real difficulty ;
tine he had ro hesitation in ratyiug there woold not he even these
apperent difficulties were it not that this office of Treasurer was
already promised to sonic one or other. It had been said that the
sieounte were six years in arrear ; but could they say so now ?
Not long aro they were In a a very short time.
Ole. HUM E—Twenty-fice days.
Alr. CALCRAFT—His Honourable Friend said twenty-five
days. Under these circumstances, there was then one source of the
great responsibility removed. The Sinicure Committee lctt the
office of treasurer, that it might be posseaseul by some one holding
a high and responsible office, not that it might be Uhl by itself.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer had au held it, without com-
plaining that the two offices were incorupatilile. This was no time
to add to the burthens of the people, thought it might be said the
sum of 5000/. was small. ii'llat contentions had they nut had
about trifling sums? It was the principle, not the som, which
was the cause of contrition. The Right Hon. Gentlemen talked
of the offices Ministers had abolished ; but haul he not beet, driven
to this ! Ile boasted of having given up a Lord of the Treasury ;
but lie trust recollect that this was not till after he had been beaten
out of two Lords of the Admiralty. aid then he came forward
with the former as • sort of boon to the House. If some pledge
Mare not given as to the office of Treasurer, he must vote against
the present proposition. Me the Right lion. Gentlemen obtained
lease last night for the Committee to sit again this day, he did
think it was in order that the proposition might be brought back in
ruck a form as would avoid a necessity for the present opposition.
Ile did not object to the increase of salary, but to the mode of ef.
toting it. The Right Hon. Octlontan might thank his Right
Hon. Friend that the House was not unanimous is its vote for the
desired increase.
Mr. CCRWEN node a few observations, but we could not catch
diflr purport.
Sir M. W. RIDLEY said he was averse to having the situation
of Treseitrer of the Navy continued. From what had fallen from
the Right Hon. Gentleman, it was evident that the duties of the
office were not difficult of Fe/formai:cc. Ile had no objection to

increase the salary of the President of the Bimini of Trade; but he
was of opinion the Paymaster of the Navy might be made vellum. I
Wile. lie certainly thought the sum of 1.01101. per annum an in.
adequate salary for the Treasurer of the Navy. If the plan for
establishing this new office was,&lopted, he thought the person
who should fill the office ought not To have a seat in that House.
(Iliac, hear.) That was the most objectionable feature in the
entire measure. lie was anxious that an increase should he made
to the salary of the President of the Board of 'trade, but he was
not favourable to the manner in width that question had been
brought forward. Ile had understood that the Hon. Member for
Montrose had withdrawn his amendment, and there could not, in
that car'', be any objection to what had been recommended from
his side of the House.
Mr. DROOL/EN said that be did not think that Mr. Hume had
withdrawn his motion.
Sir M. W. RIDLEY continued. Though he was unwilling by
his vote to record an opinion adverse to the proposed increase of
salary, yet ha feared he should, under the circumstances, be
obliged to vote against the original question. To the grant he had
no objection, if modified as had been suggested.
Sir ISAAC COFFiN said, though it had been stated that the
Treasurer of the I /rdnance could pass his accounts within twenty.
seven days of die time at which those accounts were passed, yet that
could not be an argument in the present case. If one individual
could perform the duties of the Treaatirer of the Navy by an at.
tentiance of one hour each day, it did not of necessity follow that
those duties could be accomplished in the same time by every other
Person who might fill the office. He would assure the House that
it would take lima the greater part of a day to perform those duties.
The lion. Baronet then made some observations upon allusions
which h d been thrown out last night, relative to the connexion
which the President of the Board of Trade and 31r. Baring were
said to have had with a company connected with the silk trade.
Mr. ROBERTSON made a few observations in explanation,
the precise import of which we could not collect.
Mr. DENISON said that under the restriction which hail been
already allude? to, he had no objection to the increased salary of
5001.11.: but he entirely disagreed with the manner in which that
increase had been brought before the House. His object in rising
was chiefly in order to ask the Right lion. the Chanrellor of the
Exchequer if the defalcation of 25.000 L. which hail taken place
when ke was in office, had been paid by the sureties, or if it had
fallen on the public? if the latter had been the ease, what, he
would ask, became of the question of responsibility upon which
such strew' had been laid ?

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER maid he was not
sure whether the arm wee 24 or 25,0001. The person who had been
guilty of appropriating that sum had escaped from the country ;
hut being pursued, they were fortunate enough to find him in the
United States of America. By means of threats. which were the
only means which could be resorted to in that country, the person
was taken a-beck, and consented to give up what money he had In
his possession, which amounted to 14,001 or 15.11001. 'file sureties
were called upon to pay what they were responsible for, and the re.
maiming difiererce did certainly tall upon the public. That Inns
fell upors the public. Six thousand pounds were obtained from the
sureties, and the remaining difference, as he had stated, devolved
upon the public. In the Inquiry on that question, he had satisfac-
torily proved that the circumstance had not occurred in consequence
of any fault or negligence of his. (Hear, hear.) It arose out of the
imperfect state of the law, which lie bad endeavoured to remedy by
an Act which he had brought into the House. Ile certainly cons;.
tiered himself the responsible person, but as it had taken place
without any fault being attributable to him, he was not called upon
in make up the deficiency (a laugh), and it would have been very
unjust if he had been so called upon.
Mr. DEN ISON argued ageingt the motion without the modi-
, fication. He thought the idea of responsibility had been dune
away with.
[ After a few wont' from Mr. Hu 3IE and Mr. Hrsicissow,
Mr. ABERCRO3IBY said that the question came forward In
an objectionable form. He had the highest respect for the Right
Hon. Gentleman ; he appreciated the talents of that Gentleman,
who early in life gave promise of those talents which had been re.
cognised in that House. His elevation was predicted by a person
who could appreciate the mental energies even of a school-boy, and
he (Mr. Abercromby) had the pleasure to see those predictions
realised. "%With such feelings., it would be painful to hint to vote
against the grant. Much had been said of uniting the offices, and
of the incompatibility of their union • they were ministerial fella.
cies. The only thing which had made any impression on his mind
was, what had been stated of shrinking from the responsibility
The statement of the Chancellor of the Exchequer amounted
to this, that there was no responsibility unless some fault could
be attached to the responsible person. (Heir. hear.) This he
considered to be a fallacy. If in any case of defalcation the respon-
sible person could show that he used a sound discretiou in the ye-
leetion of the person who had been guilty, he should on those
grounds be exonerated from any share of the responsibility. The
labour,' of the Navy Treasurer were trifling. Lord Melville, when
Secretary of State, held the office of Treasurer of the Navy ; he
certainly had the advantage of the talents of the Right Hon. Gen-
tleman as Under Secretary, but the Right Hon. Gentleman could
avail himself of the assistance of the Vice President of the Board
or Trade. The creation of new Parliamentary offices was objec-
tionable, anti it was their duty to take care that the influence of the
Crown should not be increased. The Bill should not be allowed
to pass: the influence of the Crown had already increased. The
Vice Treasurer of Ireland had a seat in the House, and the
duCes of his office only required him to sign his name, and,
by an Irish method of transacting business, to be absent except
when he was required to vote in that House. All this con.
tributed to increase die influence of the Crown. He deplored
the question had been brought forward in its present shape.
He knew no reason why an Act might not be passed to
make both situations compatible to be held by one person. Ile
would therefore recommend that the Chairman should report
progress. with leave to sit again : that Ministers might, in the in-
terim. consult and agree to the proposition suggested by his side of
the House, upon their declaring that they were willing to grant
the increased gaiety, which he was sure would be the case if the
question hail not been brought forward in the way it had been.
Sir J. NEWPORT said there could be no difficulty in relieving
the Right lion. Gentleman from the responsibility. He thought
the most proper mode would be to consolidate both situations, by
which means die House would not be obliged to depreciate the ser-
vices of the Right Hon. Gentleman, but, by the mode now pro.
posed, they were bound to resist the measure.
Mr. Secretary CA NNING said whatever arrangements the House
might come to as to the question before the Committee, their present
decision would not interfere with any subsequent vote they might
think proper to pass relative to the office of Treasurer of the Navy.
He thought die office of President of the Board of Trade ought to
be distinct. lie would express the same opinion on that point in
private room as he did then in that House. Lord Harrowby, Mr.
Sheridan, and all who had succeeded them, held the office of
Treasurer of the Navy unconnected with any other office. It was
inconsiderate to say the office was it sinecure. as if no duties were to
be performed because they could be accomplished by an attendance
of one hour in the day. Would any man say that the situation of a
banker was a sinecure, because he could check his accounts and look
over his clerks in the 'mace of one hour in each day. He held the
situation in uncomfortable times, when undivided attention was
required. The Right lion. Gentleman opposite (Mr. Tierney)
had justly stated that, when he filled the situation, he had given
whatever time was unoccupied in the duties of that office to oilier
department'. The Goveinment had a right to call on persons who
held situations, the duties of which were disproportionate to the
amount of salary they rec'ived to their exertions in other occupy.
dons. Some offices were paid more in proportion to their dignity
than with reference to the duties they had to perform. Such offices
were requisite to facilitate the transaction of public business,
by the assistance those who held them were enabled to abed
in other departments unconnected with that which they held. The
President had quite sufficient business to occupy all his time, and
could not devote his attention to the dude' of the Treasurer of the
Navy. Was, he asked, the filiainess of the Treasury of the Navy
ea absorbing that the person who filled the situation of Treasurer
should devote all his time ? to it he would say, no ; but if he were
asked was that of the President of the Board of Trade such as to
prevent his appropriating a portion of his time to another office, he
would answer, yes. Government was over-loaded with business,
anti if lie WAS asked what would affiird the most efficient means to
Government to facilitate the transaction of business? he would re.
ply, the power of applying such persons as tilled those offices to
the performance of duties which could not he well accomplished by
theme in whose immediate department the surplus of business had
arisen. Ile had al: his time occupied in the duties of his office, the
Chancellor was equally occupied in his, and he ( M r. Secretary Can.
ring) found it diffietilt to devote even °netlike to any other business.
It would be a great detriment to abolish die office of Treasurer of the
navy. There were two propositions. that the President of thellontd
of Trade should have a salary of 511110/. per annum, and that the
office of Treasurer of the Navy should be distinct. No one con.
versant with the nature of that office would say that it should be
abolished. There should be. at the head of the office, a person to
whom those In subordinate situations should look tip with respect.
It would lie as rational to say that • banking establishment might
be carried on by &clerk., ts to think that die Treasury of the Navy
could be conducted by au inconsiderable person ; but whatever
became of the Treasurer of the Navy, he thought the proposed
ea:ary ought to be allowed to the President of the Board of Trade.
The office of Vice President of the Treasury of Ireland was not a
new one. The arrangements connected with that office might
not be good, but he could not imagine env danger from a person
holding that situation having it seat in that House. flow did the
office of President of the Board of Trade sound ?As a salary office
it was of very ancient date, and previously to die year 1782,
when the salary was reduced by the reform plan of Mr. Burke, it
was of the same amount as now proposed. It is now 'sought to raise
the salary to what it was then stripped of; the business of the
office had since increased, and it was but ,just that the salary should
be Increased in an adequate proportion. The other office could not
be abolished ; the salary wits quite nno:her consideretion, but the
existence of the office. which, without absorbing all the time of the
person who filled it. fitted bins for the performance of other duties,
that was the object aimed at. and it was unfair to attribute it
to a corrupt motive. An unanininus concurrence in the vote pro.
posed would not interfere with the consideration of the other clues.
lion ; he therefore hoped the House would concur in that grant.
Mr. BERNAL supported the amendment. 'lr. Canning, and
the Chancellor of the Exchequer !tad said that the office was and
of responsibility, but he could not discover how a salary of 2,0001.
or 3.000/. a-year could secure the public from embezzlement. Ile
though: no case had been made ant why both offices should not be
united.

After a few words from Sir FRANCIS OMMANEV, at which
the Moos? trotted the greatest. inywience,
Mr. CA LCRAFF arid, it the abfeetce of Mr. Abercrombie, be

THE BRITISH PRESS.

would move that the Chairman report proms!, with leave to sit
again on Monday.
*Arrangers were then ordered to withdraw, when thellouse divided
on Mr. Umlcratt's amendment, when there appeared fur the amend.
ment,
Ayes . - 411 Naar . Majority .39
On returning to the gallery we found,
Sir. III:31E on his legs. The Hon. Gentleman animadverted on
the conduct of his Majesty's Ministers, who required twenty-four
hours' preparation to muster strength on the. present occasion
against the public opinion. He intended to withdraw the amend.
ment which he had suggested last night, and should adopt another
course which, he hoped, would prove more satisfactory. The
amendment which he should withdraw was objected to, as being of
a nature too diffuse and comprehensive in its bearings. The lit).
Gentleman then proceed to explain the principles of the amend-
ment of last night, and recapitulated the points which he had
urged in its introduction. He did not think that the Treasurer of
the Navy should be a Cabinet Minister, and the purport of the
amendment which he proposed to substitute affected the conside-
ration of that question. It should be considered whether the 30110/.
a year attached to that office should go in addition, or in et.tenu-
ation of the wavy allotted to the office of the President of the
Board of Trade. The necessity of an inquiry of the kind to
which lie had called the attention of the House, appeared to him
to be mast obvious, and one which could not excite opposition.
He should reduce the generality of the former amendment, and
simply inquire at present into the office of the Treasurer of the
on which subject many gentlemen who had filled the situ-
ation had expressed themselves with so* much discrepancy of opi.
nion. One Hon. Member gave one statement, and another fol-
lowed with a different, as to the mode of filling the situation. By
one account an hour was deemed adequate to the performance of
the duties annexed, while another gentleman's was quite at variance.
He now wanted merely to inquire whether a Cabinet Minister
should he also a Public Accountant. The Board of Trade was
certainly most important as regarding the interests of the country,
but with its establishment the amendment was not intended to in-
terfere. The lion. Member then ptoposd as an amendment, that
" it was the opinion of the Committee that the sum of 511001. a
year should be attached to the office of the President of the hosed
of Trade, but that it is also expedient that an inquiry should be
instituted to try if any and what alteration can be made in the
office of the Treasurer of the Navy."
Mr. THOS. WILSON said it was admitted on all sides of the
House that the duties of the President of the Board of Trade had
been natit efficiently discharged. and that 511001. a year should be
granted as a remuneration ; but what was desired in the present in-
stance was, that the 30001. annual salary of the Treasurer of the
Navy should not be added. It was asserted in answer, that there
would be a future opportunity of considering that subject, but it
seemed to him that if the present occasion were omitted, there
would be but a sorry chance of procuring another equally favour-
able.

Mr. HUDSON GURNEY made Come observations in favour
of the principle of the amendment.
Mr. 31A DERLY objected to the occupation of a seat in that
House by the Treasurer of the Navy.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER contended that
it was a proceeding totally inconsistent with .cage and propriety to
propose to the consideration bf a Committee, appointed for • dif-
ferent purpose, to inquire wh2ther a person holding a particular
office should be competent to sit in Parliament. It was erroneous
to suppose that the fitness of a person to possess a seat in that
House should be made to depend on his office or his salary. The
reason for refusing seats was to be found in a wish to limit the in.
flume. of the Crown, but that did not apply in the present
instance.

Mr. BARING expressed his approbation of the proposed com-
pensation to the Right lion. the President of the Board of Trade;
but he could not countenance the mode in which the proposal for
that purpose had been introduced. Every person agreed in bear-
ing testimony to that Right lion. Gentleman's deserts, but the
Government invidiously attempted to avail themselves of his ac-
knowledged popularity to make the matter such as was fully en-
titled to the appellation of a job.
Mr. R. MARTIN said he should vote for the separation of the
two offices, though he concurred in the propriety of giving the pro-
posed salary,
The House then divided on Mr. Hume'. amendment, when the
numbers were—

Fur the Amendment, 35 ; Against it, 71.—Majority, Mi.

The o-iginal rnotinn was then put and carried.
The House resumed, and the report was ordered to be brought
up on Monday.
The East India Writers Bill was brought up by Mr. C. W.
WYNN, read a second time, and ordered to be committed on
Monday.
The other orders of the day were then disposed of, and the
House adjourned at Ten o'Clock.

PRICES 01 BRITISH
Dank Stock 203)
I per Cent. Red. 7111
S per Cent. Cone. 7sta I 1
Ditto Aeet. 791 tali
per Cent. 861
la per Cont. Red. ItS2
New 4 per Cent. PSI

PRICES OF FOREIGN
Austrian Bondi 6O
Brazilian Sonde 55
Ditto Acct. 55 6 5
Buenos Apes Bonds 61
Colombian floods 47
Ditto Bonds (1824) 5U i49j90 49
ibi 746 be 8 7} Si
Ditto !tett. 50$ 50 494 54 7
6 7 6/
Danish Bonds (1825) 574 11
ORM Acct. 574
Russian Bonds ttOi

COURSE OF EACH
aseterdass C.F. 12 10
Ditto at sight
Rotterdam 21'. 12 11
eetwery
Harnlntrgh 2 U. 38 0
Alton. 2 U. 2.8 1
Parts, a day.' xight 25 80
Ditto 2 U. 26 10
Bordeaux
lierlln
Frankfort on Maine Ex. M. Me
Petereburgh. rble I Us. 8
Vienna, effective 0 2 M. 10 28
Trieste ....do ..... II 28
Mndrld
Cad's
/Mhos S
Barcelona SI
Seville
alkalise

PRICKS OF FRAIL]
111/1

AnglaMetkan

lir
British (ma
Oolomblan
Pasco.Peruvlan .....
Putoal, La Pat, mid Pennies Assmtel
Real del Monte

STOCKS YESTERDAY.
Long Ann. 19 7-16 5.16
India Bonds 7 b pm
Es. Bills WOW. 6 7pm
Ditto 600/. 6 7 pm
Ditto Small 6 7 pin
Lottery Ticket* 21i.

STOCKS VINTERDAY.
Greek Bonds
Ditto Bonds (1826) 16) lbe 16)
Meziern Bonds
Ditto Bonds (1845) oty be be 6
40 5i a
Ditto Acet.6ol6 e3l 3i 4e ebe b
6 be e 41 6
Peruvian B e 7 31
Ditto Acct. 27 Ibe 7 30
Spank!) Bonds Of 10
Ditto Bonds Aect. 1111 10

INGE V usTERDAT.
Leghorn .
Genoa a
Venice ..... ......... . • • •• • $
Malta
Naples
Palermo .... .......per os•110
1.141)011
Oporto
Rio Janeiro
Bahia 47
Buenos Apo 43
Dublin, fl dare sista
Cork
MILLION, Pill Of.
L. s. d.
Portugal Gold, In coin .. 0 U 0
Foreign Gold. in bars. • • 3 17 a
New Doubloons ...... .. 3 l 4 6
New Dollars
Sliver. In bars, standard 0 4 Ili

LES YESTERDAY.
ass. Share. Paid.
...... £lOO 4A Y, clls
100 10 4 tits
...... 100 30 171 dls
100 71 A die
... 100 10 91 die
Was . 30 S 41 dis
400 400 Ad dis
