RV an EXP-RIFN&I) tiIAVILYOR

11504
Thi: Day was gar.llll sewed, eorr,cte.l to
the Ist of tittac'wo
r 1111 F. BUILDERS' PR K ; •contain-
ing a COR4F.t T LIST of that PitICCS aikiwed by
the !peat enunebt S.ine .casLonalosto the aeveril Artihciies
Toed in . ; 11l tug thir JOURNEYMEN'S
PRICKS.

Wdth a 1-"Nsi.t: of SCAN't LI tit:S, a T eBLE re' the
ounvs on ‘A.INDows met • HODS'S, and the Rules
for cleaging them.
Pi b11,11(41 by J. Taylor, at the Architectural Lihrarj, No
e. 50. High 11(01 horn.
N R. (deiiihom n are requested to be emeriti to order Tey-
slere Chigieet Builders' Price IL•ek. •
Where may bedied,. also published this' pay, elegantly ea.
;Need in Anuadiata, on n 8 lame Qoarto Hates, price 11.
betel, and 21 les.6d. coloured,
Afteirrr.crunAL SKETCHES for Cmtslfeli Rural
• Dwellinee, and \Afar, in the Grecian, Gothic and Estiey
Styles; with Plans, *tumble le Parsons of genteel .and
moderate Fortune. Preceded by sem.: ois, rvaatima ortheenery
and Charemerproper for Picturesque lloufdmgw. My R. Luger,
Art+ item eat I:met-Surveyor.
ill: • following was start to Mr. BARLOW
xt, Spring.gardens, Lenilyn), MEDICAL ELEC.
liettiiter of the iiihnitable Composition. the
MOT Al. 'PEERIAN DIAMONDS, an peculiarly pet apart f.'s
the Pr rev gallon or th, Teeth; ;nese especially, trim the Dh•
*every having attatee., teem etTrial of its beneficial Gleatities,
the very high and distingeishal Coenteneace of I let Royal
.Higloseoi toe DIJC I I ess of oroß
When Gentw pions to de heeirerlis decay,
And imp rostion leads the wild astray,
R ell:ctrun i 0t cis as she reads 'he Page—
That Seen thingsare," to Agouties the age.
Rut when real merit, Harlow, such u
Asserts a pow'r, sad secs its foes decline:
Proud rn:on smiles that folly's o'er,
While quack•ry falls—to rise acaM re, twos.
So wilt the free.hprn muse, in act and thought,
Praise where she cm, and censure whe.e she
.A since thy efforts boast the proud acclaim,
The unbought weed of YOR.RI illustrioes name !
She, whom celestial charity calls her own;
Qiieen of all hearts!—by eery kindness known..
For wham the vray'rs of lisping mutants rise,
And waft their grateful blessings to the skies'
Sir to whom yet distress neer made an appeal,
But found hew great, how truly she can feel ;
Illustrious YORK iide she your friend has stood—
Thy aim is sanction'd fur the Scowl good !
MEDICAL ELECTRICI'T'Y AND GALVANISM.
It has been clearly stated by the most learned Physicians arid
rehers, that Electricity, adiuinistered by a skilful band, is an
harmless remedy, an as,istant to medicine, and, bringing pe•
gelation to its quantum' arid regularity, ruminates mild invi-
gurates the body, which elle., gives relief in almost every An.
eider incident to the human frame, and would save the lives
of iiumbers at all periods of elicit agits in Cases e here those
nauseous medicines, composed of steel, however disguised,
ha e ,roved ineffectual, if not destructive
Mr. Bashi' must respectfully begs leave to inform the No.
bility, Geatiy, his Fracas, and the Public, that lie has, at his
house, No. 315, Suring-gar tens, on an entirely new, elegant,
"‘I improved PI ie. an extensive APPARATUS to his g:anil
Me.I)ICAI. ELECTRICAL MACHINE, by wh-ch means
the Electric dither is medially applied with the greenlet rife
and safety.
Mr. M. flatten himself that, horn the many yeah Practice,
the number of critical cases lie has experienced, the pee.iliar
manner of his applying the El •ctrlc fluid, and the great saris
facts'., he h..' given on all occasions, will entitle him to their
future ree.immendanotas, which will ever be spitefully ac-
knewkilged.—Advice every Monday mottling Gratis.

Lord KING rose, and observed. he thouglit
that no apology was necessary for calling the atten-
tion of that House to the subject upon which he
had announced his intention to bring forward a
motion ; its intrinsic importance, and great mag-
nitude, were so evident as obviously to render any
thibg of the kind unnecessary. In discussing a sub-
ject, the nature of which was equally extensive,
various, and important, a variety of argu-
ments and considerations, founded on the multi-
plicity of facts, presented themselves to his
mind ; but among those which struck him, as the
most prominent and forcible, was the euntradiabry
nature, as well as the great ineffi:acy of the different
measures of the-two last Sessions, for ameliorating
the Military System, and augmenting the Military
'Force of the country. The perinal of these, he
thought, would be sufficient to convince every dis-
cerning and unprejudiced mind of the total absence
of all system, regularity, and conneftion, in the vo-
sinus measures which had been devised. It was
impossible, from the consideration of the ads al-
luded to, to collet that even the intention of the
framers was to create a disposeable force in the
country. Neither in the plans which had been
adopted, or in the course of their execution, could
such an objeet or intention be traced. In the mea-
' sures which had been suggested, there was nothing
likeresders vergeletity, er erstenr; torery step that
hid been taken added to the difficulties, and depart-
ed wider from the attainment of the proposed ob-
jet. Such was the condua of the Government on
these occasions, that it reminded him of the situa-
tion of an unfortunate man plunged into an abyss
of difficulty and distress, who was glad to catch at,
or lay hold on, every thing that presented itself, how-
ever slight and powerless, in order to extricate him-
self. His Lordship then proceeded to a detailed
consideration of the subjea. and first adverted to
the measures of increasing the Militia, and she
creation ef•whar was called the Army of Reserve,
the prominent effeas of which *err to raise the
bounties to an extravagantly high rate, and which
eventually enhanced the difficolties in procuring the
men. In pointof fiaancial (economy, this measure
Was to be strongly reprobated, as it gave, in the first'
i-stance, an extravagantly high premium to men tol
engage for limited service ; and caused, necessarily.,
to be sorperadded a large additional bounty to enlist!
them for general service. He then proceeded to
the con.ideration oftre ballot system, which, in the
mode it was carried on, he highly censured, particu-
-I.larly its alias upon the agricultot al concerns rat the
country, and the irregularity of its operation, by
which one County was oppressed to supply the de-
ficiencies of another. Taking this past of the sub-
jea in another point of view, it was equally excep-
tionable, for, it wBbld be found, that the number of
men procured by the ballots for personal service
WAS nett to nothing. To illustrate this position, he
could not do more than refer to what he deemed
an unquestionable authority upon the subject, viz.
a printed speech of the present Chancellor of. the
' Exch.quer, in which. speaking of the numbers pro-
:cured uv toe ballots, he estimates the whole at
40,0:)0. out of which, 2000 were obtained fur per-
sonal service, and the remaining very disproportion-
ate number of 58,000 nien were hired substitutes.
This consideration alone, the Noble Lord thought
sufficient to overthrow any arguments that might
be urged in favour of the Army of Reserve. Advert-
ing to the lirte of argument adopted by Ministers,
whenever subjeas like the present wre discussed,
and particular parts of their system pointedly ob-
jected to, he observed, their mode of defence was,
not to answer or obviate the objeaions fairly or se-
parately ; hut, to refer to the aggregate amount , f
the vitole M..itary force, in which care was always
taken to include the Volunteers. This he deemed a
fallacious mode of defence, and not calculated to ',lr-
vine objetions which were too well founded. The
merits of the questions at issue, even admitting the
correctness of the official documents laid before Par-
liament, were decidedly in favour of his conclu-
sions. By these, he contended, it would appear,
that the Infantry force, by far the must important,
particularly, in a disposeable line, so far from being
augmented, had actually decreased last year ; he al-
luded to the infantry force in Great Britain ; this
may be seen by a reference to what was stated as
the amount of the infantry in January 1804, and
what It was by the latest returns of the present year.
In referring to these, as well as to some accounts
respefting theland forces in an early period of the
late war, viz. 1794, he observed, that though the •
aggregate force, including cavalry. and foreign
troops, were augmented to an amount exceeding
11,000 ; yet, as he contended. the British infantry
were 800 less. To this was to be added, another

'°-
consideration. nernely, tliat a emnparativtly smell
part of this infantry force was for general servicsa
the amount of those who were enlisted for genteel
sera! service, did not exeee.d .59,00 n men ; this was
net all, these men, from the terms o'F their enrige•
merits, may be sent out of the counter ; hut under
its present circumstances, would it be prudent or
safe w send the whole, or any part of that number ?
In fad, could the ybe spared ? certainty not. Proceed-
ing to the consideration of the Additional Force 13.11.
he observed, a sufficient newther of men were
not raised by it, to supply Men the casualties of the
' army. After dwelling shortly upon this coesidera-
tion, he observed, that a particular regulation might
be introduced, and with the greatest facility, into
our military system, which would be attended with
the most beneficial consequences; he meant the Atari-
lition of he practice of erdiedng Men into the army
' for life; for the cont:telapee of such a practice, he
thought no argument could possibly be advanced.
There was nothing tha: c mid make minas minds
reef& from entering into the military service
of their country, but the idea, that, by so doing,
they made a surrender of their personal liberties for
life, without the possibility of retrating. ' L-t their
Lordships look to the system of all the t reaiptilitarl
powers on the Continent, with none of tare* die
practice of enlisting soldiers for life obtains; but In
no country whatever was the abolition of ••uch a
practice more loudly called for than in Great Britain;
and not a more effectual remedy could be found to
prevent desertion, than giving the men an assurance,
that at a given time they might have their discharge.
Under the present system, the astonishment 12:1; not
that so few men were procured, but that so Many
could be obtained. Another greet objedion to men's
freely entering into the army, was the apprehension
of their being sent to the West India Islands. OH
this, head, I should be glee to hear, whether there
were any fixed rule lot sending nut Corps by rota-
tation ;he was air-aid ngt, but should be happy to
learn that he seas mistaken. In this part of the sub-
ject, another consideration presented itseit, which.
if well executed, might be carried into eff. d. He
meant a well regulated plan tor, as well as an el-
tension of the number of the black corps, fot the
purpose of colonial service. He was .11%Am, tole
certain degre o of the obstacles which the jealousy
of the planters and others in these eoleniee present-
ed. In fad, the most of these were I Iver,:. :0 ;et-
ing the blacks in any other than a stare if slavery.
Under the present regulations of these men, they
were of very little service; in these, a cemmissifin
was regarded only as a step towards peon:mien : at
first, commands in these were fitly given to Orlieers
who had served in the West Indies,. bat ;het salts-
' tare tnte *Rs not long tollowecr; however, the Was
of opinion, that this part of the military force meld
be rendered to essential service, under proper tege-
' rations. Another point was, theeltraV2g42tly high
• rat. of living in these quarters, which should in some
' degree be countenanced, by a eectain increase of
pay Judicious means shotild Also be taken to coun-
tered the prevalence of those daneerous maladies
which were incidental to those climates. Adverting
to the defensive military forte of the coarery. he ,
observed it was not long since deemed to he in that
weak and alarming state, as to be the prlucipel
cause of a change in the executive Ministers; and
the greatest hopes were entertained of the vigour
and efficacy of the measures of the new Ministers.
These, however, may be classed into two heads ;
the first, the appointment of an- extensive Staff of
Brigadiers ; what the aggregate amount of this new
• expence was, he did not know ; hot he believed it
was taken at 2,5001. for each Staff. The secone was,
the Additional Force Bill, the merits of which were
recently discussed by their Lordships t this measure
was so happily framed. that the effects produced by
it were perfealy foreign from its prseessed °Wed-.
It was to be regarded rather as a measure of &wee,
than one of military reguLition. On this head, his
Lordship went into spore detailed calculation, and
particularly dwelt upon the comparatively small
number of men which wcre procured by the parish
officers. The measure was, at best, inefficacious;
it was, in some parts of its operations, oppressive and
unjust; and being hitherto produdive of' no one
benefit, though it was in activity for ten months,
including those, the most favourable fee its epere-
don, there existed no reasonable ground to ex-
peel it would prove beneficial or serviceahle in fu-
ture. He would detain their Lordships no longcl,
but =nye— n
That a 41niumittee be appointed to orrisethe different mr.
pained in the ten last hesdnrao of Oarliament, ~.r the military
defence of the country; and to consider of such tenni, men..
user., as may render the military estatitshstients more pants-
nent and complete.
Earl CAMDEN observed, that Le should pro-
ceed upon the discussion of the important sebjed
before their Lordships, without making any political
or personal allusion whatever ; and, it W.ls with re-
gret, that on a debate on a Motion brought lot ward
by a Noble Friend of his, about a fortnight ao,
he felt himself under the necessity of making a icor
observations of that nature. With reaped to the
question before the House, he doubted not, hut
1 their Lordships, on a reference to, and a consider-
ation of, what appeared in the official documents
Itipast the table, would make np th, it minds
bow it should be decided. Wi:h a view to the
due illustraton of the subject, he had laid on the ta-
ble several documents, in addition to thow moved
by the Noble Baron, who came forward is the
present instance, and other Noble Lords. Some,'
lime respelled the artillery, and by the accounts
their Lordships would we the increase, particularly
in that important descriptions of our military force.
His Lordship then entered into some decided celett-
lotions, drawn from the documents adverted as, and,
lie a
r, the disposeable torte was increased
cf the results, observed, it would clew -
lie
mita
'witei the year, to an amount exceeding 13.00 es
hero itro2lll4l,s thisit:epabrotitottfielid •a:cdmy
acooi
dnspstreedparit corpsredfor
foreign or service. - Noble Secretary
ealirced -4 used in the

-1,--vversippirilippogepopreleer•erreemooremopipipporoosp
' I,' •• • .= • '
• .
.I', •,•" j... - • .
•16. ' -31‘.. .t, • . . •(•.. , - 7
•
..1..1 ..ii •i . . . .
e-0.....„
3 ~*
. ;... d . • ~..- .") ,
1
~- ..• .. N.. & A.,.
.1
le,
4
NUMBER 1i86.)
li ---
KINS•:-.-., •. HFA IRE- • VICTUALLING-4.j
l'' ,w Illi IS PRrsEtls ;V EN ING, March% will be rpi iv comiwissioNEJ
1 p,„,nt.d i.,• Grant Serious Opera, emitted,
lk:RI FILE. A %Lome'. Nury do hereby die
End of the Fire Act will be it New Diverti.einent called the 19ch Instant, they wail 4e • i
`)
LJ' lAND. A L'AMOUR.
II
End d the i ipera will be the New (intuit Ballet of • writiug (sealed vep). and treat for
11
LA BELLE LAI HERE; ou, Blanche Reine De.Caagiri. Beef shall be demanded for the Us
---...._.
a .
THEATRE-ROYAL, DRUItY.I.ANE. Vessel, at Mai Ramsey, in anti
I 'HIS PRESENT EVENING,•March 9, Their separate Contracts), irons the Ist i
1 Ma/Cffilee SO:VIIIIlf will &a Us Tragedy of mit Ina/waist. To be paid for
DOUGLAS
Ninety 1J40,0 eller 'late.
•
I Serial, by the Young Rosiest Matilda, Mr, Powell.
Tu which will he added the Farce, The Conditions of the Caramels
OF AGE TO-MORROW. Ore; at this Ofre ; or by app
ill el 4'17..21-ROYAL, COVENT-GARDEN. for the I" wivalling at Doter.
lit ~ Enl i3(' k ESENT EVENING, March 9,wi1l be No Regard will In. had to any 7'eo
0 .
.. ~sad (2ith tirce), li-brew Content, in fore ads, called
THE 9011004 OF REFORM; net be marrted in f 1 ord. et lmeth,
• Or, How to .Rolea Husband. to the Hoard herirre One o'Clock
1 ~bidi Tow added f&tiiiirriej • New Musical Este, called lartrost. NOT motels die Penal, WI
H.A.,4 . . ort. •Pb•LCIC P
4 - • ~••••• an his Behalf, attends, to a
'• s •"" 114*Tite.la eof Lausanne.
•
• • i • --
VO TilF. PROPRIETORS 0:' EAST INDIA STOCK. NEW ARTICLE:
dots. I,sotts son Gant Liman T ADiEs of FASi-lION -
""--=Wr,
HE I)catn of Mr. STEPHEN WILLIAMS, /Jby ROBINSON, No. is
year Lite worthy Dirtier, having occaiiisiint a Vicancy Garden, that the Novelties is
CHAMSERRYS, ITALIAN S
4 was TRES, IMPERIAL NETS (pi:
on"cwher C'ejwYto.air beSulepolleatvetotosurenceediew hmiL,igl. mrialrlaittlanig Welt "'thee
ITALIAN AIUSLINS, UNIOI
~'":,te4,4,, jihtittadtaar'em,' fr
ig,,,mluithg,ale fully "laglc4,,,n:pwnli,,t,bsery;usamildal‘,.,i°,,," ~,of. , sever..l other elegant aLticles of lii
he 14r. tht.iii,reient seasun„ire oi.i, reedy
, talons, and iticcessfully terminate your friendly exertions;
km re,_ high and 'lettering api.rob
Is I shall at all tinie.acknowtedge with sentiment. ut gran. -1.•
Robinson has brought torwerd •
Thtro, I have die honour to 'r-, adu and respell.
It ker. • Ladies and Gein., men, honoured, hat StifflUllted 111, ft]
h,
Nee Sroadmlreet, Your-most obliged humble servant, die above Collcztion, windy he d
v.ll .t 1
~ den, SIAN* 9. 1405. JOHN JACKSON. Proeed•
, nun ....s.--..
as Mr. iiii..JACKSt/N's COM sl fTTEE meet at his Linen, India Muslin:, and aver, a
.I. House, New 1ir.,..-1 sir t, EVERY DAY, at Twelve and.Silelsderreerv, rr. t.,u41.
1%04 1.1. , '4, aid will be obliged by the 010111/111111CifilOtt of any J..
TO MERCHANT';, M
en. •endy iriformation. • ANL) WE
,TO&A
--.._----
TO IHE PROPRIETORS OF EAST INDIA STOCK. 1 OTHrit CONCERNS, N
write!: 3A RTN ERSHIPS in
t a lung
Ladies and fientteinen,.
THE death of Mr. WILLIAMS having left an meow and raid Rc.pectab.liqi
.A, Jpei i 1 1 (or the choice of a POW DllolfiOfe permit 115C10 Ha JOHN TO
N nited
delve nitro:lln Candidate to Seteeed hum, in the event Melee Esate and Navigable Canal Oft
I.OND
vaesoey being announced ; and en entreat the honour of year Where ,
Ca
e Rae.ate be lanais
loin sad ',ippon. I remain, with the greatest reopen,
n, asik
Ladles and Gelid, men , at liberty imam or Ise cumaderabl
Olave, in MERCANTILE ESTANAS
• Your MOS faithful and devoted humble Sersant.
--. JAS. PATTION• NIANUEACTORIES; also to
INA. King's Amos Yard. March 2, 11105. SHIPS * !jousts of kilo-
NB. Mr. Notion's Committee will set aver? day aft the Various lIR A NCHES of TR Al
Linea Heed Taming, in the Poultry, front 11 all 4. . Mills, Collieries. and Public Weir
mom RESPECTABLE Sf•CORITES
—_..---_
TO THE PROPRIETORS OF EAST INDIA STOCK. morn or leas co-isiderallr SUMt of
Lytle' and Gentlemen, i • and advantageously iivtst the v-i
HE public ground of the want of Professional •,, • Poetigges, and ether tackle
Mori.,. Asiotanee in the management of tour Naval Concerns, charged.
. THIS am the principal nintivo which otakreed me td stand forward lathe course of next week will I.
and
j 4 a Caaddate for a Volt to the Dirediu.: uti .0 a former Va. in 4tri. and illustrated with ft
•- 1; sod tbis comlidaratiou hating tecrimal Ilse sanetsun of r•HE. TOMB OF
of .
or loco, reoprcreAr pr,„,„.„.1„,,. who :,554 ~,*,-o ore to A
A M.SSSEETATIoN at /
g ..o tea %Ai:disbars for the favour of tour sopp .e
ort upon the from Al atidr, ~ and now iu the
rt. of
brims,
nt *erasion ;in ii.f OCIICC to the • qpin.ci lau now no , By KOWARIA DAME
tittenies
e - beoreeedlerist sorsa so year owl nom istiteb I Fellow of Jemas•Collt
, • doerto been restrained, be aim anxious "PIC to avo d
istnryi, Fides raeum m00n...,
.1, orily tre Wing In! kismet., as wail as tn.), ini own
Eno,ll. N or 'erudite Magni i
rsonal feelings of regret for the hoe et toy much linte,,tcd
in cosi-
Mod, rums, lawsrorthy &rector. Capt. Stephen Milani'. icy J. Punted N. It'.lff'
MO are e Postyy
I have Um i 10170•1, 1/3 be, Lintel and Cientletnen,
mo ad Gate, Loon-. , . ~r Ligiglito.. a.
Year destd bumble Servant.
' Ha...ea tort Prik..., ixit.rd.
Vale's Wa:lwood Rose, GEO MILLETS. ' ,--.,' . ytatertroie, Mar. 6, 1805. BUILDERS' •i!
Abu%
- Thit Day was publistred.,kir t.
t's Pet- SPR /Nre Wri IN V,the Ist of
, 4 ads. BEGINS DRAWING 13th MAY. 11105. r t 11-IF. BUILDERS' N
tt ..4. rrIIRRE never has been it Lottery of only 30,000 A ing a COR elks.- LIST
hairra A T,citers that ever pass e.l near the Nuinb2r of C itmal• , the must enunsi.; Sum- :n in ' L Itllldlgi NOM with widish this Scheitir abounds On inspection it en I r •,,„i...,,,,,, in 4.ni,.. ~.: ; in* i
be baudto aesneittiorsoly es many Capital Pose, es have heed pßreks. •
dit Ca- atrial el LOgOOfilef Or 60,000 Treloos, cud so Prize tender 20i. RC an EXPERIENC
limit. SCHEME Wdli a rAsi.F. of SCAN- L e hal at .of Prima. , Value of ..wn.
tro
Total Val Dtrilvs nn WINDOWS Niel
1 • L.z.: la 0.000 ..,,u,se.
.o 0 ton charging them.
I 20,000
'S, Sc. 3
A
repatis 1 ..... ...... 11,01.10
, , -bro.. Jr'.sla ofigfifie &AW Price W.O
and the 8 1,0011
i i Ann
doable 30 ...... lop
:,(S;* Ilc rtd in imord•, and 21 Kf.
mei SO SO
'verde, , , 10
terature, ,
..,,, Styles; with Plaits, suitable to
, ac. ~oao Tickets
I—",'"' moderate Fortune. Preceded by I
Capital, Determinable: r
'gents' p and Cheragler`proper for Pirters rot drawn, lettlay la 10.001 Larne s Es"i4uwilt r•th Day "4°3° I Architect ao4 I.arid.Survm or.
aloe and Ditto 9d Da .. 1,000 Ditto :tit Day a; PAO
....Gcr• Ditto 30 Day . , (1,000 Ditto itta Day rA/t:CO . Kork•-following was at
nits, 1U Ditto 4th Day .. 5,000 nine OthDay .. I I:,.0 i r Xi, Spring. Gardens, L.
W I Pf•• Mon sqi Mr .. 1,014) Ditto tOth Dav . 2,000 !" TatICIAN, Intrithe of the i
`I 011 h.
IICKFTS aid SHARES are redlitsg it entry Offize. , Roy ay, .pirnsigss tat kiWityil
,/(1,4 1114 PRESEN F PRICIi. k the Pr ver.stion or tb , Teeth; i
Ticket. . ~...,,
.L.lll 12 0 Regir r 00.ery laving ;Mussy's., from 4tr
14,1
pi..., 1..0 0 0 Eightn•:. ••• •••I- 2 9 0 the very hisfn ani iti,tiogiii<intet
gr. , Qntror 41501 Sr xtormth... • 14 6 Niglio... the . DUC I I ESS odic
• . • Tier Pubic, *heavens:shoos crf liaa.-.e nice Num- When
(oohs piano to die
ds, w.lt Er ~ we ressemied Ni be oarir indult eosin-wino to some of And Imposition 'eels the w
ater. Office., oho will tske. rare and engage the Numbers r, i, , 1 b • L Hell:ctron s .:k..ms as she re.
wanted .t the Sank of England. brarra. That .. Seen thilija.are," •
--- . Rut when real merit, Hail&
lie Sir PIIHE Reverend WILI.IAM BARCLAY'S Asserts A potter, a:id secs it
hen th: 1 ANTIRILIOUS DEOBSTR VENT PILLS .—The PA. Proud reason smiles that At
are remseetod to obsersythat es the greet benefit to be de • While quaek'ry falls—to ri.
ItlingO" meet bore the above P4P.111 Medicine depend. on tile Pills So will the free.hprn muse,
and 111. b ,'t geourne, 11,. Wit...tea lion. COlTlfiliffitailorl of the Praise where she cm, and e
Soup Duties hare been pleased to grant to the Rev. Wm. Alit, since tint Warts boas
__ Purley, the sale In .entor and Pao-mire of the Aritibilious The unbought weed of YC
I),4otruent Pilo, the name of "The Rev. Willitm Barclay, Slit, whom celestial charity
L.l.i.d-rtrett, Old Montlaitreat." to be encased is a black Queen of all hearts!—by ev
rF r '''. tulip, which stamp is 'Axel to each box, all others are eriun• For *loon the vrity'rs of lII'
Wit.- ; not; and any person rending the same 'Or b- pmseeto,ed Awl waft their grateful Ides
o!• the utmost severity of the law. They have been used Si," to whom yet distress ne
INII." • ", soet•ms by many C05,.....ne1s s smensst whom he has the Bit Cfillfil how great, how
•• -it to rank the frirl nein drat we . I WI sit —;R 's 11 t g tag he. Pet* ale.,lllustrious YORK ,-...i.a.ie i
• 1.4 -e: th- Swehhishisp of Canterberv—The ILOrd WIN, Thy aim is sanetion'd fur th
..m.the
,h;:in,
,18 . Koh .awl tVellei-Sir John Hisityleond, Ram M.P for Flo- MEDICAL ELECTRICI'I"
'''-""—Sir O;e:dtei. Lu.hington, Bart MP. for itenryii-ooF. It has been clearly stated by du
llobta`t A.oun, EM Mt I.itehheld—Jarnew %mean E.q. NI P. for others that Electricity adiuinist.
tessfs l” • ~ithamproli—O..4 forremer, lf.m .94 -P. iir W4l; Weider—K,. harmless' remedy, an ;sesta' nt to
4(1. SU,
'4.'.lCalveirt, Rio . M.P. for I l'enfor.!--Ediri ..... I Itehm, Esq. 'piratical to its quantum' and n
noraiia•
Paeareel•Sprieg gardeets-.ollwists Ilaiiiiiierdrv, Fast Pall- gusts the body, which elle., go
be erne/ all--G W. Draftee, Esq. Private Seca tam IP tha Archindlop eider incident to the human Ira,
IMO."'
sesuhlthurs--dhs Rey. Kr. 1hni...1., Lihronan to the An di. of numbers at all periods of fhei
Kee sine
'via The MAl:tines are told at Mr F. Kerb.'s, !Stafford- nauseous medicines, composed
the Port. 'O.l, (Nit Rotel itre4t-oAllr.,9trstroll; Pef re/Pets I.olorster ha e ~roved ineffectual, if not dee
:disclose
"..,6-...Mt Parity, ~.therwtt. Poultry (hts Salter .1114 Co ) Mr. Buhl, must respectfully
pree'
and Pat' Mess. Barrotapd 44i, Oefoul.sriset-111r. Who, Royal bilits, Gent.y, his Frauds, and I
'Omar -o•Mr hiti.:hdl,VAlledical Repository. I.n•ta-acre,.. house, No. 35, Sorinuir lens,
endear, fr. I.9vraot, No. :114, Haillaurn—and Mr Butter, No. 4, and Milos:me! Phil. an e'll'en.i••
/"Ptedei earner of hiermareccos. Where nut el Al b.. had, MEI/ICAL ELECTRIC Af• M.
the Sas' `fellossour MAh fAhigtV,G lif/xliej/boo, wham. happy er-, Is in the Eleatic dither is mednotOy a
a P dad lt sever,.• emes have powered the omit distiiigualied pa. and wilett•
Strand. 'map :-.- the ft. r. Win. Nerclay'a Specif, fur the sun. and ' Mr. B. Ratters himself that, ft
....WI .41 relief .-•f the Grit; hie Salvias( for the Cure of Stone, the number of critical cases he to
, No. 0. Voldtds Nei sous Corhal Drop.; an, his Volatile Oils manner of his applying tho Ft 'CU
JOSI HI •. eration Cre she Curt., of the amt, Rhertmativin,&e. all faction he has given on all ocean
Cledeon 11661 Medimuee, mho 'swam, must hate the aboveines (atom seammandatiopi, which
1190.84) 11 asp. knowlcilged.—Advice every Mon
I . ..

rfo;Tracti ve service. The Nnile See
some of the arguments he had mod
•
ANNIltj

-`*.!

former debate in support of the Additional Defence
Bill, and contended that, from the united operation
and effeas of the different measures for the regula-
lion of the military system, the army was consider-
ably increased, and in a progressive state of im-
provement and increase; so that, upon the whole,
there was every reason to hope for the expelled
state of amelioration. With respea to discipline
and increased numbers, it was therefore evidently
unsafe materially to alter or derange that system.
From the plans that were now in operation for or-
ganising the force for limited service, the Regular
Army or disposeable force would be materially be-
nefitted. From what he had stated, he trusted it
would appear to their Lordships, that no fewer than
48,000 men had been added to our military force
within the year, as well by the ordinary mode of
recruiting, as the other means of raising men, which
were in a train of operation. He contended, that
on the grounds of 28,000 men being raised
within-so short an interval, the prospea of a tar
greater and progressive increase, and the certainty
of an improved and improving state of discipline
and preparation ; it was evident no necessity what-
ever existed for the proceeding called fur by the
noble Lord's motion. Proceeding again to a de-
tached consideraeion of the subjeft, he contended,
that from the numbers raised already in the course
of the present year, there was every right, taking
an average cakulation, to suppose that 24,000 men,
at least, would be raised before the expiration of the
year. Let these numbers be compared with the
numbers of men raised within the same intervals, at
former periods, and the general conclusion would
be still more strongly in his favour. The present
aggregate military -force was within se small a num-
ber as 8000, of what it amounted to in the conclud-
ing years of the date war ; taking the subject in
every passible point of view, the Legislature, and the
Government were called upon to persevere in the
system already laid down; the more especially.
when the situation of the country, with relation to
foreign powers, and still more so, with respell tothe
enemy, was considered ; and particularly as tar
as a disposeable force was concerned. His Lord-
ship spoke shortly in defence of the Army of Re-
serve BiU, deeming it upon the whole a good Mea-
sure, and through which, a number of men were
raised; but at the same time admitted its unavoida:
bly injurious tendency, in raising, through the me-
dium of competition, the bounties to a vety high
rate. With respell to the Noble Baron's calcula-
tion, that not a greater number than 51,000 men
were obtained for general service, he begsed
to differ from him. By his referring to the docu-
ments. he thought, it must incentrovertilny appear
that 74,000 men were at least obtained for that
service. In reference to the idols suggested, rela-
tive to the biack corps, he had to observe, that
steps were taken for the amelioration of that part of
our colonial &nee ; and is to the rules by which we
sea were guided, in selecting troops for the West
India station, be had only to remark, that care was
taken, that such men were preferably seat out, as
were least likely to be injured by those climates.
Upon the whole, he trusted, that he had proved,
awl he hoped the determination of their Lordships
would evince it, that no adequate mason or ground
existed for the appointment of such a Committee
as was moved fur by the Noble Lord.
Earl STANHOPE said, that the notification of
the motion now before the House had induced hie
attendance this night. He thought the motion of his
Noble Friend one of the best in every point of view,
that could possibly be devised, in the present cir-
cumstances offthe country : the motion did his Noble
Friend credit, as well as his mode of treating the
subjea. The Noble Secretary of State, who an-
swered, or the rather, who attempted to answer
his Noble Friend, expressed his hope the House
would decide against the motion ; and his hope, his
wish, and his advice to the House were that the mo-
tion should be agreed to. From the general terms
of the motion, which was, that a Committee be ap-
pointed to revise tie Ads that have been passed the
two last Sessions, for the defence of the country,
it was allowable for him to enter into a discus-
sion of these Afts, of one of them, at least, be should
do so, and he trusted in such a way, although it '
was considered by his Noble Friend, in that point of
view, as that he should convince their Lordships its
leading provisions were znischevious, injurioes, and
absurd. The view taken by his Noble Felted of
the act to which he alluded, was chiefly of a mili-
tary nature. In what he had laid down in that view
of it, be agreedotrith his Noble Friend, but Use view.
he should take of it was a still more impoi tam oat.
The fad of its predacity but a very sreallnumber of
men. was a disadvantage, but its most objedionabk
effects lay deeper, and in these views of it, the con-
sequences of the measure were truly alarming. Were
he to sate fi OM memory, certain claws anal provisi-
ons of the Bill to which he alluded. their Lordships
would regard it to be impossible, that any Aft of
Parliament should contain such clauses and provi-
sions. But be had a printed copy of the Bill in his
pocket, to tkis he would refer, and if any of their
Lordships doubted the correetness of his print, they
could compare it with the statute upon the table.
It was the Ad for raising and maintaining a per-
manent Additional Force, 4c. and passed the 29th
day of June last. In the With union of this Aa, for
he wished regularly to refer their Lordships to the
chapter and verse which he quoted, the parish
officers were entitled to certain sums. In the 24th
seltion. the bounties were not to exceed three-
fourths of the money which should from time
to time be allowed as bounties, for the in-
fantry for general service. This was done, no
doubt, from a conviction that three-fourths of the
bounty would be more acceptable than the whole
/A lead end general lac b/ ; or it might be done upon
a calculation of the difference in value, between men
so raised. and those enlisted for general sea vice. By
the 33d Se Rion, inspeetors were so ascertain the de-
ficiencies io the - doers allotted - raised by the
of the peace
in propor-
e Skh clause
be levied, but
They were then
but he wished
to be in-
the prices of
v ! The last
tly, he bad
. referred to
nay, it went

something deeper, and, to the full, made as effeitive
a part of the famine-mongering system ! (a laud I
laugh.) This was a strong incontrovertible reason
for the committee required by the motion, in order
that at least such a nuisance, such an engine in the
system of starvation, may he done away. It was
not only helping to starve the poor, but, through a
rise of the price of labour, to raise the price of ma-
nufaftures, and so injure their sale in foreign mar-
kets ; from that would spring the ruin of the com-
merce of the country, thence the ruin of its navy
and the shipping interests, and, with these, the ruin
of its military defence. The antidotes to these
dreadful disorders may be had in the discontinu-
ance of a system which starved and fami
the people. Better were it not to tax the farmers
at all; for whatever taxes were laid on them, would,
in case of all dire& taxes on the tallow chandler,
the brew.a., &c. induce a rise in prices of grain and
corn, articles of the first necessity. The rise in
these would necessarily beget a rise in the prices of
labour ; and that by a necessary and mischievous
progre,sion would re-all, so as to produce a still
further rise in the prices of corn and grain. The
efFe& of the Bill was direly to tax the farmer, in
addition to all his other, and increasing burthens.
It was obvious that the prices of provision had in-
creased, were increasing, and ought to be dimi-
nished. He knew not what the opinion of one of
the Secretaries of State might be on these topics;
but what was once the opinion of his father, he well.
knew, from a book written by that personage while
Mr. Jenkinson. He feared it was nut of print ; but
he would advise the Noble Secretary of State to
have it reprinted; for a better written, more learned,
more legal, or more' constitutional book he never
read. The conduit of the late Minister, in many
points of view, civil as well as military, was such
as redounded greatly to his honour, and he hoped
that person, now a Member of that House, and a
Minister again, would alt consistently with his for-
mer principies, and vote against the Bill that night.
One of his best measures was the arming of the
people, though they were not so generally armed as
he could wish. It would be imprudent in the ex-
treme, however, to place arms in the hands. of the
people, and afterwards to starve them ; but he
thought the Minister alluded to would do well
to vote against the measure, the dangerous
and destruo;ve measure of those who had
abused him unworthily. Abused by a man of more
brilliant talents, but of less sound sense and judg-
ment, the late Minister has more good sense in his
little finger, than the presmt Chancellor of the Es-
chequer has M his whole body 1 (a laud laugh).
Hie great thing; that would be done, if the present
Minister came into power, were clamoure i all over
the town. His vigorous measures and effeilual plan.
of dete:,ce were loudly spoken of. Well, he tfd come
iuto power, and what was the cony•quence the
mountainswere in labour—thisnoisy mountainwas in
labour—and outsprang, what ?—a ridiculous mouse!
(Lazed sad :carrel lassihterl. A Royal Duke, whom
he saw now in his place, was not present when his
Noble Fri sod addressed the Noose—else he would
have heard some strong reasons against the regula-
tion of enlisting men for life.—They should'
certainly be engaged for a shorter time. He
begged leave to mention that idea, ia the
presence of His Royal Ilighaeu (the Duke of
York had no; Icing before entered the House).
There was a very able trait on the subjeß, written
by Lieutenant Colonel Wilson, it was " An Enquiry
into the State of the Army." He strongly recom-
mended the total abolition, except in some very rare
cales, of corporal minishment in the army; this
principle h • strongly recommended to the consider-
ation of those who hail the power of ailing noon it.
As to the other parts of the subject, his Noble Friend
had done it so much justice, that he would not add
another word, than to express his hearty assent to
the \lo;

The E \ RL rr RONINEY began by expressing
his surprise at the whole of what had been said by
the Noble Earl who had jests sat dawn, and most
particularly s., in what he had said as to his Noble
Friend opposite (lased Caars.len), having brought
the army into a state of undiseipline at the time he
was Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. a Su far from that
beiug the case," said Lord Romney, " I verily believe
that it is to the excellent measures arid strenuous ex-
ertions of that Noble Earl, that we owe the safety
of Ireland, and without which that part of the
empire would have been lost to this. Sn far from
injuring the discipline of the Arosy, his Noble Friend
had put arms into the hands of a large body of 11i1030o.
zealously attached to the cause of their sing and
country, whose loyalty then impelled them to offer
their services to combat insatereftion and rebellion
within, as welt as t le enemies without the country,
and which men (we imagine his Lordsbip alluded to
the Yeomanry) had been brought to as high a state
of discipline as those of any army in the world. Bet
there was one part of the speech of the Noble herd
who spoke last that was nage% extrae.rsiinary indeed:
ke said that !louse had first dared to put arms into
thehands of the people., and then, afterwards, had
dared to attempt their starvation. Good God t
what bad they slow ? When he heard the words, his
hair stood on end ! The Noble Earl imputes that to.
their Lordships which was altogether the ad of
Providence, viz, a bad crop. the eff:.l.s of which he
knew and larner.:e.l as much as anyone. Their Lord.
shipscouid not co.ltroul the seasons, nor make the corn
grow ie. r.pite of their opposition; had we obtained
a fair crop, he was certain there would have been no
occasion fir discontent—that under the guidarce
of Providence was the sole cause of die high
prices which had taken place in the necessaries
of life, and it wa:. not fair to itrtput them to any
aft of the Legislature." His Lordship begged
pardon for this digression, into which he had natu-
rally been led by the observations of the Noble Earl,
and then proceeded to advert to the Bill in question
iu this debate. He allowed that it had not fully
answered the intentions for which it was framed ;
but he attributed this, in a considerable degree, to
have happened from the Bill not having as yet had
a fair trial. He knew, however, tram pretty good
authority, that it was the intention of the Right
Hon. Gentleman who framed it, to snake many ma-
terial alterations in it ; and he had no doubt that by
these means it might be made proJuSive of great
and important advantages to die service and defence
of the country ; and, in matters of this kind, he
should wish such aiterati ms as neigh; be necessary,
to come from that quarter. flit Lordship said, he
never was, nor ever would be, the ?max), any adusi-

•
nistration ; but he would never do any thing which
might tend to distress them at such times, especially
as the circumstances of the country
,required for
them support. The Noble Earl who spobe last had
stated that the people were distressed and discon-
tented, and our manufadtures on the decline, and
the manuffiaurers unemployed. He was happy to
say, he had every reason to believe the very reverse
to be the truth of the fat; that our manufaeures
are in the most prosperous and flourishing state, the
people perfettly contented and happy in the pleas-
ing contemplation that their situation abounds wikh
the greatest blessings, when they compare with it
that of every other nation in Europe; and, from the
confidence they reposed in the present Government,
he believed they were itaanimous in their zeal and
enthusiasm for the defence of the country, and of
the blessings they enjoyed under our invaluable
Constitution. His Lordship then adverted to the
Volunteers, to whose exertions and ardour he gave
great praise, and particularly to those of his county
(Kent). which, he declared, were as well disciplined
as any army in the world need to be. He was sorry,
he said, to have detained their Lordships so long,
but he had been led on to say more than he intended,
from a wish to throw a proper degree of light on
the gloomy piaine which the Noble Earl who spoke
last had drawn of the state and situation of the
country. His Lordship concluded by saying that
the present Motion should have hi: hearty dissent.
The Earl of CARLISLE said, that if inquiry
was so necessary last year as had been held to be
by certain Noble Lords on the opposite side of the
House, he was at a loss to find out why it was not
equally so at present. Those Noble Lords were
last year the most strenuous and vehement for an
inquiry into the state of the military defence of the
country, because they then said the measures pur-
sued, and pursuing by the then Administration,
were weak, inefficient, and inadequate to the pur-
pose : every abuse was thrown on the folly, inca-
pacity, and imbecility of those who brought,forward
those measures ; and a Noble Earl, now in this
House, but who was then at the head of His Ma-
jesty's Administration in the other House, was
driven from M. place on account of the imbecility of
those measures. Such a proceeding, he believed, was
never known before. He then adverted to Wire
these measures were, which were then called so in-
adequate, and said, the last of than was the Noble
Lord's Army of Reserve Bill; the reason given for
the violent abuse of which was that it produced only
a few men ; but now comes this poor, wretched, con-
temptible Parish Bill, which turned Parish Officers
into recruiting serjeants,and yet produced fewer men,
bur is now called a better Bill, and all inquiry into
it is unnecessary. His Lordship supposed the,No-
ble Lords would carry the argument up to its ut-
most climax, and contend that a Bill that raised no
men at all, would he the best of all possible Bills.
It was like the man of the Play" who complained
that
Ili+ wound was bad hecaus it was Ys small ;
then replied another,
It would be larger had you noise at all.
In answer to the argoment of the Noble Earl who
spoke last, that the Bill had not had a fair trial, his
Lordship observed. that it had been passed as a Bill
that was to have a speedy and forcible elle& ; that
was to produce men in great numbers. and in a
short time; and if, after several months, it is al-
leged that it has not nad a fair trial. Why wa, it
ever brought forward ? Why was it ever aced on
It teas to supersede measures which had raised a
' great many men in a very litt'e time, but which
were pretended by the frames of .his Bill to be inef-
ficient and imbecile, yet tutu out to be a more
weak and ricketty brat than any of them. His
Lordshipcontended further, that the Committee now
moved for by his Noble Friend would embracc many
points more than that as to the number of men which
had been raised under this Bill, and deprecated the
hackneyed and antiquated argument of Ministers not
being pressed in time of war, as that to which theit
Lordships ought not to lend an ear. He said such
a Committee w. uld very properly inquire into the
propriety of what had been suggested as to enlisting
men fur a limited time of service, which had been
highly recommended by many excellent writers on'
military affairs, as particularly relating to our own
service : the Militia and Volunteer system might
also come under their revision ; and though he had
the highest opinion of both the Militia and Volun-
teers, there were, no doubt, many improvements
which yet might be made in both those systems.
He thought inquiry seas full as necessary now as it
was last year, and he expeeled an answer flora that
strong phalanx of Ministers who sat opposite to him,
which should, at least, contain some reason why in-
quiry was so necessary and so loudly called for in
the case of the weak and imbecile measure of the
Noble Lord (Sidmouth), and so very unnecessary
in that of the present Bill. which is far the weakest
and most imbecile of any that has yet been produced.
On these grout:ds he Mould vote for the Motion of
I his Noble Friend

Lord HAWKESBURY said, he was anxious to
obtain their Lordships attention in this early part of
the debate, and to give his reasons for ohjeaing to
this Motion, which was, in fa', in its direa and ulti-
mate tendency, nothing less fiats to desire their
Lordships to devolve the whole Military Defence of
the Country to a Cannnittee of that House. This
was not the professeao ljedt of the Motion; but the
manner in ,vhich it was couched and worded, went
that length io the effees attendant on it. He saw,
however, most clearly, that it went to express to
the world a want of confidence in Ministers; and
the fair and manly way to do this would be by
an Address to His Majesty to remove them. Having
stated this, he adverted immediately to the Military
state of the country. The first question was the
general amount of the force. '1•o hear the argu-*
ments used by Noble Lords, any stranger would be
inclined to believe it was very trifling indeed, or less
than it had ever beea. If, however, the fait should
turn out to be the very reverse of this, what could
justify their Lordships in taking the military affairs
of the country out of the able hands in which they
are now placed, to put them into their own ? The
present total amount of the forces was very little
under 4.00,000 men, exclusive of volunteers, which,
taking the population of Great Britain and Ireland
at 15,000,000, the fourth part would amount to
about 3,750,000, so that of the aEhve population,
we have as many as one man in ten. His Lord-
ship then proceeded to compare this with the force
employed is other countries, and began with

kt ficiencies in the numbers allotted to be ra
t respeflive parishes, on which justices of
were authorised to assess such parishes,
skin to the deficiencies aforesaid ; ;he
tutted, that such penalties should be
not paid oat of the poor's rates. The:
necessarily to fall upon the farmers ; bui
to know, how these farmers were
siemnified. How ? but by raising the
c.ro and provisions ippon the people!
i
hill, which ailifillifiXhabitthin • s direal
rsingly to o.
,1: NI . , 0...1. \ now
was Nay [A, 16...:011;10. ,t, : -,,
nas
w 4 " it, " Vl.)
0... '
. ‘.
_ . s'4) virs. •c. a%
