LirEn ;TURF.

fat the time and on the spot, without any shailingor polish-
ing to rub off the sharp edgesof simple facts. It is a book
which we can conscientiously recommend to our readers,
as containing a rich fund of entertainment and instruction,
with rein ct to a highly interksting thoudi a barbarous
people.

DUPUIS' OF A
LnrAnENcr. IN
AsIIANTE

ICsochieled from one last.l
We now come to the diplomatic part of our author's
usratire, and, in giving an account of it, we shall,, fares THE erxs()Rsuip (do THE pitExcy pREss.
,„r wet t. ill permit, use the words of our author, and
—siosim—
,mi are do, lest some should suppose, that we, like 'Mr.' We have re: rived the articles which were suppressed on Monday
Li_ last, Irmo the f:totarifelfrorel and the Cuartke Prorteeis. ft
version of the story to he warped
Pi ;:ratif, Buff red our vert
appears that Ow Editors of those papers did tint • pet that the
our prejudices, or for the purpose of serving the selfish and censorship will be in Ponce until Tuesday, the tanildittlit'd rule in
si, r rion of our friends. The follovring is an account France
poise. Franc, tieing, that co lawn, rrilinanceshafi have effect until twenty.
of the first interview between Me. Dupuis am' illiv King of four hours after its promulgation. T! 4 ordinance hi, the renewal
ihii„linie. After delivering the presents, the British envoy of the censorship having appeared in tin: Mold/ear of Monday, the
'Messed the King.
This
oratory, he
admit,, was nther conductors of the other papers, finding that they had 24 hours before
them, prepare their journals in the usual way. On Monday
mined by the deficit nries of his interpreter, who, though
e I hoot ver, aI: ..... toissary of Police waited upon the Editors,
plerably conversant with Illit English language in ordinary &
aid hm,' uto ::,eta the iI*IIIIII ing kite,' :
instti rs,. was no adept at the pitraseoirgy nips:site for so •• Patis, August IC, 11124.
digtifit II au !amino' Ile anitittrehange of compliments bc. Y, Sus— An ordinance of the King, dated yesterday, and itiserted
of their r,... hs.elay in the Marti/sr, sipnifying that the laws of the 31st March
twrrn so,. re.gli', "Iching the weighty mum,
.. I MN, awl of the 2fidi July 11121, relative to the journals, should be
olive status. !Its speech was to the following meet :
, airt,...aiiiii.,punt„imokfornefee;..alnuliaonnot, ihierntminglinaaaceapopfealitill,laijeinscy,,,ereygmo:atto-
°The Kies of Ftigland, whose servant I am, 'Mutes the King it!
Aui.l„ in ware; roil salutes all the great captains, his frieml , h
Milli this evening to the lintel of the Director of Police, Ni. 1111,
Ind lies people. The King of Englanil, one of the i;reaterit U
Rue
ad,: Itl,reenrcel4,:it.bll!epruisraiinsiwtri,
topmibciftitioLthceiat,iitimimal, of
an iiiiliaicp.li
anrhs ti( the whites, having heard, by the ?rum of some?! his
alAcrrs who visited Cnomasay three yeah bark, that the King of proved, if proper (s'il y • lieu).
A.err,t.... 11,,,i received them with respee„ and haled them with 1
" Act-q.t. Sir, the assurance of my perfect consideration,
ii,dr,,,,, eeMiceil to think that the King was a friet.d. This in.,
'" The Couusellor of State, Prefect of Policts.
dt,---, him to makes', acknowledgment, such as it was hoed would i
.' DEL•Y•tf."
he irritable to his Majesty. Ile has, therefore, been plea• il to
j The Editors of the papers had, of course, no alternative, and
am.. t me the hearer of hie sentiments ; in token of which, I am
the proofs or their papers were sent to the police as desired. The
un-i • h t In deliver to the King of A shower. The',
vorust... with a prevent
the i censors, as 111, ir CU already stated, were not sparing in the eser.
ging of England knew the King of A•tiante- from his wars nn !cise of their power. Even the I. tier of M. I)elitvau, which the
era.:„am. tong before his people visited Cooniassy ; but he did not , cs.r,ie,
Froscuie hue iniertel by way of explanation to its readers,
how until that event, that 1 • 3 i
his - I*-"7 was no lc" "Pcctrd fm was struck out ; and also, amosigst other things, • theatrical rent.
sionspitable inatinent of strangers, t an nnowned as a warrior.
friend,, clam anon a new melo-drama, in which plebeian virtue is made to
Influenced by these feelings. the King, my master,
sl a 1 tritiaph over arinocrat le tyraony. The MOO curious article in the
earnestly invites the King of Ashantee to cultivate mace between
way of news whirl till' it soot suppressed is the following. It is
,y, me jeM4, and to moist hint in enemiraging • trade that would be
a other proof of the lilessinl sate of that country, for which a set
productive of good to the country. toed hen fit the people. I have
of speculators, ramie of them, we regret to state, natives of this
been a long time tin the coast, ITN re than tweee moons, *siting in . country,
ant endeavouring to raise a loin for the purpose of crush.
woo! to sir hi. Majesty ; hut W4ll prevened travellmg at an ear. ing ti e iiitlependelice of south Antenna.
her period, in consequence of the interruption of intercourse by the
(Ervin the Cow., irr Pealsettia.)
Gainan war, and also of the rainy sewn. 's'e have received si venal letters fawn Samgrna, all of which
The dispute between the King and the Dovernor has been a sub. I
, Hier the same recount of the disorders which have just jaken plaits
Pet of&.a.l4""""ein and ringed in me. bit'si°4 it cnuld not fa" to an that city. It appears that some of those fanatics who enjoy
gin dissionfartion to the Kini, of England. and his great captains, there a gnat popularity, 4.14 who bad thought it prudent to alma.
that the "Intuit" black' 141'4'1'1 hay' "1 roux 4 di"inite• and don the plat e when • Frenth gurrivion entered, ell holdi net, by the
procularly at a time when so much had bait done for the good of !
impunity which has accompanied their crimes, have audaciously
aIL inflamed the r -entered Smarten, and await) real of their jwtisans.
If, I hrrefare, the King of Ashantee has any thing to say against I re.
. the) seized adroitly, as pretexts for this purpose. the disarming of
the ""e turn, let ilwr."" he Mt"' tt. for I dare ailinn that the ! the division del Hop, and an order of the laptain-fleneral. which
thin:; of England would ton permit ally of his Pin* t° give "fill' 1 prohibits the Royalist volunteers from wearing their swords when
to the King of Ash:inter. wilfully and *Rhino CAM!. At the acme lon' duty. They socceeded in ruining a Maly of :1010 men, chiefly
tune n as my ditty to &dare to the King, that if he injure the lan.
volunteers. a part of which (Mee appetites! before the lintel of the
Ternor and white rum. he may certainly expect it will deprive hint ' Count d'Espann. insulting him greasily, and shouting, " lawn with
of dry III:IAil r's friendship, and be attended with disastrous cow. the police !"• Death to the French !" Another body proceeded to
wl.Ol.
the house of the Intendant of Pointe, and insolteet him in a similar
Ills Majesty, after expressing his exultation to his „,j,,,,,.y. The famaiu.fieneral, accompanied by oil one perms
captains and nobles at this gracious ntirsion, replied : milled from his house email,
among the and with drawn sabres,
T
/her is well; I not now very happy, because you are come, and 'laying right and left, drove the cowardly wretches to the very
an ire stilt your 111.111 errs, and bear with your own ears, what is !gates of the city—shouting, however, in their Hight--"MaMek !
mit ; and now you shall settle all disputes. With this assurance motor* Tar vu solo !"—( kill him, kill him, he is alone.) At see
I cos tlisilii,Vll. of the extremities of the en y they were joined by *great number.(
At a sobs -rent interview, the author reads his ereilen- their friends, but they dispersed at the sight apt the French troops,
who, at the solicitation of the Count of Espana, had arrived with
fiats to the King, who fists; front his seat, and with niany
eilrnartiiilad ler
.r,
ee ern
t the df the, vl of the r.
ristieulations takes an oath of fidelity to the King of
ite.he I arrested e 4 amonparturego them .me
ancouier whinera
is called Chowing
Gnat Britain ; this oath is also repeated, to noisily tit'. Antra (live years), and who bra acquired great celebrity by hie
mime (Hint, by a number of his print-iv:a nalcs, and crime.. TN: Captain-General has published an order against the
charges are given by the King, tt.at the author should be assembly of ',emu:win the streets beyond the lured' tour. I
grated as his son.

Some time afterwards, a conversation took place, which
threatened to intertupt the amicable arraimentents which
hal hitherto sliewn so flsetering an stns.:trance. The
Nine ili,coverell that the worthy authoritic, at 'ape Coast
Castle had been cheating hint most unmercifully in the
run they had sent him, the commodities being of very in-
f•rior quality, anti greatly overcharged in price. Mr.
lhitsttis could not deity the gro ((((( 1 of his .Majesty'scont-
nlsint ; but at la%t, after a conference, of which the sub-
joined is an official draft, anti much discussion, a new
treaty, or, as they termed it, book, was made up, and
the author obtained leave to depart.
We. the undersigned officer. and gentlemen. who accompanied
the mission under change of Consul Dupuis, were present at the
audience of the loth of 31arth„ he.
The King declared it to be his filed reminds:lt not to give up his
lawful claim to the sovereignty of the maritime WWIu and provinces
of which Cape (*oast formed a part. Ile declared that the Hover.
nor. in fie from disputing that point with him, was actually neg.).
(urine for Mr people, and had appealed foe a reduction of the de-
mand of 1,61114 miners of gold, which it was represented San more
than they could Aron] to pay. The Ina-swum and the linguist
Alinah both corroborated what had been stated, the rOrtliff with
many vehement protestations of sincerity. The King moreover
&dared, tint n. he had " sen the Consul's fare," he gave tip his
veto onions of 11410 ounces of gold demanded by him of the (ic.
Pile (the King) protested that he haul been deceived by Mr. Dow.
(Itch, who had Anoint-0y told hum before his eapt•lns, and in the
01. the Vut onsul's %mant l'uffine, that the penalty fur break.
riz-t-rlaw was a tine of phi, he.
The Consol tout the King that he did not dispute his word ; but
a treaty au teamed was not valid, flute was it a treaty, as the Ihiver.
nor had nu authority to pay hint money on account of the King of
England.
illtness our hands, Re.
(Sigurd) Brw.laaelw 141.1.01 f.
kiasuta
1). 31ILL
IVILLIAM lIVTION.
71.11 second declaration was an follows:
I, George Abro.4ll, recently appointill linguist to the mission,
Re. do certify, that the message sent by the Governor to the King,
and interpreted by me, he. was in substance as follows :
" The King most not demand any gold limit the castle, and for
Reclaim upon the town of I 'ape Coast, the I:overflow promises to
settle that inlayer, provided the King will hike something tar, he.
The gentleman who was carrying up presents front England, had
nothing to do with the palaver, and merely came out front the King
at England to Ice him."
In witness, Re.
Ti. mark of YI tikoitUS AbIOAA.

31:41).1.11E RIEWP'S WILL.

The Will is dated the 12th day of June, 1821 (shout eight days
barite her decease). Atter a preamble, which appears conformable
to the custom of hii native country and of the religion in which
she bad beat educated, the testatrix directs that her remains may
be at thy disposal of her brother-in-law, Ihm Miguel del Mega,
I 'anon of the Cathy lnil of held°, who had accompanied her to
England, and wl she appoints executor of her last will. Foe
placing her remains at his disposal she assigns this reason :—" That
lie may take them where he may think proper, and that they may
be removed to Spain, and deposited with those of nor husband,
should they be found, when the liberty of my country is re-
established."

The testatrix then proceeds thus--" I also declare, that It is my
will, that all the jewels belonging to the perion of my husband,
whatever they he, and wherever they may he fouml, be delivered up
to the said Irother-iii-law, Don Miguel del Meg°, as likewise the
sword, the property of she Nation, the use of which was conferred
011 my husband during his life-time. and which he kept pure and
amulets, in order that my said brother-in-law may take care of it,
and, when eircumatances allow, may deliver it up to the nation, law.
fully assembled, as decreed by thy (tortes."
After directing the disposal of her wearing apparel, jewels, and
other property. in fIVIDUr of her sisters, and sister. in-law, except a
certain gold nog with a diamond solitaire which hail been presented
en her husband, and which she desires her brother-in-law to take
for himself, site testatrix the black silk handkerchief. the
'only kgary that my de:eased husband could have me, as a token
of his seniembrance, during the last painful moments a his life, it
is my will that my brother-in-law should keep by him, to wheel
round the hilt of the *word, which Is to be returned to the nation, as
above said, when eircuinstances shall permit."
After nuneatly reroinwending her sisters and brothers to the
care and direction of her hrothcr-in-law, the testatrix subjoins.—
" Deeply grateful for the proofs of interest, esteem, and respect,
which have been sheen me In this country, into which I was driven
by the political tettirest that shipwrecked my own, I wish and eo-
n C4l my brother-in-law, Ihm Niguel, to present the last memorial
of my gratitude to •
all those •
those persons who have honoured and favoured
me • • •
" Considering it a duty in me, and an act of justice slue to the ex.
repent memory of my beloved husband, I declare, in the awful pre.
sence of my tilt/, before whose tribunal I am on the point of ap.
Fearing, that all his sentiments and private conduct, his anxious
cares and wishes for the liberty and happiness of his country, have
always been in strict conformity with his public actions ; his noble
soul wholly filled with the purest and moat ardent design for her
political independence, her civil liberty, and the peace and prospe-
rity of her citizens, with ' any other wish or personal ambition
titan the glory of devoting to her his service, and his life.
"And wishing to have the consolation of manifesting in thelaat
momenta of nay life the love I have always entertained for my coun-
try, both on account of natural ties, education, and duty, and oldie
powerful Influence produced by the heroic example of nay hus-
band. I cannot help expressing, in this my last will and testament,
the anxious wish I feel for the domestic peace, happiness, and last-
ing prosperity of niy beloved country 4 entreating most ardently
every ono of her eons, every Spaniard alive to her niisfortune • and
present troubles, to co-tribute by every means in hit power to re-
Shift her to her sacred and unalienable rights. And although I
descend taa my tomb with the firm conviction that the atifferings and
last sacrifices of my late husband lion Rafael del Riego will be
always present to the memory of every good Spaniard, and valued
as they deserve, as well as his nuttily, which is also my own, I ask
them, with my dying breath, to cast a look of compassion over my
orphan sisters and brothers when cite 1111 l stances may allow it.
•• And inasmuch as the General Ordinary and tortes did decree
and grant, in the month of June, 11121, an annual tension of.
eighty thousand real. to be paid out of the national funds or erre-
noes to the Demirel lion Rafael del Illego, for himself, his wife,
and children during their lives, which decree was ordered to be cur.,'
tied into alert, notwithstanding tho decisive and definitive reams-I
elation of it by the late Deism! Infore the Cortes ; and Inasmuch
as be did not receive a part of this pension during his life. nor I'
sailer his death, and having no children to wham it might deacead,
I declare it to be my last will, that the stain which should be due to
ow, up to the last day of nay life, be applied to the relief of the
widows and orphans of those good Spaniards, who, loyal and faith-'
ful to their oaths, fell, like my husband, in defending the liberty 11
land independence of my country."

IVltnt+ses,
isvi 111 (,I t IX%
I,ACII) At. litt. I

Upon r. fair and impartial view of the whole of these
transactions, 'we must confess that it appears to us, that
the conduct of the ltritish Audioritiiii at l'ape Coast Castle
has lain far front exhibiting that sincerity, or honesty, for
which our nation stands proudly distinguished in every
other part of the world. There seems to have been, first
aeries of low chicanery and cunning—then of boasting and
eery bravado, end lastly' a scene of abject fear and terror,
*hen they had exciteil the just indignation of the 11.srbs-
nut Monarch. the evils to be feared from such pro-
coilings are remo‘ed by the successful mission of Mr.
Niels, but no sooner is his hack tumid, than the same
dined and disgraceful conduct is renewed ; the melancholy
froth is well known. The irritated Ashantees have math
a &went upon our Coast possessions; our precious allies,
ale Nitres, have ileserted us, after leading us into the
lesp: our army has been cut to pieces, and our trade
ts.ned ; Ind lardy, we fear, all chance of friendly rela-
letts being renewed with the Ashantee Gov' motto is wow
lotninaksi, for what probability can there be of these
Anima entering into a treaty with a people, who, in
thtif e7es at lea.4t, have only the claims of helplessness
AM treachery to ph ad for them ?
While at the court, the author become* acquainted with
Vine kittarultnatis in the serviee of the King of Ashantee,
from *ltem he learns that the Moslem faith is tolerated,
tliNh not .ncourazvd, by the King ; and that, fmtn the
tea. vildzh tires the breast of ell trite believers, many con-
n'tli are made to that faith, and by uremia too which would
lie credit to the ine a zealous propagators of l'hristianity.
I'ol, Meehan., children, and it their own private expense
ft4''"ierh.iols, and pri.:.idc 'seminally over their education
mid religious nom itetioti. One of the suthot 's friends had
41'..1y youths thus under a course of instruction.
)'.l!' thing this work clearly establishes, were proof at
is tone a-day by sny means nee scary, viz., that, however
-Ile the negro( s may be treated in the West Lulls
Sure they as ill-treated es their pretend'd friends
they change much for the better by being trans-
o thiesitT. We find that the King of Ashantee, who
hupeetahle b7trina:tut in his way, has a fashion of pro-
` the god" let the sacrifice of a couple of thousand
i at a time, and when theta are not to be had, •
we supplied by his own people, each thief fur-
his contingent to the granul quota. Ili. noble,
,‘ would appttr, are In danger, on their return from
"llencersalltl iinhassy, of being bastinadoed and impri-
, if he happ, tis to be in sufficiently good hutnour to
theta to rctain melt an insignificant appendage as
bards, Yet in the tech of these facts we are daily
the hardships of slavery under European masters;
state of an African negro taken front his co
"tined to that of a well-doing private gentleutan,
pal from the Elects of London ! ! I
th• whole, we have ren ive,l great pleasure from
before es. It is nut drawn up with that Deets
!filth a professed writer might have composed
there is a rent:doe mixture of facts of different
"lame paragraph ; hut it has, what of ell other
4144bic is a book of travels, the pump of being

s Lime
mlctly
II imot)),
• Pone( di
II 41
rildt4g
ft Prionters
0 4tifilmet
r, %thing
40, ft 4r,
It " Ultittr
"4,1. it
Li'
''i th
tb taCr
• tgit
dtt
.), gni tho
4, liner
siPtial
• it)
3
lir,k
• !gid dier
▪ RI hin:
valtulb
