EXCIIA N6Ei.

.‘7,44TE?"11411. OCT. 5.-I,.T!drill. 3../ ID; 2 Us. 22 O.
11 AAI ili);: 101 I): r. 1.-I.lndon, 31entlis, Al 11.
I..KiNUSItiII, SEP ‘7.—)4O:Y. 'l. 2 1)-32.
1-aft . hEPT. V.—London, th months, 6 It..
1:t tt,.t u, SE r • 2.-L-I.l:Aun, thr+t• aumitiss, C 201.
Wu:. two owntles,

private letter, said to be written by a member of the
h Chamber of Deputies, who bas licevgs to ministerial
A tuaniati.m, and publ.shed in an evening p+p•r nf ',ester-
r'..ar. we lure a confirmation of the departure of an expedi-
-1.0.1 from Prest. far be reconquest of St. Domingo. The
irMikirk3ti.)ll of the troops is stated to have taktn place 33
Long ago as 111? '4'4th of Animal ; but, with the exc. pt;an of
a paragraph in a Brinillai paper of the 17th ult , it it
&lapin enough, that no intelligence whaler's, rrspesoing
Ilea expedit.on. transpired till Tuesday last. when, as we
tgated the following warning, a loiter was rewired in th.•,
t':•T, which fur the brat time nick the Ungliali public
aeqtaaioteel with the fact. It would appear. bolvismr. Nu'
Um 80,j:inert communication. that the British Waist
arc Cot ii,morant of this 100s-ceding, to which. man attonpn
on the part of France to recover possiwaion of a retroktal
Colony, t►e/ :wild draw no objection. It is, Ward. in
einitrailietiost to the statement contained in this I:ttcr,

said that the French GovernMent telly apprised our
Ministry that a fleet would sail to relieve the French gar- I
risons in the West Indies. In whatever terms the information I
may have been given, we cannot suppose that any design
could exist to practise a deception, unless it be believed
that the object of this expedition is not at. Domingo, but
some of the late Spanish Colonies on the American
Con-
tinent. We are far from reposing with coedit! .:ice in the
declarat:ims of the French Gwernment ; the history of
the Cord, 3 Sani!aire is too fresh in our memory : but, on
the other hand, it if hardly credible that France would
provoke a war with this country ; as she knows she must
do, if she interfere by force of arms in the American ques-
tion. The experience of her invasion of Spain ought ta
here strengthened her attachment to a pacific policy. The
price, could it be I.otre ofF withcut a contest, might tempt
her to seize it ; but the combined hostdity of England aril
the United States, would in six months sweep frum the
face of the ocean every vessel in the ner.ch nary ; and
without a navy what could all Europe do across tha At-
lantic? We abstain from taking into account the unne-
cessary perfidy with which the French Government would
have stained their intercourse with the British Cabinet ;
though it is difficult to suppose that they would hare
aggravated their guilt by gratuitous profersions of neutrality,
when, with the unifies' share of diplomatic adroitness,
they might have held themselves aloof from the subject till
their purpose was ready for developement. We must add,
however, that the expedition to St. Domingo appears a
strange waste of men and money. A sounder policy would
lead Fraitm to consider that once fine end Sousishing
Colony as' utterly lust to her dominion—or, at the best,
recoverable only at an expense beyond its worth. It would
be necessary .wholly to exterminate the adult Ilaytians
before the island could again be restored to its Colonial
state. Are 'the French preparird to carry the war to this
length? They may depend upon it, that no task is less
easily performed that!, that of reducing to slavery a popu-
lation who have so recently emaneipatvil themselves. To
say nothing of what is due to humanity, it would hare
been wiser to employ the sums thus expended in indemni-
fying the Colonists of St. Domingo, elsewhere, and in
promoting the prosperity of the other islands belonging to
France. The following is the letter :
Soun after the dismissal of the Myths Commissioners, sent
to Frar.ce to negotiate the acknowledgement of St. Domingo as an
independent State, orders was given by the Frer.ch Government *a
prepare an expedition against the Island. Four thousand men,
forming part of it, were ordide.l to Beast, and there embarked on
M *deb of Atipst. The expedition then set sail to )aria Admiral
Dr re nx off Martinique, when an additional number of weep%
collected for several moths putt, were to bo taken on board, and the
whole to proceed tort. Ournini,o. On arriving off the island, it was
rot intended to undertake anything decisive in the first instance,
which the smallness of the for6zs would sot admit of, but to get
posiessiori of some string places on the healthiest put of the
coast, throw up additional fortifications. and then enter into sego.
elation, with some of the Chiefs, many of whom are still attached
to Franco. SL,uld these fail, then strong reinforcements w..uld be
sent (own France. and hostilities eonimenct, whnst the am would
eataillsli the strictest blockade Wont the principal ports of the
island.

Communication, marrying this armament. dm. it 111 ruld,nl,
made several rnor.the ago In the British Cabinet. *Lich, ac:ing upon
the principle that every notion I:ae an undoubted right to ottcnipt to
mew, et ha cilonies, started ro old ction. The j9:ancy of a certain
Lord ( liarrodby) to Paris, acme mon (he ago, ft is ,yea saij, vu
not altogether uneunnectod v, it!. th:e

" Spain, claiming parr of ilia;.aniola, it is contilcr.tly awned,
will net in concert with francx, a:,d probably irthx-.4 Lee views to
the Gulf of Mexico."

We give to-day, from the Etats, a comparison of the
, situation of Protestants in France, with that of Ca-
tholics in England, written for the purpose of lauding
, the toleration of the Catholic Church, at the expense of the
Protestant Clergy. The statements are exainterated, and
will therefore not produce the effect,--in this country at
leaste—at which the writer alms. The estimate of Protestants
in France is certainly too low, and that of the Catholics in
the United Kingdom too high; and the religious policy of
Englerul towards those who diTT from the religion of
.he State is not depleted with mach candour. It LI
not a principle of English law to destroy Catholics or
Itissentere, though no support is administered to them;
and taking the converse et the propesitioo, even the
Cetholie advocate in the Finite will net pretend. that
i: is a principle of the Catholic Chureh to give aid in I
spreading what she considers to be heretical opinions. As
to the assertion, that the Protestant Clergy in the British
Empire live on the spoils of the ancient church, it is enough
to say in reply, that we hays only given to a fresh set
of trustees the funds bequeathed by our ancestors, for the
service of religion, to a former set who had grossly abused
their Irmo. In France, we are told, the Catholics have not
taken a farthing from the Protestants. It is impossible
they should ; fee it is only since the Revolution that the
latter have lived in security there. Before that period, hew
many atrocious blots are there in the history of Franee,
occasioned by the persecution's:Wl:red by the Protestants?
The Catholics have been excluded from polities! power in
this country, but they have never been anaseaered. But
whi'e we defend ourselves from misrepresentation, let
us be careful rot to excite the vindictive feelings of
either party against the other. Each has sinned in the
sp;rit of animosity during the ages that are passed. Let our
of be now to heal all wounds, and do justiee. We
wish the Catholics would be advised so more moderation
in their merle of pressing their claims, because we are con-
vineed their warmth not a little retards their succeis. The
condition of the Cethrilics is not what, at this day, and in
the present state of heroic, it ought to be. It is too
true, that " they are children disinherited by their father,
cid excluded from all marks of contidtme, and from every
pursuit which leads to hon our and fortune. They bear all
the blueing of the Scam, and slue none Of its advantages."
We slaottl6l he glad to see them matured to the fell enjoy.
merit of their political rights, and their clergy supported by
Governireta, et the Protestant Ministers are in France.
The denger to which we were emu exped from the Ca-
, tleilie religion has ceased ; and it is due to the loyalty of
their &mamma 34 Sli3jA.l3, to op n every avenue
to their lierieurable ambition. Never was there a
L.ing more fttc.l to this great work of jestice. Tice ces.
elusion of the Catholics croon power was a ni.e.eare just.-
selely Ly a 4111:11t• of political eh:et:nee:mem, which
1. ova row t runiill,l. The exc:mlol dynasty is tanner,
ii,.! our political institutions are no heager morraerel with
p reds arising from religious ehaseniewe. L tl4 hope,
t4erefere„ that we way 1.3011 have all feelings of jealousy ,
111.1 aritAtiou,, ou the pat of our CiSdlolie fel!. Ilt-illidvetS,
r. re. vie', by their aslinisa:an to every privilege, which, cnn.
s.inetitly with the supreme/7 and safety of the Ertetilisled
Chureir, they can enjoy.

Ernst Nizali. Archbishop of Cyr. Apostolic Nuncio to
the Stets Conte .'oration. aukl Plenipotalti.iry (Nat his no.
lincp to the Court a the No:h..rlatuls, for the purpose of
•gociaticg a Con:txdat, has arrived a: Brussels.

THE BRITISH PRESS,.

irfXDNOft. ozr. 6.

Last evening his
NNesty entertained a numerous
party at the Royal Loslc. TL_ company consisted of the
ar2iC
following distinguished personr.gest Prince Eiterb•z?'
Duke of Wellhipton, Austrisn and Russian itintimettlors,
Earl and Countess Lieven, l/ukc of Dorset, Marquis 114uro,
Lard IVellesley, Lord and Lady lilaryborough, togetherwith th.: varicus Soldenvn hoeing oteial situations in his
Majesty's fluusAtuldl. The grand suite of TWITs was
thrown open and inuniinst:ll in the same style of splendor
as characterised the preceding Royal entertainments; and
the banquet was supplied to the most inaguillcent manner.
The and of the Life Guards was statior.isl in the Con-
servatory, where they played a variety of select pieces until
twelve o'clock.
ills Majesty, during his airing on Tuesday last, had se-
rval shots at pheasants in the prcierves, and killed four.

The Lord Chancellor still remains at his seat at En-
comhe. in Dasetshire, where his Lordship complains hea-
vilv of the scarcity of genie.
Lord Palmerston, and Mr. SA:inn, his Lordship's
Secretary and brother-in-law, hare returned to town, after
enjoying great sport upon his Lordship's well-preserved
manor, during the mouth of September. Each of these
persons has resumed his occupation at the War Office.
Sir William Garrow, since his return from the circuit,
has been enjoying, the genial sea breezes, at his marine
villa, Pegwell Bay, and 113 S much iwnefited in health.
.. We have seen sinter (rem the Puke of Wellington to a
gentleman of Cheltenham, in which he says, " I a;a happy
to, tell You that I em a great deal littter."—Clieltooltim
We are happy to leani that the health of Sir Robert
Peel is tepidly improving, Mr. Secretary Peel, who has
been on a visit to his respected father, at Drayton Manor
Iloase, has returned to Lemilern—frolverlamplus (Arca.
Lord Stowell, notwithstanding his advanced age, and the
increase of his bodily inflrnaity, has just returned from a
trip to the islands of Jersey and Guernsey.
The Archbishop of York, with Lady Ann Vernon, and
two of their younger daughters, have been st.,entling a few
days with Lord Vernon. his Grace's brother, at Sudbury
Hall. The Dowager Countess of Harcourt, and other
members of the family, were amongst the distinguished
visitors. _ _ .

Colonel Bolton, with his family ar.d the usual circle of
visitors, is at his delightful estate at Styr, on the banks of
Windermere, where they expected a visit from Mr. Can-
ning, on his return from Ireland. Mr. Szarla tt, Mr.
Brougham, and the leading men at the bar, reca ive an in-
vitation, annually, from Colonel Dolton, while en the Nor-
thern Circuit.
Rumour states that Mr: Canning is determined, at 'the
opening of Parlian.ent, to bring in a law, " rendering it
compulsory on evk.ry savant of the Crown in Ireland to
swear he does not belong to any political Society."—U
ford Jll irreg..
Elliston is greeting much for the comfort of the visitors
to Drury-lane theatre. In addition to the entire removal
of various nuisances in Vinegar-yard, this intlwtrious Ma-
nager bas projected considerable att•rations and improve-
ments in the front entrance, by which the access to the
theatre will be made far wore comfortable,

Green-room report speaks favourably of the talents of a
young lady transplanted from Norwich to the Theatre
Koval Covent-garden. The young lady's first effort will
be hi tragody.
A new Tragedy was root in the Green-room of Caroni-
garden Theatre on last Friday, previously to the first re-
hearsal of it, in the tires:Tee of the performers who are to
support the several characters. The piece was reed by Mr.
C. Kein'ole, with great spirit, and is said to have made: a
favourable impression ore the theatrical circle.
It is again rumoured that the English Opera House will
ho apprwriated to the performance of Italian ( t:h.ras during
the whole of the ensuing wiuter.
Handel, in his early youth. discovered such a passim
for music, as could not be subdued by the commands of his
father, who intended him for the profession of the law.
He had mad* a consiekrable progress in this art by stealth,
before he was allowed i piaster; but at seven years old
his father, finding it impossible to fix his attention to any
thing but music, for which he seemed to have been cu-
dowel by nature with very uncommon propensities and'
faculties, placed him under Zaellan, organist of the Cathe-
dral of Halle, a man of considerable abilities in his pro.
fession. By the time he was nine years old, our young
musician ass not only able to officiate at the organ of his
master, but began to study composition ; and at this early
period of his life, is said to have composed a service, or as
it is called in Germany, Spiritual Caalala, every week, fur
voices sad instruments, during three successive years.
The vary simple and well-known air. Trutt Prafi, in
Akins, which was constantly encored, was at first sent
back to Handel. by Carestini, as too trilling for him to
sing ; upon which he went in a great rage to his loilgin,;,s,
and in a tone in which few composers except Handel ever
ventured to seem a first-nte singer, exclaimed, in his
usual curious dialect, and-with his accustomed impiduo-
sity, " You tog; don't I know better as yourscluf vast is
pest for you to sing? If you sill slot sing all de sang ram
I give you, I rill not pay you chi stiver."--On a similar
occasion, upon Cuzzoni insolently refusing to sing his ad-
mirable air, luisa bn.:4ine, in nth-, he told her that he
always new sho was a ere / devil, but that he should let far
know, in her turf, that he was Beelzebub, the prince of
ilevi:s. And then taking her by the waist, swore, if site
did not immediately obey his orders, he would throw her
out of the window.

ItI'ESIAN PonT ar.—The ycung Russian poet, Alexander
Pusclikin, has lately preiluctsl a work, which is considert-d
superior to all he has before published. The manuscript
of this poem, which dons not contain more than iju
has been purchased for 3,O)) roubles—neatly V. a line ; a
',rice as high as it is unusual in Russia.
A Cantab, who had lately taken orders. was treated wits
insolent hastrar by his !lector, who having n.arrii.il
lively and handsome young wife, was jealous of every one
who approached her. Decorum forbade him to reptut this
behaviour ; but en the enraing Sunday, knowing the
Rector Wig present, he took as the subjectsulject of his iliseourao '
the foilowing text:—" La iris HORN 1. crafted ul. rit Gir
bretAren."

Mr. Sherif Lamprey has been elected Master, and Mr.
S. Lamprey, and Mr. It. Ledge, Warders of the Dublin
Guild of Merchants for the year ensuing.
Amongst the toasts criwattiately at the Mayor of Wel.
ford's foist, were, " The tiloalous Meinury," and " Pro.
toitant Ascendancy."
Tits th.n Loan Srowsit.—The father of the late
Lard Stowell. who thud some yours num was at one part
of his life $ very diatri szed man, and comissinently was so
touch impertuned by leis creditsers that he at Lan gave a
general order to his servants to he denied to all of them.
A taylor, to whom bis Lordship owed a large bill. had
called so often witheut seeing him, that he dew:mit:ea to
wait about the house, for .the purpose of getting an inter-
view with his imble debtor as he stepped into liis carriage.
Tie tradesman bad not waitid long wit. n the vehicle drove
to the done, and the Peer came cut. for the purpose of
taking his merning drive. Upon the man approaching
Lord Stowell, and informing him of his business. bis
ship said that was a most improper time to aoheit the pay-
ment of his bill, and desired the tailor to call di-morrow.
Well (said lie), Inv Lord. and what then?" '• Why
then (replied his Lordship) I will tell you when to can
again.--This anecdote of a toOde delnor reminds us of
another. A Noble Deer, who its t always been famed tier
magnificence in his living. and who was no,. of ele
at the eanomeneement of the French revolution, gave a
meat sumnomus entertainment to the leading Memoers of
the t) 'position with whout he had been politically associated
up to that peeled. Every arrang‘tnent hail been tua!e for
the splendid banquet, whichatterwsrds became the sulticte
of genital conversatten, and all the delicacies for the table
had arrived a neer:lnt; the fish. A measetigor was des.
pat: but, to know the cause of the fishmonger's delay in
sendirm his contribution towards the dinner; when. in-
stead of forwarding it, ho gave the servant of the Noble-
man the amount of his hill, which was 1.0001 "I he man
nominal to the mansion of his noble muter, and presented
the Steward with the bill. The hint was taken, and a
check for ti.odo/. imencelestay sent, which caused the fish
to swim with all rapi,hty under the hospitable roe: of the
noble alarmist.

TUE EINE A S.

rims ON TiiE RHINE. IS BELGIUM, AND
HOLLAND.
raw( I/SAWING! IT CAPTAIN PATTY, OF THE casz►alEM

Gl!Al:Dli. P.H.S.
Ject!ngs.

This iateresting publication commences its second num-
ber with the picturestme lean of the Castle of lZete it ce-
rn:N. which crowns an apparently inaccessible rock en
the left bank of the Rhine, acid is delineated with all that
closeness and fidelity for which Captain Bitty's pencil is
remarkable. This is followed by a View of 31sves es. (or
MENTZ, as it is often wrioen), taken from the spot where
the Elector's Palace, called the Favourite. fenuerly stood.
A bridge of boats is seen stretching acmes the river to the
little town of Cassel on the right beak. The en3raving is
iir.ivlied with the utmost delicacy, gull leaves to nothing to
wish on the sore of tired. The. letter-press which recant-
, panics it announces that
" Maysece is the renowned birth-place of' the art of
printing. The bottle ci tiziTTlNacuo, ils titenkr, is
shown as one of the curiosities of the city, and is now ap-
propriately made use of as a pubic reading-room."
We are aware that the ineretion of the art of printing
has been ascribed by several writers to JOHN (111v:w-
-ar so ; but a discovery that should confer immortality
ought not to be incautiously assigned. All the best-we-
t:tonics:eel and most conclusive testimonies are in favour
of JOHN FAUST, who likewise lived in the house here
alluded to, then celled Zesietexc tire, but afterwards
known by the name of the y rintin;--7,nare. We have no
leisure to go at any length into ti ,j, 11111.jen. ter would this
be the place fur it ; but one anxiety to see the weevils of
fame fairly distributed, induces us lo quote an authority cr
two, sarong many ethers equally decisive that might be I
adduced, in support of Fsear's claim, which rests upon
a foundation not to be removed. We need only 'refer to
:he privilege granted by the Emperor M.sxtuteta et to
Joe.. Schof:ffi-r, grandw.s ,r. 7,11%, ewer, not only for
the sole priming the works of key (at the end of which
the privilege is annexed. minted by the said John S]toetii r.
at Mentz, anno 1.159,) but likewise prohibiting all per-
sons to re-print either the said book, or any other which
should be afterwards printed by him, in eenstesetatiee of
his bring (iRANDirim I,J the
.ji,-.1l inrentr,r tf l'a art sy*
printing ; concerning which EgASMTS, who first pub-
lished that work, writes thus in his precace:--" If those
who furnished Ori;;en and .Vt. Jrrcrmt with writers and
parchments have merited the highest commendation. what
praise is due to printers and booksellers who supple us
with whole volumes at a small price? if Phlesny Pi:de-
e/4/4es acquired such reputation for collecting se great a
library, what recompence can be made to these who fur-
nish us daily with beaks in all languages? But =emelt
all these, to whom we are so treat oldie:el. we Nue:
gratefully mei:father Joilii FACST, grum4l;etar to JOHN
Scnosriecs."

As we ouch but incidentally on this topic. the above
testimony will be sufficient for our pnrpos... %Ve may ad.!,
howev..r, as an inter% sting fact, that FAUSTUS w.smte
placed in a predicament in which few would have teen will-
ing to contest with him the honour of this discovery. !lc
printed the great Latin IliYe in folio, in 14t'a, a ^v of
which was in Dr. Metes library: it was so like mac”,
and the titles and capfuls were so finely painted cn t.,:!•-:
that FAUST sold some of them at l'aris for a
price; but the buveis futliug a greater number of them
than it was pessible fee even several men to have trans-
cribed in their whole life, and the pages of -seh co'y being
so exactly alike, he was seized aril -accused of irs,wic tr.l
r>reery, and being tried and condemned, was accordingly
dragged to tie stake to be lure ; but upon explaining his
an, and discovering the process of printinz, tie Parliament
tf Paris made an Act to discharge him from all preseca-
don, in consideration of his admirable invention.

In addition to the %kws already tneutioned, an atlmiraMe
renresentation is given of the I. ut AT Sara AT To,: x ;
the Lotter Rocs, the view of which is taken from the
left bank of the Rhine, shout midway between Ober-
Irasel and St. Goer ; and the magnificent ruins of the for-
tress of Itutzsrat.s. The subject and the scenery are
chosen in each view with great judgment, and their graphic
delineations arc executed with a clearness and beauty that
tnake them invalushk to the traveller, at the elute that
they are a treasure to the levers of an.

A Brussels paper states that Charles X. is to be crowned
at Rheims, where the preparatiens for that august cert.,
moray are already makiil4. Louis XVI. was the last King
of France crowned in that city.
At the missy in the Champ du Mars, one of the Na-
tional Guards who, on the day of die King's entrance into
Paris, had the honour to pnient a petition to his Mojesty,
left e ranks, and advanting towards the King, with blunt
confidence complained that he bad received no answer to
it. His Majesty pleasantly replied, " That is very pos-
sible, M. le Grunt, but I have had so much business to
' attend to within the last two days, that I have had no time
to occupy myself as yet with yours. But have patience ;
1 will answer you."
A report was current yesterday, that an express from
Liverpool ha.l brought accounts a the defeat of Camerae
by Bolivar.
It is asserttil in the private letters from Madrid. that,
on the Ilth u:t., Pint:nand VII., at a Council of his Mi-
filters, again itcc'rred to them his fixed resolution never to
acknowledge any portion of the loans made to the Cortes.
From Spain we learn that the band of insulgcnts in the
mountait:s of Cuenca, increases daily, by the addition not
only of the military of the andent army, but also by the
national volunteers, who are proscribed..
Extract of a letter dated Madrid, Sept. 23. The l s-;
MinistLr Cruz, thought dangerously ill, is still confined. ;
Gemral St. Mare!: has been contined in one of the eon.
vents of The Ex-Intendant of the Army, !
Agular y Gerd who has been arrest.d at Cordova, as
now on his ri•••te, under a strong escort, to Madrid ' • on his
arrival, he wi:l be consigned to the prison of the Nobles'
Setnimtry an :I Colonel Locho, who has so many tints ,
signalised I:is dove:ion and zeal in defence of the* threw
and the alter, is alsii in cominetnent.

The niv.rpt: of Lyons says, that the acting of
Talina aitra..:a to the great theatre there a truly eat:soul.-
nary c:owd of ipectatrs. Aecortling to the returns made
to do: at:Lilo:it:N, tuore than 10,00!) strangers hail arrived
in Lyoh4, t enjoy the display of tlie talents of this great
actor. At his last lerfurinano4 the salami was tilled four
hours hefore the rising of the curtain, and the receipts es.
caviled 7,0J0 francs.

. _
Ma m dae Christephe. widow of the late 17.mperor of
ti, has arrived at Frankfort, on het way to Flwence, witrre
she intends to raw the unites.
Thu Catholics of I>usseltlisfr has Jost addressed a com-
plaint to the l'ieur-tl..lawal of C.'slogin:, pointing cut t .outit
de fleck, who, with the aid of a ‘t.rtoin Pr. Valenti, has
formed a stew act of Separatists. Valenti ea= czt,elled
some nears ago for his fanatical precectiin;i. Cennt
do Ilea ene of those psentio-tnyui..w w:Lse Lee
'tern Isnishtd within thrse few years from Bavaria ant!
The spirit of the wet shows its-if in printed
pa..r.pl.dis and Itantibi!ls„ which he distriltutri amen.; the
children, :he reu9erf, !Wit ratown,;ers on the high roads, or
lets swi!o darn the rivuiet the Ditsse:, t!nit they may fain
it:to the hands of the washerwom le or liusselder:!'; some- 1,
times ho !machos sermt.ns ; he even coos 10 far as to et le-
brae if:: eeretnenhs of baptism and burial.
We und..rstanti it is in conft inp:ation to remove the-
ract stati tit Ilewili to KittgLwil ; the Ms.:entity
and dif7icuity of cnt,,tite.; the Co:114r harbour. havin; been
now Pally a.certzim.l. luwcd it was well known tifteen
years hark, when that harbour was construotimr. that it
would never be of any service to navigatitm or trade. The
fact is, the ,I*.i!rtietion of it was One of tl: we johs for 111/!.icl
Irclantt has been ac ethehratcd. and, we are convinced, it
newer would hare been tisol, even as a Pacitrt station, had
it not heoi neeetwary to give wmi.e co:ow:lug to the
job.siTolaer:;...rd 3Lrn i.
AM, in tin wel, is now twootr.e tluito a past of im-
portance thin trade is 4i:crowed to 111 IlbiOntaalitig
lUttveit. timee last twelve paw* the reccipt 41i duties is
9atsfra/4.4,
Wr we harpy to loon, cat the authority of a manu-
facturer resitt:or; th....re, and himatif employ:on; two
hundred workmen, that the SpitaNclas trade has never
bolo in a more prosperous stated:4n it is st present ; ant!
that there is not s loom id:e (Jr Ir.tr.: of employ.
