e.

'<',

pass without any opposition from she GA ch v.t.t T.
,arty, as it wi►t ASO mixes die ideas of Lord G ALN.
v 11.1.1: in an its leading features.

We have given the proceedings of the Ttibun ate,
luring three successive days, upon the pi opositioa
r confemug the title of EMPEROI Op )1 i ONA.
eA it rE, and rendering that digc.i,y hereditary is his
CA a Nor was the only Tribune who op.
p I it, and some shallow politicians, totally
rant of the charaCter of CA RNOT, and of the
Revolution, give him great praise for his spirit a. ,1
courage upon the occasion. A link retie/Eon a:4
attention to faCts will be sufficient to cmvince the:n
of their error. No era, either antient or modern,
is so remarkable for profligacy of principles a,',l
hypocrisy of conduet, as that of the French Revo.
lution. Among the criminal heroes who have figured
upon its disgusting stage, CAIINOT is ode of the
foremost. With several commissions of his Ktmo
in his pocket he first revolted against. His MaJESr v's
authority, and afterwards voted for the death of a
' Sovereign, to whom he had taken the oath
of allegiance, both as an hereditary and as
a Constitutional King. With Ronzerizsaa he
was a member of that infamous Committee, and
signed with him orders for the imprisonment of
250,000 families, the proscription of 500,000, and
the death warrants of upwards of 300,000 perstiits,
who perished at Paris, at Lyons, at Toulon, at
Orange, at Bourdeaux, and in La Vendee. The in.
trigues and hyprocrisy, which prevented him front
sharing the scaffold with Aosaria►nit, made him
afterwards a Direetor. In this place he cajoled all
parties, and deceived them all. But his duplicity,
became notorious, and he was proscribed in his
turn. Recalled by BONAPAITZ, to occupy the
place of a Minister of the War Department, he made,
as such, the preparations for that campaign in which
the battle of Maringo decided the slavery of the
Continent. Quarreling with BILITIIIaa, he was
thrown into a momentary disgrace, and resigned
the Ministry for a place in the Tribunate. There
he spoke of liberty, as while a member of the Com•
mittee of Public Safety, when he sent hundreds daily
to perish, and thousands daily to fill the republican
dungeons. The friends of liberty were for some
time the dupes of this abandoned charaaer, but
after the discussion upon the Ccessnlnnefer life, when
every person who spoke againa..it etas removed,
when CHLMILI, DAMAO. Se. Ausix, and ocher re.
gicides lost their places, and CIasOT continued,
not only to preserve his, but to be consulted by the
FIIST Cesium, the mask of the patriot disappeared
and traitor to his King as te his country and coon.
trymen remained. Thelatespachof CA anor against
the change of the republicangotreensanstinto a revo.
lutionarymonarchy infavour of a Asocial* foreigner,
cannot be any thing else but a farce, agrd upon be.
tweenhim and hispresent master,topersnade foreign
nations, that liberty is not entirely extinguished in
France ; that when such a speech is permitted to be
printed, every French Citizen may publish his
opinion on this subjea freely; and that when no
other opposition is made to Bona, savz's new
dignity, it may be regarded as the unanimous
wish of the nation. Any person who has studied
the French rebellion, and the underhand dealings
of its actors, cannot be the dupe of the manmuvres
either of a Casinos- or of a Bow AAAAAA . The
word liberty in the mouth of the Decemvir, Can-
sot, can only mean Revolution.
In the Tribunate, besides Caesar, are twenty-
two other regicides who have voted a throne fur
Boss AP ARTZ, after voting a scaffold for Louis XVI.
In the Senate, besides SI Vials GMSOOIIta. and
Faucet. are 16 other regicides,who have exalted Bo-
ti•P ART E to a throne, after murdering Louis XVI.
upon a scaffold, who have banished as a criminal
the most virtuous of Sovereigns, and who have
taken home, as a Sovereign, the most criminal of
foreigners.

All the letters recently received from India are
entirely silent upon the progress of the Revolution-
ists who have lately disturbed, and are endesvoutiag
to destroy, the long established order of things in
Mc Chinese empire.

Information had been communicated at Bombay.
that a vessel had fallen in with six Dutch ships of
the line on the coma of Java, to the Eastward of

Batavia.

Yesterday, WILLIAM LLISMINGTON, Esq., citizen
and merchant tailor, paid the usual fine of 4001.
and twenty marks, to be excused serving the offixo
of Sheriff.

Alv) EDWARD Kruett, citinen and salter•
paid :he usual fine of 4001. and twenty marks, to he
excused serving the office of ShieriS.
The Vretor sloop of war he. taken, off Adyea
a Head, French ship, valuat-4y laden with preA-ntr,
from the King of Connie to the Fool
COSIVL. _ .

A letter from on boisrd His lislaJasrv's ship
inter/Tater, of Teener, uqs, et We have assert %+
that the Strait betosezz Nevi, Holland an.' "X.rr
Guinea may be safaly passed in three days. wtss•
caution—enter the f i.tfs in 9 Je7.45 mkt. S. and
:n.4 on the north s'.•te of st••rra)'s laan.l—stc .t
•he Prince of Wall sols slain 10 31• mm.
ship may :inch „kr every night, milder lin lea tt
reef or islAncl."
