INDIA.

We have received Cafe fla Ga2ettrs to the tat of April,'
but their contents arc for the mos: part anticipated by our
last art ;val from Bombay. The following is the latest from
the Sylhet frontier :
By letters from Selhet of the 14th instant, It appears that that
were rumours of tlie Burmese having obtained reinforcements in
Munnipore, and intending to invade Cachar again, but these want
confirms:ion. l'he force in Sylhet would be ample enough to repel
any invasion of the enemy, and with the howitzers, winch would
arrive there shortly, the British troops would soon make their
stocks:kw trio hot to hold thetn.

Letters of the 15th give no countenance to the rumour about the
Burmese reinforcements in Munnipore. The weather had cleared
up, and it was not unlikely that a detachment of our troops would
march by the route through Jynteea, to form a junction with the
lioalpara force, expected to he at tinwaliath.
Tha statement of there being about seven thousand Burmese
in the town of Calcutta, is, we undentand, erroneous. The slugs,
it appears, have obtained this designation; and •e learn, from
pretty good authority, that the number of Mugs in Calcutta does
not exceed tire hundred.

There has also been a rumour of a fleet of Burmese boats in the
Sunderbunds, manned with fifty men each. This ractiour appears
to be entirely without foundation.

N:1 !'T/.

The following is a translation of an extract of a letter
from General Inginae, Secretary-t-lenvral to the President
of Hayti. to his correspondent in London, dated Port-au-
Prince, the 2.5t11 of July last :
.• I have paid special attention to the anggestitms conveyed in
your letter,, relative to the precautions which we ought to take, in
artier to secure ourselves against a surprise nn the part of the
French. We have done everything that has been deemed proper
to be done, by erecting fmtifications on our high mountains, 'in the
most inaccessible peaitions 4 by establishing in the interior of the
country. In", depots. plantations for provisions, gunpowder ma-
nufacturies and armories. Our army of the lane, and our National
Guards, amounting together to I flO,OOll men in arms, are perfectly
organized, and ani ated will, the best poisible spirit, so that we have
little to hot from any project of invasion. The French might, per.
haps, considering their immense resources, and their superiority of
numbers, anniltilan• Its, after having made very great sacrifice, and
efforts, of whirl' we believe them to be little capable. But as to 1
bringing the existing generation under the yoke of slavery, and de-
'droving our independence, it is a thing which I consider alike
morally and physically impssible. Should they attack us, the
whole world will behold a line example of deviation to liberty and
our country, and there cannot b-a a doubt of our success.
.• I ant 'truly sorry that the pressure of public business prevents
me from transmitting upon this occasion, agreeably to your request,
a statement of the number and condition of oar schools. I shill
by a future nppor'unity communicate ample information upon this
subject. For the present I roust confine myself to assuring you.
that public instruction is by no means neglected among us. I
ought to thrum you that the conductor, ui the Prdpuguteur, having
entered upon other employments, the publication of that journal is
Or the moment suspended, but we hope that it will shortly he
resitinetl ; snit I shall transmit its numbers rei,mlarly to you, as well
as those of the rclegra Or, by every opportunity.'

Acanumic FLATTsay.--Clermont Tonnere, Bishop of
Nuyon, a titan ridiculous for his attachment to high birth,
gave an annual prize to the French Academy, to be be-
stowed nu the best poetical composition ; but the only
subject to be treated of was the praise of Louis XIN
After all the ordinary topics of adulation had been ex-
hausted, the Academy proposed, for the year 1700, the
following hat fir the prize-poem: " That the King pos-
sesses all the virtues in so eminent a degree, that it is im-
possible to judge by which of than he is principally cha-
racterised.' Mien this topic was shown to the King for
his approbation, (for this was always done previously to its
being given out; and his Majesty, moreover, sat to hear the
piece recited) enured as he was to flattery, he felt that it
was ruttier too mach, and put his negative upon it. The
Academy then, by advice of the Bishop, let it down a
little in the following maimer: " That the unites in
his perstm so many great qnalities, that it is difficult to
judge which forms his principal character." Even this
qualifitaltiost of incense proved too strong for his Majesty's
relish. The Academy and Bishop, almost reduced to des-
pair, tremblingly proposed their third edition : " 'Chat the
King is nut less distinguished by the virtues of a man of
worth, titan by those of a great prince." This luckily
did not offend the Monarchs modesty, and he tuffiered
it to poi without further alteration.
A field, only one acre in sizf, at ttpperby, near Carlisle,
has this season produced twenty-three Carlisle bushels
Whwheater) of good marketable potato oats.
I with one bushel of hindercnix, or grain of inferior quality.
