MOVEM ENTS

The Earle( Mexlmrough has arrived at his seat, :11e!chley Park,
Yorkshir-, from ts tour.
lend Althorp has left his seat, lViseton Hall, Yorkshire, for
his fathces, Earl Specter's seat, Northamptonshire.
Lon' Irimedorl) arrived yestcrd.ty at Warr_n's Hotel, Regent-
WriA, from the Hon, 'lces.
Viscount has arrived at Earl Ficzwilliam'. seat, in North
amptonshire, from a tour.
The Ladies Aslthurnham arrived yesterday at their house in
Upper Urroivenor-Atrect, from Leamington, Warwickshire.
Alajor Cartwright arrived yesterday at Allpreses Atbe-
msrle•atreet, front a tour.

„ .
Mrs. Gratis left town nn Monday for Brighton.
Arrivals at the Clarendon lintel, Bond.strept :—Cnitnt and
Cottntevs Chalian, from Bucks; Mr. and Mrs. John Ellis, from
ditto; rind John Eminertnn Westclmhe, Esq. from Paris.
Dm:attires from the Briti‘h Hotel:—Mr. and Jim. Lawford,
for Mdlvern %Yells; Captain 31'Donnell, for Scothnd ; aid Capt.
.llon!ague, for Portsmouth.

r.
A tri vitls at the Burlington Hotel. Old Burlington and Cork
str‘o-co4 —The Her. E. Smith, ?Ira. Smith, and ~.mily ; and
Coe.vrll. E,rl. from Etowx. Depari urns. : —Mrs. B,llingltam and
firmly, for taines; J. Stein, Esq. for ditto; and Captain :11itcltell,
for Kent.

Arriv.ihi at Retiirs Rotel, Lower Grosvenor-street .—Sir Thns,
and 1,1.1 y C. Shepherd, from Tunbridge ; Mrs. O. Turner,
from ditto; and Thos. Fylcr, Esq. 31. P. from his seat, Tythrop
douse. kfordshire. Air. and Mrs. Robert Aberdeen have left
ditto for Brighton.

The Duke of York took an airing yesterday afternoon
for upwarda of two hours. Sir Herbert Taylor transacted
official business with his Royal Highness in the morning,
previous to proceeding to the Horse Guards, to hold a levee
as Military Secretary to the Commander-in-Chief. Sir
henry Ilalcord, Dr. Macmichael: Mr. Macgregor, and Mr.
Simpson, visited his Royal Highness yesterday.
The Yrir•.ceas Saplda Matilda arrived in town yesterday
from her residence on Blackheath.

-------•----••-
The Duchess of Kent, accompanied by the Princess
Feo.lore, and attended by the Baroness de Spardth and
Captain Conroy, honoured Covent-garden' Theatre with
her presence on Monday evening. •
The Duchess of Kota entertained the Princess Sophia
Matilda, and a selec► party, at dinner yesterday, at her
apartmenta in the King's Palace, Kensington.
Sir Henry Halfortl left town, on Tuesday afternoon, for
the Royal Lodge in Windsor Park, on a visit to the King.
Sir Henry left the Royal Lodge, about eleven o'clock yes-
terday, on his return to town.
Yesterday all the remaining capitals, &c. that were in
the court-yard of the British Museum, were removed by
the detachment of the Royal Artillery. These magnificent
ruins were presented to the present King, when Prince
It-gent, by the Bey of Tripoli, and were taken from the
ruins of an ancient Greek colony, situate about nine miles
from Tripoli. They were conveyed in eight artillery
waggons to Windsor. _ _ _

The east coast of Spain has been thrown into a state of
great agitation by the appearance of an Algerine fleet of
six vessels of war. The squadron is reported to have cap-
tured about fifteen sail, chiefly coasting vessels ; and the
Spaniards are so electrified by the c vent, and the dreadful
prospects of slavery, if taken, that none of the vessels can
get a crew to proceed to sea. The fleet appeared off Bar-
celona nom the 20th to the 30th ult.

We learn frotn the National Intelligencer (American
Paper) that the American Congress of Deputiea, which
asst ridded some time ago at Panama, has adjourned, to
meet at a village in the neighbourhood of the city of
Mexico, and to hold its Sessions there.

Si. .1.11031 AS.S.—By the brig llelen, at Savannah, from
St. Thomas's, in 1.5 days; we learn that strong patrols were
kept constantly on duty in consequence of the continued
attempts to fire the town. One evening all the people
wire alarmed, and remained up all night. There were in
the fort about 200 prisoners, a part of whom were said to
be wretches from St. Domingo, who were the instigators to
crime of those who would otherwise have remained quiet.
An entertainment was recently given at Brazil by Lord
Poivionby, the British Envoy, to Capt. Sir John Phillimore,
whose generous exertion in saving the lives of American
seamen on the coast of Spain has been acknowledged.
Copt. Elliot, of the United Sates navy, was a guest at the
dinner, and gave as a toast:—" Britain and America.—
May each be emulous in the performance of tltoec acts
which may bring back the kindly feelings of parent and
child." It is almost unnecessary to add, that the sentiment
was received with enthusiastic applause.—Amer jean Paper.
Ow Ex's SYSTEM .—The institutions and principles of Mr.
Owen, of New Harmony, are vigorously attacked in the
Wittois (Shawnee Town) Gazette. The critic says—
. In the ridiculous attempt to introduce perfect equality at
New Harmory, as whole system is disorderly and inefficient. Its
arrangement+, which were to put the Old 11 orlil to the blush, are
themselves fit subjects for the keenest ridicule. To allow the phy-
sienl strength of the female to be equal with the male is a great
point with these modern I I pa...wipers—field work is endeavoured to
he introduced, but meets with proper and suitable resistance by
the niece vintuma and industrious of the fair sex, while the home
idler.. submit to their task in the field. Hence the necessary and
visual employments, contributing so much to the comfort and conve-
nience of a man, become roach in disuse, and a clean sheet has
been a scarce article M New Harmony."
Sic K NESS Ar MOM I. L.—Extract of a letter from a lady
in Mobile, to a lady in the city of New York, dated Aug.
11 :

•• 1 have been delaying my answer to your kind letter in the
hore of laving something better to tell you than forebodings
of viekneaw and death ; but our ill-fah d city continues to be the
scene of both—the fever rages with great violence, and seems to
bath every effort of medical skill. A very Lively woman whit
whom I was well acquainted was in church last Sunday, and to-day
(Friday) was carried to the grave. AVe feel as if we were in a ti• Id
of battle, and know not where the next ball may strike. One
would suppose that this state of things would bring men to pause
and 'effect aeriously ; but ft is not so. The very danger breeds s
recklessness of danger—a fearful lightsomeness of nia• ner, which
speaks a seared heart. We have an excellent clergyman ; but, alas !
in this disease the bed of death is also that or insensibiiity ; the
first state is that of guttering—the last of utter unconsciousness. I
could repeat instances of personal agony and domestic misery which
would make your heart grieve to hear. We have adop ed every
necessary precaution, and have abandoned the town, but whether
we are entirely safe here is to be proved. I ought to apologize for
wearying you with these sad deatila, but in truth my head and
heart are full of the sufferings around us. I believe you knew
David Rue, formerly of Johnstown, in your State; we have just
heard of his &tell at Caliawha."

H A NOV re, Ocr. 4.—Yesterday died the Russian Gene-
ral Count V. Benningsen, at his country seat at Banteln.
He was born in the kingdom of Hanover, in 1745. His life
was full of remarkable events, connected with many of the
most important occurrences of our times. The great proofs
of ability and velour which he gave in the war in Poland,
obtaintd tim brilliant rewanls. lie rose rapidly, and was
concerned in all the great events in which Russia was inte-
rested, both at home and abroad. In ISO 3 he led a corps
of Russians against the French, which, however, did not
arrive till the war was decided by the battle of Austerlitz.
In ISO 6, he commanded first undcr Kemanskoy, and after-
wards bad the command in chief of the whole Russian
army, and fought the celebrated battles of Eylau and
Friedland. Oo the conclusion of peace at 'filsit ire retired
to his estates. In 1812 he had no command till the remit,
of the French from Moscow; but in 1813 he was at the
head of the army of Poland, as it was called, and took part
in the decisive battle of Leipzig. After the war for the
deliverance of Germany, in which he fought itr the north
of the empire, he settled in his native country, and ended
his life in the besum of his family. Detailed memoirs of
his life would be a valuable addition to the history of our
times.

vsTEat ot.s night the inquest on Mary
Ann Coxall was resumed at the Light Horseman, in
Orange-court, Leicester-tiAls, when several witntsscs
were examines!, but nothing was elicited to implicate a y
.nilividual. The brother of the deceased was present, and
stated tl at Aaron Brookes, the young man xho had pro-
mised her marriage, had always acted honourably towards
her, and was not suspected by him of any tiolence to-
wsrds her. She had two sovereigns, it appears, when she
left Mr. Leary's house, but when she was found in the
pond they were missing, which left the case in some toys-
tery. The Coroner intimated to the Jury, that in the ab-
sence of satisfactory evidence they could return a verdict
of Found D.oatned, which would leave the case subject to
future investigation if necessary. The Jury at ten o'clock
mutated that verdict.

•,------__ —,.., —..-. 44. ,
__-P , r A aii 84
::'-i--/-70:,- v,i_
0., ' ' •c?
r-N-0- GS:4 • '-' - .4::---- ,/ N r 1.1.. ---
-
