PRIVATE: BILLS.

AN INVALID CARRIAGE COT, with BED, six
feet six inches long, for the REMOVAL of INVALIDS.
however SEVERELY AFFLICTED, with SAFETY and
EASE. Invented by W. HARMAN and SON. who were ho-
noured by ROYAL command to complete a carriage for the re-
moval of HER late MAJESTY QUEEN CHARLOTTE.
The peculiar eoristruction of this COT and APPARATUS is
such, that any INVALID may be removed from their RED into
a LANDAU adapted for its reception, without change of position
or increase of suffering, and conveyed to any distance, together
110 attendants.
Many persons of h'gh rank and professional eminence suffering
under the most severe affliction, and from long confinement despair-
ing of the possibility of ever being able to endure removal, have,
by the benefit this BED of EASE affords. TRAVELLED, with-
out fatigue or inconvenience, from 110 to 120 miles in one day, and
honoured the Inventors with testimonials of their high approbation,
to Idlolll reference may be mode.
To be seen at their Coach Manufactory, I, John-street, Oxford-
street, London ; and may be engaged for any journey.

CABINET-MAKE RS' SO(' I ETY.—CHEAP
CABINET and UPHOLSTERY. at the LONDON
REPOSITORY foe the CABINET-MAKERS' SOCIETY,'
being the only real one now existing in London, No. 71, corner of,
L DE N FfA I.L.S'f REET, opposite A ldgate Pump, and wind:
tiss been established upwards of Six VESTS. Fox Ready Money
:tid no Abatement.
The Trustees and Cotnmittee respectfully Inform the Nobility
and Getary, that they still conduct the shove Establishment for
the Bet:en:of industrious and ingenious Mechanics (who have large
nunsliesi. by offering their Manufactured Articles in the Cabinet
Line, of the best workmanship, and cheaper titan by any House in
Landon, no other profit being required than to satisfy the warehouse
remand incidental expenses; being satisfied with constant employ-
ment to enable them to support their families, the number of whom
appear by the Books of the last Quarterly Meeting to be 148.
From the great patronage the Committee have received, they are
in hopes of increasing that number.
The fallowing is a Specimen of the Low Prices asked ; all Goods
warranted : X. s. d.
Flee feet Mahogany Bedstead, four-post 4 4 0
Tent ditto . . I 6 0
Bordered Marren to fit - - I 1 0
31ahogsny Drawees with solid ends - 1 3 0
Elgin 31ahoicany Chairs - . ti 6 0
Mahogany Pembroke Table - - 2 0
Feather Bed, free from dust and smell,
from .1:2 12 0 to 0 8 0
Deawing.room Sofa, from b 0 to 7 7 0
Ditto Bedstead - . 3 8 0
Mahogany Ilurse-Ilair Sofa - - 610 0 upwards
A Quantity of Paper hangings for Bed, Dining, and Drawing
RtAl4Bl, at nearly Half Price. The Trade will find it worth their
attention.

ileums Furnished at a few days notice, and Apartments in a
few imam

Goods pecked and seat to all parts of England free of ezpenae
except the matting.
Ind Furniture taken in Exchange ; Appraiscutents in Town. and
euunttY ; Ma /Mates Tidied.
CoalatlT Tit.
T. Corder I J. Wilson. 1 J. Carter
T. Hitler J. L'nett W. Waghotn.
TIiVEINJAGLs Agent. J. 4SLER OMetati•

let. A bonus, conliiti;;;f the profit of life assurance,
will be divided septennially amongst assurers for the whole period
of life, In proportion to the amount of their policy and the term of
its existence.
2d. The bonus is either added to the policy, to be paid when the
policy becomes a claim, or will be applied in the reduction of future
premiums, at the option of the party assured.
11. Persons assuring, who are desirous of paying the annual
premium upon their policy for a limited number of years only,
radier than during the whole continuance of life, may be so accom-
modated, the Directors having caused a Table of Rates to be calcu.
fated expressly for that purpose.
lth. Persons whose lives are assured by this Company are per-
mitted to pass by sea from one part of the United Kingdom to
another, in decked vessels or steam boats ; and are also allowed
during peace to pass from British to any foreign port between the
Texel and Brest, both inclusive, in vessels as before described,
' without additional charge.
kb. A guarantee Capital of One Million Sterling having been
subscribed, assurers with this Company enjoy a participation in
r profit, without incurring the liability of loss.
this. Disputed claims may be referred to arbitration.
7th. No entrance money, admission fee, or other official charge,
exacted.

A bonus, amounting in most instances to twenty-five per cent.,
and in some to upwards of thirty per cent., on the premiums paid
within the seven years roiling at -Michaelmas, 1818, has been de-
clared on all policies of assurance erected in this Office for the
whole period of life.
FIRE DEPARTMENT. •
C•PIVAL-.()N7L MILLION.
in. A bonus of two-thirds the profit of firs assurance will be
divided, at the end of every five years, amongst the assured for
that period, in proportion to the amount of their respective assur-
ances.
Id. A guarantee Capital of One Million Sterling having been
subscribed, assurers with this Company enjoy a participation in
profit, without intoning the liability of loss.
3d. Policies issued gratis to assurers of 3001. and upwards.
fth. bosses uniformly paid by this Company with liberality and
promptitude.
Bth. Disputed claims may be refereed to arbitration.
Notice is hereby given, That Policies of Assurance against Fire,
*Nth expire at Midsummer, will become void, unless the Pro-
' mium to renew the saute be paid as or before the 9th inst.
Proposals deliitted at the Mee, and by tho vispeetise Agents
Pr a* Con'Pall• 1111. BURY, lies.

Of whom may be had,
The Itarmenienti Edition of 1\ eber's DElt FREISCIIUTZ,
ABU HASSA N, and PRECiOSA, price's. 6d. each.
Cinders should peaty the Harmonieon Editions of \Veber's
Freischutz, Preciosa, and Abu Hassan, as the price is less than
o^^ sixth of other editions.

AN IMPROVED ROAD-BOOK.
Just published, with a Map of England and Wales, O. bound, or
with 53 County Mane, price 12s. fkl. bound,
lEIGH'S NEW POCK ET ROAD-BOOK of
♦ ENGLAND, WALES, and PART of SCOTLAND.
on the Plan of Reichard's Itineraries; containing an account of all
the Direct and Cross Roads ; together with a Description of every
remarkable Place, its Curiosities, !Manufactures, Commerce, Po-
pulation, and principal Inns; the whole forming a complete guide
to every object worthy the attention of Travellers.
*.* Although numerous Road-books have from time to time ap-
peared before the public, each professing to excel its predecessor.
yet it is still a subject of complaint, that there is not one compact in
its form and lucid in its arrangement ; that those at present pub-
lished are either too bulky or too confused—that they either contain
much more or much less than the traveller requires. It has been
the Editor's aim, in preparing this volume, to take a middle
course; and while he has endeavoured, on the one hand, to avoid
all prolix details respecting uointeresting objects, he trusts that, on
the other hand, he has not omitted to notice any town, village, or
Nobleman's seat, worthy the attention of the intelligent traveller.
Printed for Samuel Leigh, 18, Strand ; and sold by all Book-

This day is Publisked.handsomely printed two Volumes tiro. with
a Map and seven Engravings, price U. 3*. boards, the second
Edition, carelitlly revised and corrected, with a Table of Con-
tents prefixed. of
HISTORY of the EXPEDITION to RUSSIA, un-
dermken by the Emperor Napoleon in 181'2.
By HENERAL COUNT PHILIP DE STOUR.
Printed for Treuttel and Warts, Treuttel, Jun. and Richter, 30,
Soho-square.
Of whom may be had,
The Sixth Edition of the French Original, in two cola. Bvo.
price IL 21. ; or with an atlas of four Portraits and two Views,
price 11. a..—Also
HISTOIRE de I: EXPEDITION de RUSSIE—Par le Mar,
qui. de Chambray, Colonel de Artillerie,2de Edition, 3 vols. (Ivo-
avec un atlas de Canes et Plano, et 3 Vignette*, price 21 Am.
BISTPIIBB M ILITAIRE de la CAAIPAGNE de AUSSIE
en 1812.—Par k Colonel Boutourlin, Aide.dc•Camp de S. Al.
I'Dm_petent Roule.-2 Bvo, stet lan Ithwialblio, price
11.165.

FALMOUTH, JUNE 28.—Arrived the Success, Russell, from
St. John's, New Brunswick, sailed 22d ult., leaky, with loss of
bulwarks. Off the I'ort the Doncaster, :Marshall, from Mira-
miehi, sailed 2d instant. Sailed the Eclipse packet, with further
despatches, for the Brazils ; and the Hayti, Watson, for London.
PLYMOUTH, JUNE 28.—Off the Port the Ceres, Foster, from
Havannah in 43 days ; and Deux-Victoires, Cary, froin•3lexi:o.
Sailed the Prince of Saxe-Cobuiz, for London.
WEYMOUTH, JUNE 29.—The Malta, Parker, from Bristol to
Montreal. was run down on the 26th instant by the Sally, Horn,
from Havannah to Antwerp, 430 miles S.W. of the Lizard. The
esptaia and his wife, first mate, cook, a boy, and the wile of a pas-
senger, were unfortunately drowned.
DEAL, Jvxt 29.—Arrived the Courier, Burdus, from the
Mediterranean ; London, Annan ; Augustus Cmsar, Selby ; and
Margaret, —, from Jamaica ; Christopher, Knight, from Mira-
tnichi ; and Meredith. of Bristol, front the westward. Passed
through the London, Talbert, for Seville ; Orpheus, Findlay. for
the Mauritius ; and Leslie Alexander, Morris, for Sicily. The
whole of the outward-bound sailed about noon. with a light breeze
front N.W., which has since shifted to S.W. and freshens.
GRAVESEND, JUNE 29.—Arrived the Lisbon Packet, Prange,
front Oporto; Cambridge, /Baton, and George 111, Pipplzwell,
from Jamaica; Ant, tVatson. from St. Jag° de Cubs; Filey, Ed-
monds, front Oporto ; Sir Wm. Wallace, Brown, from St. lonia ;
and Mary, David, from the South Seas. Sailed the Aretlitisa, Muni,
for Haniburgh ; and Importer, Row, for Jamaica.
MILFORD. JUNE 211.—Arrived the Triune, Dunbar, from
Alexandria (Egypt), with 1185 bales of cotton wool for Liverpool,
and furnished with a foul bill of health. Captain Dunbar reports,
that while at Alexandria one of his boys waa taken ill on board ;
he was carried on shore to the hospital, where in eight days he died,
and it was supposed of the plague.
MIRAMICHI, MAY 27.—The Idas, bound to Prince Edward's
Island and Alinunichi, was in the Gut of Canso 14th instant, with
loss of fore.topmaxt, bulwarks, and part of her stanchions ; main-
topmast and mainyards sprung.
QUEBEC, MAT 23.—The Nymph. arrived from Liverpool, saw
the Hermit, Eadie, of Greenock, off Bird Island on the 16th
instant, abandoned, water-logged, and in a sinking state.

The London, Armen, strived in the Downs from Jamaica. sailed
the 2d ult., and on the 16th, near the Dry Tortugas, fell in with a
piratical schooner of about City tons. The Sarah Christina sailed
from Jamaica a few days before the London. The John Shand,
Planet, Rawlins, Kingatone, of Bri►tol, and several others, were
to sail a few days after she left.
The Hermit. of Greenock, has been seen in the Gulf of St. lAw-
rence, with only her stern above water.
The William, Black, from Whitehaven to Richebucto, was loot
in the ice near Magdalen Islands the ith May. Crew and passengers
used.
The Arcadia, of London, from the West Indies for Quebec, has
Mirantichi dist:nested.
Borthislak,

Mr. LlTTLETONPostiiWiedtilirie ;I;ifusion the consideration
of the Resolutions he had drawn up relative to the appointment of
Committees on Private Bills. The Resolutions hail met the a?.
prove! of most of the Members to whom they had been submitted.
The approaching termination of the Session induced him to post.
pone the discussion upon them to next Session.
Air. ItHOUGH A NI thought that the Resolutions of the Hoe.
Member were of the utmost importance. The more, howevei, that
he considered the subject of these Resolutions, the more he found
that there was a difficulty in legislating upon it in the manner in-
tended by the Hon. Alember. He was aware of the evils of the
present system of appointing Committees on private Bill*, but he
was not disposed altogether to approve of the nomination of them by
Majorities of that House, and principally for this reason—they a I
knew how the Committees of that House were formed ; they W -
formed by the majority of that House, and they all knew the slat,:
of parties sufficiently to know that there was a considerable majo-
rity on the side of Ministers. He therefore objected ti the in-
creasing the power of the Crown, which would, in his opinion. be
the result of leaving the nomination of Committees to be decided
by a majority. He would suggest, as a very useful improvement
in these Committees, that they be left open to the public. The re-
port of what took place there would check at least, if not prevent.
much of what was complained of in the conduct of those Commit-
tees. The report would not, perhaps, be fully detailed la the
London newspapers, but it would be circulated in the psrticular
districts in which an interest was taken upon the subject below the
consideration of the Committee. lie was the more disposed to re-
commend this course as he was of opinion that great good had
aththrarbisettnrofurotiln:
twhothes.eughpuhbßelirci:ltpelyrct.garouivwenas;ohceatrihitiae)inpdlrtyocd
denuecoetlimntogpsetotfet
majority of
y
datonoetherins (thaalaturiloitse,yetahyee
andwas satainaosyliesoil
sbe
ashamed of, were it not for the check imposred upoinilit7eithmrwp,W7elrinidi
trigs by the supervision of the press and titlrti:eratppmhearnsoynhaeserve rucifig r
ig
be
desirablezobicimirhl.teet%okot
bj(yug.)cltbti,:lttl.woLwout.}i:nlltd'rotl(4biuccwebese an appeal
effecteddwpcspela )bfryto, ntotiblugth„
Jost et Cinwntn:it" tanniittoteett.e
31r. CROKEIt summated that a very peat claret would be rut
upon the inattention of Menikeri on Como/atm on private Bills it'
a standing order of dr; Howe, which was pot SD SW, via entioced,
aanatly t that the nature of pangs Amodio; thy Coaftittee should
be daily taken down. It 41-as only wow pot to pricilla PI lei oi

osiiiiims.
...
. - - ~/
. ...... ••••••41.4a1WA11....-• .1011 - . .. • I - - .
,_ _ _ . .. • •
__ .. ... - _ , . ,2,11..Mr?""1fti.01.1. /147,.
. -
1 .., • . - . ....- . . .
r• .. . ~• • , . ' , . _
- - •
, . -
. . . ..
„.
, . •
. .
.... ,
- 1".."---;-2-e-- •
s,---ej 3 i
_.,
~,_ ~, ,7
,f--
•..-t--,,, _ .., '7 - . --,er,-. -7_2 Ca,- ,a.,' •
_...,--a„, - ---,,i
-a. • e.--- Je
X.c.-t---‘ al --" /Le-al t".
---lie ,e,
~6,...7
// , ftlik
a • •
~.....'•• ele ''''e------ '. 4:: • .:•-: .;.").!...101: t'. •JP ~.... t •
/ I .
%' .-1- i'• ‘' I
5...,- .
•
--s•-..-- . • . .... / . . • ..... • ... . .
; . . i .4-. ....
. .. • ....
• • •
...„.- i . . • , . i. 4
. .
, . . : . .i I , •a. -• '• " A ; • . * A. .4' 9 I. * - - • -
I . •1/4, "MI ."-) r
, l!p" to, tea. • 4,.-
. . • • 14k . ~ iif . ter - . /eat • •..,
I llll - 1 '• :1
; . Oe.::: i.
I'
171 ' - '‘
' I St
e - '1
less -..--,.., , N- i. 414,. -A. •
.. .
• .. , .. •i... • 1 *
- . / ••. . N. ------. :•-„, - ,•
• .
_3k- -1-I___\,4 , - -
• ' 'a i ..-d .
1
V rese -
a .- twwwwors
- ..
; -
No. 7,(41. . t ,
...LONI)ON,. 7RII)AY JULY 1 1825. 9 9 •
. . . --..
..___ - * rice - P 7d.
I
4Jan...it,
---..--•• -- _
,
• • I"' .4 CUE OF TIM' EXHIBITION. iROY A L EXCHANGE ASSURANCE! 7 ' leffratltireel despatch, A R ISTOPH A NES. .
OCIETrof 11R11141-1 ARTISTS, Surroax-sragmr, JUNE al, 1825. FOR VAN D. . IS IsAND and NEW SOUTH
1.31,,,L.
utnTphe.:nses:.ortNntltnnph:lll;vt.o(e
j.floy.)(reilineAeovficasezß.
' !
S ~_- Per4.-MALL The Court of Directors of the Royal Exchange Assurance do 1, WALES, the I Ilegßrig JOHN DUNN. AI.
6zeiN'c,il.olwbeita(lcinaas'ar.isuC7nrn.;.rote:slyuAeot f.innA
Oxon.rai nad- __....„-- A • I
The aIfIIBITION foe r; the SALE of the Wolags of hereby give nettle', that the half-rearly Divieend of four pounds ,Bu then 200 Tons. SUT ND ALBEATIL Commander.
Al r . ..•
it'l*lHAr oOgi dUeLSnIEAR and fOt
I FEo
tl'heOrr7l'lA3Dll eB----?!M're in
iliAljo' 1 trf
sElt)hAlerL'HijoGlUl RNEe 1e2:307C:0 en' to onr, \ .
LIVING ARTISTS -of the UNITED ElNtaapailt will per cent. to Alideunemer lost, will be payable at their Office, over hying in the Londout -- *, Has 'good Actoonnod. atious for Notes, by FD%III '
Printed for Wheatley and Adlarcl -108, Strand London ; Role bwrhoitieghhwteresprea
alir4anintratilm'ne..eid Bill,
t CLOSE on SATURDAY,' the 9th of July. 1823. -• • the Royal Exchirige. onahe 11th of hily next, and every Monday, -Passengers. I'm. F*abt. Waage' apply to
the 'Gardens Protection Bill
- • . Imecale RAGSTER„ and BUCHANAN, also by Talboys and Wheeler, Oxford ; and Deighton and Sons, (as agreed to by the House of Commons), and set coal private Bills,
. Admittance Is. Cetalogue Is. Wednesday. Friday. anriSatafday, between the hours of ten in the
WM. LINTON, Seestpry. forenoon and two o'clock in the afternoon. .
• 33, Mark-lane. Cambridge,
of fili;Cnii Sir.
o ui
,n6Tncoobai :tint :wig:.
enewri im.;
"i fttlesoioenami
toads
s.
tt.tr theiendTt
wellftm le
aoapors:rtottnaituer
iirli presented
or. ni British
t 0:
ti it cett ,ittse
ti copy
n..co I to?: i the
t. tlt t i e Order
s i ii
WEST INDIA DOCK CO3IP-k NY. ' The proposal-fora devieion of 705,028/. 175.10 d. among-the pro,
THE Court of Directors of thoWeat IndieDockCoan pricier% (being-at the rate of 1001. pew cow upon•the'oil mock.,
Yof the Corporates.) which had been agreed to in the General Court . THE .ina 4w Jays, Bvo, Now ready, prism 2s. (allowed to purchasers s
FORES'P' SANCTUARY : with LAYS OF WH EA TI. EY anti ADL ARD'S CATALOGUE of or
thre.
belt7ModNernE‘lan'el and
Standard OleOle II
IBvOorOintli(Stn,
an of containing
tbona
in te eel
leeeticiaonnt of
bi
bind_
ilitoliiron resented the second Report of the Cominissioners
hereby gine mire, that an HatLF-YEARltrit COURT or of the 22d hum, having this day been confirmed by ballot, the ' : MANY UNDO; and other POEMS.
portedinsfihresAenmted. an account of •the quantity of flour and
GENERAL AIEETING will be held, onrsoant to the Act of Court of Directors do farther give notice, that warrants for the same'l!l,l.
Tit Mil. JIKMANS.
inters); u also a Collection of Old Books, comprising Al imellaneou%
• Patl'amcet, at the West India Dock Boyles No Billiher-vewerw• will be iesued .on the 27th July next, payable ar above, and that Printed for Jiiin "Rowdy. Albemarle-street.
Works, Oriental Drawings. Divinity, Ecclesiastical History and corn lin
Archirl,wftronbmonthtepepa?e,ternltlet2d3
ntoonittlietn2botouth Munatrschfroler2,a.
Biography, Greek and Latin Claesics and Translations, French,
entitle Richard n-prementtlec:tan account of the expenses of building
the proprietors who do not attend in person to receive the said di
.--. eli fall/NV, the Bth day of July neat. at One allot* in the
Afternoon, for the purpose of CHOOSING and APPOINTING viaion ef IttOl. per cent. may be furnished with the Moored power; This ffiewiwitobtlebed, price 2s. 6d.
Watmtatinmdiennat,erwßhinotil
FIVE DiRACTORS of the said Company, to summed thosegotng of attorney, to be executed in favour of the agents they may think TH E RI 5•4X43-. VI LAG E: a PO. E M Italian, and Seanish ; Political Economy, Polities, Law, Finance,
the Commis..
out by rotation; also. aDI RECTOR, in the room of David Lyon- proper to authorise to receive the same. •Ty gall CIOLDS3IEf 11, &c. Now on Sale at No. 106, Strand, Logsdon.
aviersimiierson of Westminster
.I
Es . who him Maqualified :- at which 3leeting e DIVIDEND will SAMUEL PENNING, Jun. Secretary. A Descendant of the 4f the Author of " The Deserted
gehe had formerly given notice of his
be Tot the Half I ear entlitig the 30th inst. .
• Hir" -Th..' .---
----'
. • -is day is published. in 3 vols. small flan. 30s. beards.
The Earl of I 1
By order of the Court, 11. LONOLANDS, Sec. C-OUN TY - FIRE OFFICE and • I'RO VI DEN T With a Preface by the isbop of Nova Scotia.' riIALES, by the O'HARA FAMILY.-Containing AVERPOOL adverted to some Bills foe the re. .• I
i 13
Wed India Dock Rouse June 17 1821.
The Chair will be douse,
at lived °TlN:km.ol4y. . , LIFE OFFICE,
.„ 5..: -ARGENT-STREET, LONDON. i Printed for John elhorpeoDuke.street, Piccadilly. 1 Crohoore of the BM-Hook, the Fetches, and John Doe. ,
" flow few books can we read throe h with delight ! How sett intention to bring into the House, and which were similar to thine
ANNUAL 'LAW froliEsT FOR 18'24. he bad introduced las.
-•- PRESIDEN/ •XD 7'RUSTEES. fewer all of which (for reading all of a look and reading it through - year. He doss gave notice of his intention 1..
i AS.Y I. U 111 FORF E Ai xi, i.o RP
>f>
'orb. eiolii. it a i w i
I Earl Grey
A QC...ARTERIAL' OENER AL COURT of tisnelalliarity The . .of Northampton I Lord King, &c Bth This day is publkbad,. -in rota! Bvo, price 9.. in boards, are very different things) we can read wdi patience! But on taking
aside
pe -bound. nor could we lay them The
not to present them during the present Session of Pullsomm.
CONSOLIDATION OF CUSTO3IS. 1
t wtll be holden at the Asyloon on THURSDAY NEXT, the 7th DIRECTORS. CASES decided in the Copts of Common Law and Equity, till we had finished them. In fact, since the first rod mkt ofEarl of LIVERPO()L, in moving the second reading of ,
ti '.. 1
. -
ill(' of Jot!, MU, at Eleven o'clock oreeiselk
Annual Oesedisos, 1A44 ,i Lifteli ardiams, 191. 10*.
BMWs 'ens and tenon, .
'••• 13W RD FOSS. Secretary. Francis Cosi, Es+
J. T. Batberilemnboat, Esq. I llnt. Praed. Esq.lieslbTcPiton
Lieuteeeilonel Samisen
WaiterStrickland,' lag.
Sir Vi:. E. Welby, DAM
she tiocesiory „muse da rem . al; doe _new builling r Adm. Stirßickaoi King, Bart., I SO-Kobel %Vinton, M.P.
thereon. The will be atefully mete thr the. Trdneter. AO- Sir S. B. lifielpati,, Bart. • .r,„,. 4,,tc. a.. ese. of Appeal and Nisi Prime, 'multi the Ecclesiastical Courts, in the author of Waverley, we have seen,nothinofP
. year 1824.-TO be c widened r•
'Of the Micillilio I
. R ERF.3IY,
Eat, Barrister.at.Law. . u ,%. the seyeraleßills relative to the Consolidation of Customs,
g the kind that, in our
judgment, equals these Tales. The writer, thought no imitator of
the 'Great Unknown,' is evidently of kindred genius. .
characterised by tile same vivid and picturesque descriptions of
London : Printed for .11, nod .T. Clarke, Law Booksellers, nature, the same close and powerful sketches of character, the
Portugal:street, Lincnia's Ism •
kir
• a EU:MCI ES. . same skill in availing himself of local superstitions, the eame •
locelity of creating dramatic situations, and giving a dramatic. thinksaid, as he
did
riot there would be any opposition to those Bills. Ue
He is would do nothing more than call the ettermon of Meer Lordships.
to the general principles of those Bills. At some future time lie
woeld call their Lordships' attention to the importation of cattle,
winch wan at the present time prohibitedsond which prohibition are
1
rise to the most die graceful tractile. lito Bilk that were beene
t .
'
. ' . .
. , .
(,- a .P. lam; by that Octavo/it* i 110041
- -• . .
ailetapwards. -
This.d. lo . Biro. price Ets. boards. character sad interest to his narrative."-31onthly Crit.cal Gazette, their Lordships got rd of all prohlbitiells; and he was sure that I.
June 1f125. the good sense of .he country would be satisfied with a protecting
• . . - ---z- he
Welded amoapat those who now Moore as ii_
A PRACT CAS- -TE ISE Ur the LAW -of- LE- Londoo r Pinned -for W. Sicepkin and R. Marshall, Stati , duty. Ott the great articles of cm; manufatettre, and in perticular
oncr a
,AS FOR FEMALE ORPHANS. well as the original Members, in just proportions to their' re. GAO hZ. Hall-court, Ludgati.street. • ..,i eer--- with respect to cotton, in which this country was pre-eminent, a
At a Meeting of the Committee of thin Cha.-ity, held on sire Payments. By 14'31. SCOTT PRESTON, Esq. •--•- - .. • " most enormous rlot,v wits placed ; now it was proposed to reduce t
Thttrodav, June 301, 1825. In the Fire Office, Returns, during the lam Eleven Years to Of Liner's Inn. CATON ON NERVOUS DERlld'm' iNlliriEsriON, the duty on cotton 10 tier cent. ad thiloy . • On woollen it was r 1
WILLIAM WILLIAMS. Esq. M.P.Tramcar, in the Chair; the amount of 47,000/. have been' al pin to all persons who have con-
, London : Printed for J. and W. T. Clarke, Law booksellers, ERUPTIVE DISEASES 01.FHE FACE AND SKIN, &c. proposed to reduce the protecting duty IS per cent. On linen Portugidatreet, Lincoln's Inn. . This day are published, orice3s. 6d.
.i
the proposed reduction was 25 per cent. There was one branch
I Resolved unanimously--That the secretary, on behalf of the tinned insured seven years, upon annual as well as . septennial
Committee, convey to his Royal Higbee.. the Duke of CAM-
BRIDGE. the Preeident of this Corporation, emir respectful ex- Poes, and whether they have been sufferers or otherwise.
In the Life Office, Bonuses of 131. Os. and 261.125. per cent.Of
whom miey be had.
PRESTON ON ABSTRACTS. 3 vols. royal Oro, M. 13s.
PRESTON'S ' SHEPPARD'S TOUCHSTONE, 3 vols. royal POPULAR REMARKS, Medical and Literary,
NERVOUS DEBILITY. RELAXATION, INPO-
CHONDRIAC and HYSTERICAL DISEASES, containing
m. in which reduction was still more important--the great breeches
of our mechanic art. On the duty anon iron at was proposed
to meke a reduction from about Dl. 104. to IL 10s. at the tit- I'
• I
omission of gratituele for the continued Intermit which his Royal have been divided during the last fourteen years ; and oa •
Er very Stn, 31. &i.
;;
•
Highness has evidenced in the welfare of this Institution-by his peculiar advantages are afforded. ON G N ' ' ' .an Inquiry into the Nature. Pretebtion, and Treatment of those most. This reduction was certainly very great. With re-
PRESTON') VEI ANCING, 3 vole, royal Deo, Diseases called Nervous; Bilious, Stomachic, and Liver Com- spect to one branch-themaking f 1 h Lo d I
o ster -t eir r s lips
reedy attendance at the Chapel on Sunday last-by the impressive Agents are appointed in all the principal Towns. _ 3/. 3a.
address which be pronounced to she young women who received ----- --- , plaints ; with Observations on Low Spirits, and the Influence of must be aware of how great importenee was the importation of I .u-
-+heir gratuities-and by the munificent addition which he has made 13 IICENIX FIRE OFFICE.--
to the Imbeetimion for the Building Fund, in his own and his 1 TRUSTEES AND DIRECTORS. STARKIE'S LAW OF EVIDENCE. By 'l'. 31. CATON, Surgeon, to 11. 7s. He did not, however. mum to go at any length into the I
' This day ispublished, in • ; final Comort s names; and that the Committee cannot hut feel Matthias Attwood, Esq. 31.1. 'i ...nmas Hodgson, jun. Esq. y
St. Thomas and Guy. circumstances of the various reeluetions proposed by thou Bills. 1 t ' :
that this Charity must succeed in &Bits benevolent objects, while James Bell, Esq. Richard ilenshaw Lawrence, . PRACTICAL TREATISE on the LAW of EVI- Printed for Messrs. 'Sherwood and Co. 20, Pat C. *
• ernoster.row ;C. as prnpmed to make a reduction on manufactured articles al front
her Koyal Highness continties to exhibit that parental solicitude John Coope, Lime Eaq. .1 DENCE, and DIGEST of PROOFS in -Cis it and Crimi.- Chapple, 66, Pall-mall; and Bower, 315, Oxford-street. 50 to 20 per cent., and on unmanufactured articles of from 20 to 10
.
fee it, prosperity under which it has enmeshed for SO many years. William Curtis, E.g. John Petty Aluspratt, Esq. na Praceedings; containing the Principles of Evidence-the Where may fie had, per cent. If he were asked if foreign countries were to do as much .
EDWARD FOSS, Secretary. William Davis, Esq. Major Rohde, Esq. Instruments of Evidence-the Application of those Principles and CATON on INDIGESTION, SCROFULA, and NITA NE- for us as we were to dolor them? lie would answer by asking, was
. - Crawford Ihivison, Esq. William Sander, Esq. Instruments to Proofs in general-alteir Application to the Proof of OUS DISEASES : with Ohervations on Eruptive and Scot- it the interest of the country so to do? and if it were, it would be
0H ILIAN MINING ASSOCIATION.-Notice is Sir Charles Flower, Ban. and George Shunt Storey, F.sq. particular Issues. butic Pimpleg of the Face and Skin, price 3s. right to do so. Jle had only to say, that those Bills embraced e
ILI hereby given, that the DEED of SETTLEMENT of the Alderman Charles Hampden 'Tamer, Esq. By THOMAS SZ'ARKIE. Esq. On FEMALE DISEASES, 3s. 6d. general view of the stute of the country, and a revision of the mane .k -
Chili= Milting Auticistion having been approved of by the Di- Emanuel Goodhart, Esq. Matthew Whiting, Esq. Of the Inner Temple, Barristermt.Law, Downing Professor of -- e- • measures alluded to. During the present Session, Parliament hail
lectern. will he ready for the Signature of the Proprietor.. of Shares, John Hawes, Esq. Matthew Wilson, Esq. Common Law in the University of Cambridge. rriHE NEW MONTHLY
of
fur July 1, made some of the MM. important -and beneficial Iterations in the
•on WEDNESDAY, the Bth day of June inst. at the Office of the William Heygate, Esq. Alder. Thomas ll'eson, Esq. M.P.
Association, at Winchester House, Broad-streee. in the City of man and 31. P.
London, and will remain there for the snare of One Calendar Persons whose Insurance payments fall due at Midsummer, are
elmith from that day, where a may be signed between the hours of requested to take notice, that printed receipts are now ready at the A
Tea In the Morning and Four in the Afternoon (Sundays ex- Offices in bontbartleureet and Charing-cress, where attendance is Printed for J. Ind W. T. Clarke, Law Booksellers, Portugal-
street, Lincoln's Inn.
Of whom may be had, in two vols. Bvo, price le 4%.
TREATISE of CRIMINAL PLEADING, with Forms
adapted to Practice. By Thomas Starkie, Esq. • ./.. contains, among a variety of other interesting subject's- commercial policy of t e country, and they were now called or-as;
1. Further Suggestions respecting the Plan of a College in London, to do away with thoseprohibitions, which were a disgrace to e.
by T. Campbell. Esq.-2. Sketches of the Irish Bar, No X. ; Statute Bonk.
se,
Confesaions of a Junior Barrister.--3. Old Dublin, by Lady Alor. The Marquis of LANS DOWN sompletely concurred in the
vonelbsßevi;,wite.tftoarletts_orofnthe Crtnesae ders.-5. Memoirs of Madame view token of the question by the Noble Earl, gel oaly regretted
. .
. t
aped) ; and further, that tie Shares held by Proprietors who do daily given from 9 till 4 o'clock. f Ronne. N.l 111.-7. 'I he Humming that prohibitions were not done away with along ago. The Noble '
net sign the said Deed of Setttement within One Calendar 31onth 'Tice rates and conditions of the PhomixCompany are of the moat ANNUAL LAW DIOEST--CONSOLID.ITED EDITION. gird,-8. The Family Journal, Ni' VIII. Seift's Mean and Marquis sugmeted the propriety ofprinting the Bills with as little
This day is published, in royal Bvo, price 11. 10s. boards, Great Figures.-9. London Lyrics ; :doming Calls.-10. Russian dela as possible, as they related to
from the said Bth day of June inst. will be forfeited. The Bankers' moderate description, and the adjustment of losses has been uni-Y
Receipt for the payment of the First Instalment must be delivered formly attended to with the utmost promptitude and liberality. A N ANALYTICAL DIGEST of the Reports of Travelling Sketches, No. L-11. 'flue Past Eternity.-12. Tn. Day Tile Bills were then read a second time.
so important a Subject.
. I'l
i
I I
1 up at the time of signing the Deed. Forms of Powers of Attorney Rent payable or receivable during the dilapidation of premises ..: I Cases decided in the Courts of Common Law and Equity, of in Ireland.-13. The Bard's Prophecy.-14. Criticism on Female JUDG''S IN INDIA BILL. i
for executing the Deed py the Proprietors not resident in London by Fire, may be insured by a form of policy peculiar to this Coen- Appeal, and NW Prius, and in the Ecclesiastical Courts, from the Beauty.-15. A Voyager's Dream of Land.-16. Proposals fur On the motion for the third reading of the Judges in India Bill,
may be had at the Office. patty for any amount. year 1817 to 1623, being a new and Consolidated Edition of the Abridging Life and Literature.-17. Authors and Editors.-111. The Marquis of lel NSDOWN regretted that he had not had
, E. H. PI.ISMPTRE, All qualified or pat tial interests in property liable to be affected Parts published during that period. The Birth of Genius.-19. The Inspiration of Tasso.-20. Exhi- an opportunity, when the subject of augmenting the salaries of
Solicitor to the said Association. by loss from Fire, Liss, be insured with this Company cn equitable By lIENRY JEREMY, Esq. bition of the Royal Academy.-21. Review of New Publications. Judges was before the House, of moving that the salary 06. the I ,
Temple, June 6, 1825. terms. Barrister at Law. and the tonal A'arietint in Art, Science, the Drama, Biography, Vice-Chancellor should be increased from 6,0001. to 7.0091. Ile
*se Several of the former Parts having become out of print, the Politics, Commerce, &c. Fee. did not conceive that office to be at all inferior to that of the Master --'
CANDLES, SO. per •lb. ; Waxed M'ick Moulds, ed. p ALLAI)II.3I LIFE AND FIRE ASSURANCE Author has in the present Edition undertaken to revise ard conso- Published and sold by Henry Cnlbnrn, 8. New Burlington- of the Rolls. He did not think there was any necessity for having
for Cash ; on Credit on the usual terms, at DAVIES.% Old SOCIETY, lidate the whole, in doing which ha has been enabled to give a street. (removed from Condeiostreet) ; Bell and Brailfute, Edit- a Vice-Chancellor at ell ; but if such an office were to be retained, ; 11
Established Wewelsouse, Kt. St. Marne's-lane, opposite Slaughter's WarElt-00-rtscE and 76 CHFAESIDE London.
1 , . • • , more complete analysis of die subjects contained under each title, burgh
,and John Cumming, Dublin ; and may be exported to he thought the holder of it ought to be recompensed according to
Coffee.house. Every article of the best, at prices as under:- Capitid-1 wo Millions Sterling. thereby rendering, he hopes, the work a useful supplement to Friends abroad, by application to the General Post Office, or any the dignity of the country.
Candles, Its. Mi. per dozen; Waxed Wick Moulds, Bs.; Palace DsnEcrons. former Digests. local Postmaster. The Earl of LIVERPOOL said a few words in reply. -
-- Si' t ,
Wax Lights,:ls. per lb. ' • fine Wax Candles, 35. 4d. ; Sperm Can. Sir E. HYDE PAST. Bart. H.P. F.R.S. Chairman. Printed for 3. and W. T. Clarke, Law Booksellers, Portugal- 1'...".""'""...' - -- ---- - ---XXIDII The Marquis of LA NSDOW. N said, that with respect to India et
dies. 21. 4d. ; Mottled • Soap, 725. per cwt. ; Yellow, 64.. ; Curd, Colonel JOHN BAILLIE, 31.1'. F.H.S. Deputy-Chairman. street, Lincoln's Inn. EAST INDIA SIIIPPING, there were some clauses in this Bill which would produce very tat_ . .
alla ; Windsor anti Palm Soap, Is. 4d. per lb.; Brown IVindsor, Jos. Dupre Alexander, Esq. Neil Benj. Ednionstone, Esq. --mem-- pleasant consequences in that country. There were certain persons •
1
16.9 d.; Sealing Wax, 4s. 6.1. Double relined Sperm Oil, 4.. lid. 31. V. Joseph Esdaile, E.g. NEW DIGEST TO THE TERM REPORTS. Pessexorn yea PRINCE REGENT, Captain Wade, from called half-castes, ,who. were prevented from serving on juries. *; ;
John L. Anderdon, Esq. Right Hon. W. 11. Fremantle,' This day is published, in two vols. royal ewe price 2/. 2s. New South Walcs-Dr. Wilson. such se exclusionwould never have the effeeenf 14:
Plir• real,Vemetitim. and Foreign Orden, executed with despatch. George Arbuthnot, Esq. 31. P. A DIGESTED INDEX to the TERM REPORTS, PROM VAN DIEMEN'S LAND-51r. Milliken, Sirs. Butler improving or contenting them. He believed this exclusion was
- • -.4..--tsu , Samuel llosanquet, Esq. Capt. Henry Kater, F.R.S. and othes, analytically arranged ; containing all the Points and three children, and two servants ; 31r. and Airs. Hook, and originally founded on the illegitimacy of those persons. but such 4'.: I
_ .
sir PENS. peculiarly well eut?-The Henryßrowne, Est). k. 11.5. Jattn.Mitshell, Jun. Esa,
Ant of Law argue, and determined In the Courts of King's Bench, four children. an argument had now become of no avail. lie hoped this subject i
Ar. 4 - sir those rem le Pimple and highly interesting, yet Sir M. Champion ue Lrespiry, (..hor.es Elton Prescott, Esq. Common Pleas, and Exchequer, during the Reigns of George 111. FROM THE 31AltRITIITS-Mr. Moir, Dlr. Ducomet, 31 iss would be hereafter considered. There were some other arrange-
Mefeellt f INS MIX Meru and peculiar made of revering Dart. ALP.- Peter Relemon, Esq. sod IV., contaloed io the Reports of Anstruther, H. Blackstone, Dowie and servant, Master De Gouge. mente relative to the serving on juries, which he also hoped worth(
t foe heft late aye; the *rills are kept to a great length of Sir W. Cosigreve, Bart. M.P.' Samuel Skinner. Ea+ .
di are seuesed and perfectly ripe for use; thus pie. Col. T. Ilene) liastings Davies, P. Maxwell Stewart, Esq..
44,
eg.c.... a points. so essential in this tuircle. Mr.. Blackstone. Bosamdet and Pullen, Bernewail and Alderson, Stilt, SPORER/ WITH-The Colombia Chapman, from Liver.
Barrows!' and Creswell, Broderick and Bingham Burrow Cow. pool to Bengal, the ilth June. in Ist 41, 4., long. 21, 24.
e CeE 'WM. leddycott Peril .., Oft.stitilests vomit, Bart. '4llealeraleS (iteiwtyn,-31Foriticilehor -ibelrzentes,.Scot*, Tboabia,;,. Sife=r6l INI'ELLIGENCE. be taken into comideration. To the Bill atoll, however, he did
not wish to give any opposition. o. 1;k8
;everted to by the Noble Lord, but could not enter into it at p-e- - es •
•• tendered capable of the linemeinaperaturee p 51,
__P. Colonel Stark 11rAlks. per, Douglas, Dismissed and East -East, Forrest, Lill, Ma:rshall, ---www.---- The Earl of LIVERPOOL saw the importance of the topic
'll.
Sack of petite QUILLS and PENS always on hand. W. R. K. Douglas, Esq. 31. P. Wightwick, IVilson ; with Tables n co, Le. containing • -sweetw--- sent. Lie thought, however, that the qucsfiete of -extending pre.
Made and sold by E. w 11.1.1 A 318. Stationer to the King arid It ha. heen the object of this leettitutior to combine the advent. the substance of nearly one hundred volumes. CUSTOM-HOUSE, JUNE 29. vilegetto the half-castes might to be considered on its own menus, . '
DI the Royal Family, No. 11, Strand, London. Portable Pens of ages and to remedy the defects of other knstablishmentet and greater Second Edition• coneklenahly improved and enlarged, ENTERED Leweaos.-The Mary Ann, 3lozley, from NI. and wit not in any way contorted with sheinßill. - ils. '
the same quality. benefice are secured to the public, both in the Life and Fire Depart- By ANTRCNY HA MMOND, Esq. Domingo; Ant, Watson, from St. Jago de (tuba; Virginia The Bill was then read a third Mire analsWiiied.
MVOs, than have been offered by any other Swift y. Of the Inner Temple. packet, Knight, from Virginia; British ['ohm, Power, front Li- Lord AI ELViLLr, moved the Mire reading of the Cuffing sod
WENSINGTON BLOND LACE, an entirely new and In the Life Department, four-fifths (or tal per cent.) of the London : Printed for J. and W. T. Clarke, Law Booksellers, zarettet Nile, Baker, front Rotterdam ; Christian, Benner, noes 31aiming (Scotland) Bill.
!
-
1% eapinioe Article in Veda, Scarf., Shawls, and Pelerins. estimated profits will be added every seventh year, by way of Portugal-etreet, Lincoln's-Inn. Dunkirk ; ►Ann, el'are, from Rio Janeiro; Prince Regent, Ben- '
l'he has of LA DERI' DALE moved that'she dense relative to
Also beautifully transparent Kensington Brussels Silk Nets, the Bonus. to the Policies effected for the whole term of Life, on lives son, from Liverpool ; Prince of Waterloo, Deary, from Stem throwing vitriolic acid be omitted from the MIL .
Just published, by Kingsbury, Parbury, and Allen, Leadethall. The motion was opposed by Lord ef ELVILLE, and the GM, .
Made wurranted to wsah perfectly white, and equal to Thread ; insured under the age of ate or will be applied in reduction of future Leone; Juliana, Shaman, from Vera Cruz ; Dart, Stranack, from
street, in Hen, price 9s. without the amendment, was read a third time and passed.
are in reality superior to any rweign Bland. annual premiums, at the option of the assured.Ostend ; King George packet, Hart, from Rotterdam ; A iniable . .t •
MONTI' in FRANCE and SWITZERLAND, Aru'rii ECAN MS BILL.
Also, the KENSINGTON LACES, upon foreign principles, In the Fire Department.'
an equal apportionment of four-fifths AElise, Grandin, front Havre; N'olsisiu, Rulfell, front Jamaica ; .
is every fashionable article for Dress, are of the most elegant de- I (or .10 per cent.) on the profits on policies continued for seven years, during the Autumn of 1824. Lady Rowena, Elder, from Quebec and Montreal ; Anna, Ora, On the motion of Lord SUFFIELD the Noose went Mos a. . i
ocriptinn, and cheaper than even the spurious starched Laces. will be 'septennially allowed to persons who have paid seven years' By JOHN SMITH, Esq. ' from Schien ; Filet' Edmond, from Oporto; Exmouth, Owen, Committee on the Apothecaries Biil.
Cannot be had genuine anywhere but at the Warehouse, 30, South- premium Lord 3IELVILLF moved that the o eridon Of ate Bill con in a single sum, or by annual payments. The remaining Of Gray's Inn : a Chairman of the Committee of Manufactures, from Madras, Calcutse, and the Cape of Good Hope; Glutton, , . - P ; tot o
fined to one year, in order that the subject might be again ht
arweton.street, C,ovent-gerden, • profits in both Departments will be tranekrred to the subscribed Society of Arts. Lawton, front Santa Cruz ; Aurora, Nieholle, from Waterford :
betere the fit within a comparative short period.
'mall -inereasin
Kensington Black Lace Veils, Shawls, Petering, Dresses, &c. capital, ani preserved untouched to form a continually-increasing y g
day'sTNSON'S SOUTH AMERICA. (1803 Itle3 Scotia, Smith, from Galway ; Alliance, Williams, from Kinsale;
:tiler a few observations from Lord It ossever and the Earl of
equal to thentilly. - guarantee to the assured. to -.) Berbice, 'Warts, from Youghal ; Amity, Privett, from Galway ;
A prompt payment ot six years' premium entitles the assured to This i published, in 3 vols. Bvo, illustrated with Costumes, Rover, Hardesstle, from iVexford ; and Liverpool packet, -, LAUDERDALE, the amendment was aimed to. the Bill wan
and • View of the Bay and Fort of Call o, from Limerick. through a Committee, and the Report was ordered to be received • .
NOBL F:NI EN and GENTLEMEN engaged in or the benefit of a seven yeare' Insurance. •
cOnterophOing the iraproeement of their tlmutwis are re- All claims on the Society paid without deduction or discount; A
HISTORICAL arid DESCRIPTIVE NARRA- ENTERED Ourwaens.-The Reaper, Stratlford, from e:lsi- to-morrow.
, ,
'l'he Scotch Partnershi Bill went through a Committee, and the FIVE of Twenty Years' Residence in SOUTH AAIE. nom and Riga • 'Joseph, Christopherson, from Madras. Penang, - r*
sportfully
solicited to inspect CAT() and SON'S INVISIBLE and the assured have the option of settling disputed claims by
h ;
RICA; containing Travels in Araueo, Chile, Peru, and Colombia ; !Rebecca, and Siltgapoire; and Crisis, Dyke, front New Yolk. Report, with the auendments, was ordered to be printed.
FENCE, a cheap and elegant Encloeure for Park,. helms, Shrub. arbitration.
,mug elin Prevention Bill.'
he Isle of Man Trade Bill, the ~,• g
bates, and ornamental 'Walks, guaranteed to of bed effectual resist. Pan by obt • •
WA ;strung the seulement of a loss, do not loss their with an Account of the Revolution, its Rise, Progress, and 'CLEARED
OUTwARDS FINALLY AT limeys:seem-The .1.
anee to deer and all kinds of grazing stock, rendered impervious to right to participate in the profits. Results. John and Harriet, Phillips, for Tunis; Sea Nymph, thorough', for the Warehousing of Goods Bill, anti the Dublin Corn Exchange
hares and rabbits, where the protection of flowers and exotics is Persons Assuring their lives in this Office may cross the sea in By W. 11. STEVENSON, Naples ; Charlotte, Tritten, for Settin ; and Henry Cox, Sergeant, Ilde went respectively through Committees, and were reported.
remitted ; also to their Wmught-iron poodles foe a temporary decked vessels between the Elbe and Brest, with out any extra Formerly Private Secretary to the President and Captain-General for Jamaira. CCOMBINATION LAMS.I
division of pasture lands. alanufactory, 89, Holborn-hill. oppoaite premium being required. of Quito ; Colonel, and Governor of Esmeraldes ; Captain de DLEIRIEG Ouva.wons.-The Lively, Rodman, foe Sierrc Mr. Marsden, Me. Wallace, and several other Members of the I
1
St. Andrew's church. A new-invented portable garden-seat, Policies expiring at Midsummer Day should be renewed within Fragata ; and late Secretary to the l'ice.Adroiral of Chile-his Leone and Cape Coast Castle; New Times, Chile, for Bermuda House of Commons, brought up the Report of the Committee on ,
,
pheauntries, aviaries, and wire coops for preserving partridges 15 days thereafter. WALTER (TOSSER, Sec. Excellency the Right Honourable Lord I Cochrane, Pee. and Nee Providence ; Planet, Young, for Triest ; Colombia, the Combination laws, and the Bill fur the repeal of certify parts
nand poultry Morn vermin, wire bordering for ilower-beas and clumps,
London : Printed for Hurst, Robinson, and Co.. 90, Cheapside; Wilson, for !Madeira and New South Wales ; Socrates, Boland, of the late Combination Laws Act. ' '
.()
fashionable brass
wire-work for libraries and drawing-room win_ HOPE ASSURANCE COMPANY, 6, BRIDGE- and H, Pall-mall; A. Cons able and Co. ; and Oliver and Boyd, for Gibraltar' Ott the motion of the Earl of SHAFTESBURY, the Bill was
• Vrouw Elizabeth, Van de Sterne, for Ostend. Bru.
dews, dy.proof wire-work foe deities and larders, with every article STREET, BI.ACEFRIARS, 325, OXFORD-STREET, Edinburgh. gee, and Ohesit • Madeline, Hayes, for Teneriffe, Isle of France, read a first time, and ordered to be read a seconde time to-morrow •
in the iron and wire-wink department. LONDON ; PRINCES-STREET, EDINBURGH ; and I6,WEsT-
and Ceylon; and Fortitude, Fotheringham, for Quebec. (this day).
MORCLANLI.sTRLET, DUBLIN. IL CRO('IATO IN EGITTO. Adjourned at a quarter past Seven.
AN INVALID CARRIAGE COT, with BEI), six DIRECTORS. THE HARMONICON, No. XXXI, published on the FROM LLOYD'S LIST. ---esses--
I
feet six inches long, for the REMOVAL of INVALIDS. ROBERT NVILLIAMS, Esq. H.P. Chairman. Ist of July, price 2s. MI. contains the Overture, Chorus of - HOUSE OF COMMONS, THURSDAY, JUNE 30. -
however SEVERELY AFFLICTED, with SAFETY and EDWARD BILKE, Esq. Deputy Chairman. Priests and Knights, and March and Chorus, " All' Armi !" (ar. FALMOUTH, JUNE 211.-Arrived the Success, Russell, from
EASE. Invented by W. HARMAN sod SON. who were hi,. Robert Barron, Esq. John Itintsbottoin, jan. Esq. ranged for the Piano-forte); Trio, " Alai prover o giovin tor;" St. John's, New Brunswick, oiled 22d ult., leaky, with loss of COMBINATION LAWS.
mound by ROYAL command to complete a carriage for the re- John Burnell, Esq. 31. P. Duettince " Non v'e per not piu epeme ;" Aria, `• Deli ! mira bulwarks. Off the l'ort the Doncaster, Marshall, from Mira- Alderman THOMPSON presented petitions from Messrs. Cue.
move) of HER late MAJESTY QUEEN CHARLOTTE. M'm. I Sumbell, Esq. Joseph Ranking, Esq. l'angelu;" Rondo. "Ah ! eltho Fedor° ancor ;" Aria, " (mo- michi, sailed 2d instant. Sailed the Eclipse packet, with further ling and Young, shipbuilders of Limehouse, complaining of MI.- t •
I'he peculiar emit-ruction of this COT and APPARATUS is John Capcl, Esq. I 'William Reece, Esq. nerd Cavalier ;" Canone, " Sogni e ridente," /4.. e. ; with Italian despatches, for the Brazils ; and the 'byte Watson, for London. representation fit a former petition to the House, by the sawyers.
such, that an INVALID may be removed from their BED into John Farley, Esq. IT. D. Rothweit, Esq. and English words, and Pia;to.forte accompaniments; from Meyer- PLYMOUTH, JUNE 28.-Off the Port the Ceres, Foster, from The Honourable Member presented a petit's.] from some workittee I.
a LANDAU adapted for its reception, without change of position Thomas Helps, Esq. Geo. Scholey, Esq. and Ala. beer's celebrated Heroic Opera, "Il Crociato in Egitto:" with a Havannah in 43 days ; and Deux-e'ictoires, Cary, troin-31exi:o. confirmatory of the statements in the former petition.-Laid cr. Me
or increase of suffering, and conveyed to any distance, together John Jones, Eeq. John Warmlngtun, Esq. . Programme of the Opera, translated and abridged from the Italian. Sailed the Prince of Saxe-Coburg, for London. table. •
with attendants. Assurers with this Company, either upon Life or against Fire, The usual Foreign Musical Report, ecc. SVEY)toutis, JUNE 29.-The Malta, Parker, from Bristol to Alderman THOMPSON also prompted a petition from ship-
alamy persons of h'gh rank and professional eminence suffering will be allowed to participate in its profits, without incurring any London t Punted for Samuel Leigh. 18. Strand; sold by W. Montreal. was run down on the 25th instant by the Sally, Horn, wrighta in the employment of Messrs. Fletcher, respecting the
under the most severe affliction, and from long confinement despair- of the liabilities attaching to Societies founded upon the principle Blackwood. Elilinburgh ;R. Milliken, Dublin ; and all Booksellers from IHavannah to Antwerp, 4.511 miles S.W. of the Lizard: The statements they had made in mfornier petition that they bad betel
tog of the possibility of ever being able to endure removal, have, I
rat'
tartsurlimaerTaraannsfe.the he
advantage distinguishing characteristic of this
more captain and his wife, fiat mate, cook, a boy, and the wife of a pas- subjected to abuse for not having agreol wi li the shiewright. aho
by the benefit this BED of EASE affords. TRAVELLED, with- s ,which it has oiler, Of whom may be had, senger, were unfortunately drowned. were members of the Union, and praying ter protection !rota en. tO
out fatigue or inconvenience, from lilt to 120 milts in one day, and particularly ezunarated below. The Harmonicon Edition of le elates DER FREISCHUTZ, DEAL, JoNE 29-Arrived the Courier, Burdus, from the lawful urions.
honoured the Inventors with testimonials of their high approbation, LIFE DEPARTMENT. ABU HASSAN, and PRECIOSA, orice 2s. 6d. each. Mediterranean; London, Annan ; Augustus Comae, Selby; and Sir J. WROTTESLEY took this opportunity of vittilicaiieo
to WllOlll reference may be made. Cart-non--On g MILLION. Orders should epeatfy the Hertnonicon Editions of IVeber's Margaret, -, from Jamaica ; Christopher, Knight, from Mira- the fairness of the proceedings of the Committee on the tenet' t•-a-
To be seen at their Coach Manufactory, le John-street, Oxford- Ist. A bonus, coneisiing of two-thirds the profit of life assurance, Freischute, Preciosa, and Abu Ilassan, as the price is less than tnichi ; and Meredith. of' Bristol, front the westward. Pasaed tion haws.
street, London : and rosy be engaged for any journey. will be divided septennially amongst assurers for the whole period ."r sixth of other editions. through the London, Talbert, for Seville ; Orpheus, Findlay. for PRIVATE BILLS.
of life, In proportion to the amount of their policy and the term of ----- the Mauritius ; and Leslie Alexander, Morris, for Sicily. The Mr. LITTLETON postponed till next Session the consider:vim'
AB ET-MAK E RS' SOCA ETY.-CHEAP its existence. AN IMPROVED ROAD-BOOK. whole of the outward-bound sailed about noon, with a light breeze of the Resolutions he had drawn up relative to the appointment of
1
CCABINET and UPHOLSTERY. at the LONDON N. The Lonus is either added to the policy, to be paid when the Just published, with a Map of England and Wales, Os. bound, or from N.W., which has since shifted. to S.W. and freshens. Committees out Private Bills. The Resolutions had suet the eo.
REPOSITORY for the CABI NET-31A K E RS' SOCIETY, policy becomes a Haim, or will be applied in the reduction of future with 53 County Afars. price 12s. fel. bound, GRAVESEND. JUNE 29.-Arrived the Lisbon Packet, Prouse, proval of most of the Mernbere to whom they had been eubmitted.
being the only real one now existing in London, No. el, corner of premiums, at the option of the party assured. -1- EIGH'S NEW POCKET ROAD-BOOK of froni Oporto; Cambridge, Mason, and George it I, Pipplewell, The approaching termination of the Session induced him to post.
LEADEN II A I.L.S'flt EET, opposite A Ideate Pump, an %leiEd-pane the discussion upon them to next Session. -
d whicfi 3,1. Persona assuring, who are desirous of paying the annual dl. a ENGLAND, WALES, and PART of SCOTLAND. from Jamaica; Ant, Watson. from St. Jago de hub's; k .
' Wallace,grown, from St. meta • Mr. ItHOUGH Aal thou ht that the Resolutions of the Hoe
tiss been established upwards of Six Veers. For Ready Ilonoe premium upon their policy for a limited number of years only, on the Plan of Reichard's Itineraries; containing an account of all monds, from Oporto ; Sir 14 m.
rather than during the whole continuance of life, may be so accent- the Direct and Cross Roads ; together with a Description of every and Mary, David, from the South Seas. Sailed the Arethitsa,Alunt, Member were of the utmost Importance. The mote, however, that
mit no Abatement.
The Trustees and Committee respectfully Inform the Nobility modated, the Directors having caused a Table of Rates to be ulcer. remarkable Place, Its Curiosities, Manufactures, Commerce, Po- for Haniburgh ; and Importer, Row, for Jamaica. he considered the subject of these Resolutions, the more he found
' r
end Gentry, that they still conduct the above Establishment for hued expressly for that purpose. pulation, and principal Inns; the whole forming a complete guide AI, [MORD. du GE 'ea.-Arrived the Triune, Dunbar, from that there was a difficulty in legislating upon it in the manner M-
the Benefit of industrione and ingenious Mechanics (who have large 4th. persons whose lives are assured by this Company are per.
to
•every object worthy the attention of Traveller,. Alexandria (Egypt), with f 165 bales of cotton wool for Liverpool, tended by the Hon. Member. He was aware of the evils of tit. .
rimless. by offering their Manufactured Articles in the Cabinet mitted to pass by sea from one part of the United Kingdom to ii• Although numerous Road-books have from time to time ap- and furnished with a foul bill of health. Captain Dunbar reports, present system of appointing Committees on private Bills, but ha t
Line, of the best workmanship, and cheaper titan by any House in another, in decked vessels or steam boats ; and are also allowed Peered before the public, each professing to excel its predecessor. that while at Alexandria one of his boys was taken ill on board ; was not disposed altogether to approve of the nomination of Men) by
London, no other profit being re I ed• a tisfy the warehouse during peace to from British to any foreign port between the yet it is still a subject of complaint, that there is not one Compact in he was carried on time to the hospital, where in eight days ho died, • Majorities of that House, and principally for this reason-they a 1
cm T then .o s
remand incidental expenses; being satisfied with constant employ- Texel and Brest, both inclusive, in vessels as before described, its form and lucid in its arrangement ;
_that those at present pub- and it was supposed of the plague. knew how the Committees of that House were formed ; they wet-
mint
...:i enable them to support their families, the number of whom without additional charge. liahed are either too bulky or tau confused-that they either contain .MIRAMICHI, MAY 27.-The Islas, bound to Prince Edward's formed by the majority of that House, and they all knew the slaw .
appear by the Books of the last Quarterly Meeting to be 148. sth. A guarantee Capital of One Million Sterling having been much_more,or much le4 than the traveller requires. It has been Island and altramichi, was in the Gut of Canto 14thfestanf, with of parties sufficiently_ to know that there was it considerable main_
From the great patronage the Committee have received, they are subscribed, assurers with this Company enjoy a parucipauon in the Editor a Run, in preparing this volume, to take a middle loss of foreeopmast, bulwarks, and part of her stanchions ; main- ray on the side of Minister. lie therefore objected to the in.
in hopes of increasing that number. profit, without incurring the liability of loss. course ; and while he has endeavoured, on the one hand, to avoid topmast and mainyards sprung. creasing the power of the Crown, which would, in his opinion. be t - ;
The following lea Specimen of the Low Prices asked ; all Goods 6th. Disputed claims may be referred to arbitration. all prolix details respecting uninteresting objects, he trusts that, on QUEBEC, Mar 23.-The Nymph, arrived from Liverpool, saw the result of leaving the nomination of Committees to be decided
warranted:- X. s. d. 7th. No entrance money, admission fee, or other official charge, the other hand, he has not omitted to notice any town, village, or the Hermit, Eadie, of Greenock, off Bird Island on the 16th by a majority. He would suggest, as a very useful imptoventent
Five feet Mahogany Bedstead, four-post 4 4 0 exacted. Nobleman's seat, worthy the attention of the intelligent traveller. instant, abandoned, water-logged, and in a sinking state• in these Committees, that they be left open to the public. The re-
Tent ditto - • . . - 16 0 A bonus, amounting in most instances to twenty-five per cent. Printed for Samuil Leigh, 10, Strand ; and sold by all Book- - port of what took place there would check at least, if not preyetit.
t
Bordered Matress to fit - - I 1 0 and in some to upwards of thirty per cent., on the premiums paid sellers. The London, Armen, strived in the Downs from Jamaica, sailed much of what was complained of in the conduct of those Commit- 111
31ahogany Drawers with solid ends - 13 0 within the seven years ending at Alichaelmae, 11118, has been de- This the 2d ult., and on the 16th, near the Dry Tortugae, fell in with a tees. The report would not, perhaps, be fully detailed la the
Eight 31ahnicany Chairs - 66 0 clued on all policies of assurance erected in this Office for theis Publieh I.h d I day nan some y printed two Volumes /Ivo. with -
piratical schooner of about6fty wax The Sarah Christina gaited London newspapers, but it would be circulated in the particular
Mahogany Pembroke Table - - '2 0 11 whole period of life. a Map and seven Engravings, Pnce If. 3%. boards, the second from Jamaica', few dues before the London. The John Shand, districts in which en interest was taken upon the subject before the
Farther Bel, free from dust and smell, FIRE DEPARTMENT. w Edition, careftilly revised and corrected, with a Table of Con- Planet, Rawlins, Kingstone. of Bristol, and several others, were consideration of the Coenniittee. Ile was the more diepueed to Te-
net haul tents prefixed. of to sail a few days after she left. commend this course as he was of opinion that great g
from X 2 12 0 to II e 0 L•ErTAL--4)XX 'MILLION.
the Houle.
Deawing.room Sofa, from 1.5 boto 7 7 0 let. A bonus of two.thirds the profit of fire assurance will be HISTORY of the EXPEDITION to RUSSIA, un- The Hermit. of Greenock, has been seen in the Gulf of St. Law. arisen from the publicity given to the proceedings of t
the majority of -,
Ditto Bedstead - . . 3 8 0 divided, at the end of every five years, amongst the assured for devaken by the Emperor Nsnoleon in 1812. fence, with only her stern above water. through the press. Respect was certainly due to t
h.
ly
Mahogany Horse-Hair Sofa - - 610 0 upwards that period, in proportion to the amount of their respective Baur- By GENERAL COUNT PHILIP DE SEOUR. The William, Black, from Whitehaven to Richebucto, was lost that house, ho t ugh he (Mr. Bros Eau did not respect fin igb
Mere would be
A Quantity of Paper Hangings for Bed, Dining, and Drawing antes. Printed for Treuttel and Warta, Treuttel, Jun. and Richter, 30, in the ice near Msgdalen Islands the ith May. Crew and passengers re others (a laugh), yet he was satisfied that many th .
• .
Roams, at nearly Half Price. The Trade will tind it womb their 2d. A guarantee Capital of One Milliun Sterling having been Soho-square. saved, done in that House, aye and many things persons aught well be
mposnl upon these proceed- f '
attention. subscribed, usurers with this Company enjoy a participatMts in Of whom may be had, The Arcadia, of London, from the West Indies for Quebec, has ashamed of, were it not for the check i_
IR and the presence of suahgers.
..
Homan Famished at a few days' notise, and Aporoosate in a profit, without incurring the liability of loss. The Sixth Edition of she French Original, in two vols. evo, been towed into Allramichl diecouted. logs by the supervision of the pro,
ood
e underst ) thought it 'amid be a
, few lowa . 3d. Policies issued gratis to assurers of 3001, and upwards. price D. 2s. ;or with an atlas of four Portraits and two Views, The Catherine, Boothe/irk, ftem -, foundered in lat. 51, air. S. WORTLEY Ms w
1 front these Committees-
. floods pecked and sent to all parts of England free of expense 4th. Looses uniformly paid by this Company with liberality and prior 11. Hs.-Also
I.
lonsr. 27. . desirable object to introduce an eppee
Id be best effected by the 04tpoinDlictit of a
r merle the matting. promptitude. HISTOIRE de I. EXPEDITION de RUSSIE-Par be Mar, The Lord flungerford, for Bengal, and the Caroline. Campbell, which he thought You
old Furniture taken in Exchange ; Appraisements in ?almond nth. Disputed claims may be referred to arbitration. quls de Chambray, Colonel tie Artillerie, 2de Edition, 3 vols. Oro- for New Brunswick, ran foul of each other off ()over on Wednaeday t Committee by ballot see that a eerygreat eb,ack would be
l Country; bed *tams diked. Notice is hereby given, That Policies of Assurante against Fire, avec tin atlas de Cartes et Plane, et 3 Vignette', 'erica of as, the latter Les returned to the Downie having loot bey fore-masts, 31r. CROistEll suggest
__
~ . peat.
of Mernkers on Uotrountsna on meat( B,lls if
, ,
consul-rig. which expire at Midsummer, will become void, unless the Pre. II ISTPIIRE M ILITA IRE de la CA MPAGNE de AUSSIE bowsprit, head and eotwater, sod sustained other damage. upon the inattention
standing order of the Haupt. which was pocan use, will enforced,
! T. ('order IJ. Wilson. IJ. Carter mium to renew the mine be paid go or before the 9th inst. en 1812.-Par le Colonel Boutourlin, Aide.de•Camp de S. M. Vesstx eiroxest -Wrret t-The Colombia, from Liverpool for a
earnei t that the names of aueorlingrive Coroaittee should
T. Hasler I J. Unett W. %Y hem. Proposals delietted it the Oast, and by tan eenoteriee Amore l'Empereur de Ru5ge,....2 vole. aro, avec un Idea lonia*, price Calcutta, qui the Ilth ,b3stant, by the Washington, any= at . ./' down, ... Pow. ._ ,
._
,be slaty taken At Oral only DOW psi to Pi Pi T/lIIRNJAGE, Agent. J. 4SLER Awful-7. Fr am Courrea7. . 1111. BURY, lies. 11. le& Liverpool.
•
'ir.
4
. ,

been towed into Mirentichl distussted.
The Catherine, Borthsitak, from foundered in lat. 51,
long. 27.
The Lord Bungsrforti. for Bengal, and the Caroline. Campbell.
for New Btunsivicst, ran (tailor each other off Pores on Wednesday t
the latter Las returned to the Down', having lost her fore-masts,
bowsprit, head and cutwater, and sustained other damage.
Vrasst. airbag w WM; t—The Colombia, horn Liverpool der
Calcutta. en the Ilth .instant, by the Washington, arrived at
LiverpooL

that it wee ascertained a quorum bail been present. If all the I
tames were taken devirn it would, at least, prevent gentlemen from
attending the last day only for the purpose of giving a vote, with-
uot knowing the merits of the case on which the tote was given.
Mr. Ll rr ETON said that as the resolutions were postponed.
he hoped the discussion upon the reaolutioas weuld be postponed
at to lle had the happiness to know that the Itesolutions which
he es al drawn up were approved of by those who had the mast prac.
field knoale Ige of the esivle of appointing Cominitteeg ; he would
Lot, however. enter into discussion upon them.
Mr. CA ',CRAFT vindicated the conduct of the Committees.
Though some interested persons had been upon them, the partial
t•elency of what they might do was checked by thme who were
nix interested. For his own part, tie had not ergaged in any of the
many speculations of the present day, upon the principle that he
ought woe to bee party to a transaction on which lie might after-
wards be called upon to gi.e his opinion in the character of a judge.
He would venture to assert, that of the many private Bills which
Tad passed through the 'House this Session, they had all been
fairly sad fully extminol into in the Committee upon them.
This consideration of the resolutions was then postponed to that
day three weeks, which Is equivalent to a postponement of them to
the seat Session.

•
long in operation, and which enccumged that class of persons ifl
act oppressively towards the workmen. He hot.ed under ths new
Act, that if complainui should unfortunately arise, the Magistrates
would he as ready to listen to them against the masters as when
made against the men. He confessed, he thought the latter bad
not that attention paid to them which their importance to the com.
munity made them deserving or. It was because be held that
opinion, that he had, on all occasions since this subject was in.
troduccd. exerted his humble efforts to promote the interest of the
men. He hoped the Magistrates would give a favourable interpre-
tation to the dubious word enclewing, and was certain, that the
operatives would best consult their own interest by altogether re-
fraining front threats, intimidation, and molestation.
Mr. Secretary PECI. did not wish to protract the discussion:
Imo he could not hear it insinuated, that it was the disposition of
the Committee and of the House to bear hard upon the operatives',
who were the matt) strength of the community, without rising to
repel that insinuation. There was no disposition in that House to
favour the masters at the expense of the men. There was ajust
dislike to the abominable system of violence springing front cam.
binatious of workmen ; but be had never heard any expression In
that House so strong against combinations as those !scribed to the
Hon. Member for Aberdeen. in a letter written by him to Mr.
Alien, a ;ships/tight of Dundee. Mr. Hume said in that letter,
that the plan proposed by the operatives relating to apprentices
wcs not likely to produce the desired effect; and that if they did
not act with more moderation, fdrness, and rrudence, the legfsla-
tore must retrace its steps, and adopt measures to stop the unreason-
able claims of the operatives, which were too often accompan;:d
with violence. (Hear, hear.) Now, though those sentiments did
not exactly coincide with the Hon. Gentleman's present sentiments,
' he (Me. Peel) was glad to give him the cledit of his former °pi-
' nions. It appeared, however, that Parliament did not go so far as
the (100. Gentleman tippreheoded. Parliament did not retrace its
' step!, sod in conclusion, he had only to hope that the operatives
would in future be governediby the principles of justice, and avoid
these abominable combinations, so injurious to the trade of the
' country, and to their own interest.
NIT. C. ELLICE thought many of the objections to the proposed
measure, had been removed by the alterations proposed by
I the ,Attorrfy.General. He concurred to the fullest extent
io:the aetitiment expressed in the letter of his lion. Friend, which
was Itnit'lead. If prices should rise, from the reduction of the pro.
tenting duties, and combinations !vended with violence should
continue. the consequence would be the inevitable destruction of
the silk manufacture, which was one of the hest manufaftures in
the country. He trusted, however, that we should hear no more
' of those acts of outrage and violence. If they were persevered in,
would force the lArlslature to pass strong measures, which all must
d 'precate, but olich mac under %milt circumstances slinuld oppose.
Mr. 1/I AX‘VELL very notch te,red that such was the financial
stato of the country—sorb the system pursued, that the prodoce of
firitlsh workmen could not be brought into successful competition
with that of the subjects of foreign Powers. He felt persuaded that
the state of tasation was such as did not allow those wages which
' afibrd cumfortoble maintenance to the working classes.
The question was then put, and the Dill passed without a di-
vision.

out of the town. He was attended by a numcr-

EING'S 7-t7r ITRE.

bus party'of the principal people here. Col. Cemest: et., Lait night was produced at this theatre Rassi's opera,
the Second British Commissioner, remains here now as 11 Crociato in .Egilta, the music UE Meyerbeer, a Prussian
British Charge d'Affaires. Thus are we getting into some-
or German composer, whole n !: ie.rous protinctiees have
like order and system after so many years of con-
I attained considerable celebrity o ! the Continent, a. though
not hitherto publicly known in his country, this being, if
Colonels HAMILTON and CAM I'D LL have both Iwe recollect right, the first specimen of his inesiter powers
very much liked here for their ageemble manners and ?ever stibretted to the judgment of a leritish audience. The
conduct. Congress is to break up on the Ist of plot of this opera is as follows :
May, I understand. A considerable sensation has been sixth hunru%7:,inontitio, enteeicgoget
Damietta, tke plaits ion(
caused among the Mine Proprietors, by the news of the iKniglite of &miles, commanded' by Esmengarile de-batanent,
wrtirwesreeittrrl'uo;elt.iiebestrealy:eertil;ainiedne,abletfer
ofa roost heroic
oenreeAlate ittlej•gre:
formation of the Colombian Mining Company in Landon.
They already reckon their property worth double whet it i veto kSignw'VOltitfl, a young Knight of Provence, wee one of this
was before. The fact is, that the mineral treasures of tvheihsratinb.anli e t fainting tonllll4nteorre
himself,
hcilenl,tea do
on, and
nanwionz
Colombia have been hitherto 'but very slightly brought !othee means of escaping from the disgrace of slavery than by
forward. The Spanish Government, for reasons of its 7 lie bored, by
jecenee.titigthletinintaf. I:,taianwsirtfe
ttiorre,etwelrine,y,linttol
own (very wise ones, of course), always discouraged min- I ttiscoier titeir tarns, and to find, a favourable moment for escape.
Armand, under the asstunetl name of Elinireno, found an oppor.
ing in this country. The English miners, someof whom I tunny of signalising his Wine; and of saving the life of Aladin,
have arrived at Mariquita, will soon find out what is in I Sultan of Damietta. ' 11w supposed young soldier_of fortune,
hmism valour and gentle manners, won
the country. The Government arc highl y means of his ani
y pleased with I the ran-Mors of the Sultan, who lii.canie his friend, and re.
the forming of this Company, and well they may, for the e
daughter eunit
nitt.n..lol'ishl the
171a:1:n1:03st.: artia), was e Sultanrg 4'1:1 usa
indolence of this people wants much to he stirred up by a the 'tts,:wee of the ygyiitian diaidens. She saw the supposed Eln,'...
I p wit the cons,4l4tence Afar from his
foreign impetus. The recognition of the independence by re",
ra ni.nhiut" scai I;"sTionti 01 cv.r returning to. it again, young.,
Great Britain is a grand event. It consolidates all under- countyandof .anw:inient thcsiiida, and forgot rnsof, his dories. the
faith he had plighted to Felicia (S'gtr"ra (:iercie, a tinb!.•
takings in this country. It gives a character and a pro-
of Prevent*. and yielded to the love ca 1 Amide. lie matrue ril
tection to every thing, that was greatly needed. The Go- her be **alp in. mysteries of his firsitaii: they were ethseecTij.i.
remittent leave sent an order to all the Custom-houses of , itnoniTitsr..,Vtee
itc;Szee.eprfodeimumettryo,t
stains unionthesense riod.creliction of duty,
the Republic, to set apart, from the Ist July next, one- I were ever presett)istert,ocalliitshteniinodulunanllat.hturechwma gloety ci;irst overanh'crahar
fourth d I is
part of the Customs receipts ; the Custom-hceses in e
uaughtAer,la'annnd°orly.waited the return of I:Wain-no Isom a glorious
the Pacific arc to remit this amount to Panama, the others campaign, in order to unite their Mode. Meanwhile overtures
re mule to the Sultan b liniihts of Rhodes, exc
to Carthagent, from sthence it is to be transmitted to
of prisoners ; terms of pey acethe were also offered, an loan emhangebassy
England to pay the interest on the loans. We want from t rem arrived at Damietta, headed licade,d. by triar.to Mont furs
much some of your English money to make gINI mauls Oi'VlitOrdeesunmAtLaialitt wasg disguise'
'hien 4hiatire.
" 11Cmlel'"
I •expected, recm,-n at: •y
ill this country, and I believe - that our Government Felicia, and the Conductorof the embassy, alto is his kinsman ;
and on being taxed wnh y tales religion and Is
would give large temptation, in the way oftolls and
seized with remorse, and announces hinrself in his proper cha-
privil?ges, to those who might undertake it. A Oa mew teethe Sultan, who orders hint and hi- Christian triennia to be
establishing a National Bunk is before Congress." thrown'into prison. The sultan subsequently, at the earnest en..
teeny of his daughter Pohlad; consents to release the captive..
Osition (Signor G. Crivelli), the intriguing Vizier rif Aladin, now
conies into action, and, actuated by a secret affection for "abrade,
forms a conspiracy for the purpose of cutting off and deposing her
father, in order that he may gain possession or his amine and
daughter's hand. Ile discloses the nature of his plots partially tn
the Christian Knights and Armand, who apparently consents to
become hit accomplice ; but on his attempting to put his plans into
execution, by attacking the Sultan sword in hand, Armand inter..
poses, and again saves the monarch's life. 'Flits feat being ric-
onniptished, the piece cods happily In the reunion of Armand and
Palmide, and to the satisfaction of all parties, except Gamines anti
Felicia, who are both disappointed. the one in his hopes of a wife,
anti the other in her expectations of a husband.
Having thus givetran analysis of the plot of the new
Opera, we come next to the hero of the piece and the
evening, Signor Velluti, who made his first appearance on
this occasions before a London audience, having previously
attained considerable celebrity in some of the highest cir-
cles, in concert singing and otherwise. Velluti's voice is a
very clear and sparkling soprano, possessing neither the
usual attributes that distinguish male or female singers.
without the solid tone cf the one or the liquid lapse that
characterises the other; but with something of an inter-
mediate, and, we confess, to our simple ears, not very
pleasing character. His tones more closely resemble those
of a boy than any thing else, with of course consideraWe
more volume and power. The contrast between the
puerile expression of the organ and the matured skill and
musical science displayed by the singer is exceedingly
striking and startling in its cff'ect. If the auditor were
to close his eyes he might fancy it was a youth of some
nine or ten years old he was listening to—so thin and body-
less is the voice, did not the elaborate art displayed in the
execution convince hint of the contrary. We have ex-
pressed ourselves dissatisfied at this violent and unnatural
contrast, and the personal appearance of the singer dotes
not tend to reconcile us to it. He is tall without
gracefulness —his features are languid without pos>.
sessing delicacy of expression—and his whole frame
singularly deficient in muscular power. At his first
appearance in the eighth scene of the first act there was
loud and long-continued applause, mingled with some
demonstrations of a contrary character; but they were sut-
•elued, and few in number. The business of the scene.
which was principally engrossed by the chorus and ballet,
did not afford Velluti any great scope for his exertiou ; and
his manner of giving Popol dEgitto was not particularly
striking, except for the contrast afforded between hie tones
and the baritone of Remorini, which immediately followed,
and produced an almost electrical effect. Non sal quale in
canto, in the next scene but one, was better ; and the duet
with Adriano (C urioni )in the came scene, 11 brand° insitto"
was really excellent in its way, and called clown loud and
well-merited applause. Ma-il deuce—tar sncro onor was
delightfully given by Velluti, Madame Caradori, and Sig-
nora Garcia, and was encored. but, notwithstanding the
performers came on a second time in obedience to
the call of the greater part of the audience, it was
not repeated, in consequence of there being some
dissentients. 'line qua. tetto in the second act, U name
ckencete,iessts well given by Armand, Palmide, Adriur.o,
and Felicia, as was the sestetto, ele quest° e ultima ; but,
if we were to select one passage for particular and unmixed
approbation, it should be Velluti's delivery of Disarmi it
few stlegno," in the last scene, which was the very triumph
of mtvi•cal skill.
The remaining performers exerted themselves with great
effect, particularly Signora Garcia, who was rapturously
enerred in the aria Giovinetto Cavalier; and Madame Ca-
eadori, who executed the music allotted to Palmide with
great ability, particularly the passage, con quad giqja lc

The Bill for amending the Combination lams passed
the House of Commons last night, and was carried up to
the House of Lords, where it is ordered to be read a second
time this evening. A great deal of factious opposition has
been made to this Bill, amp which none more important to
the best interests of our manufactures has ever received the
approbation of Parliament. It is unquestionable, that at •
this moment large masses of the workmen are under the
guidance and direction of persons who, Ly the machinery of
delegation, continue to exercise an influence equally mis-
chievous and extensive. Those who arc practically con-
versant with the state of our trade, know the dangerous
consequences that have resulted from the absurd and
insolent extremes to which combinations have been carried.
Mr. Ewer: stated last night that the silk 11/aTitCl'il:re—
one of the most thriving in the country—was in imminent
risk of destruction through evils of this chareeter. We
have heard that in like manner several of the established
branches of our manufactures • have been exposed to consi-
derable loss and danger. No one pretends to justify or
excuse the practices in which the workmen have indulged
since the repeal of the Combination Laws. No one at-
tempts to deny the injurious effects that must result, both
to masters and workmen, from these practices. The single
question then that remains, is, how they shall be sup-
pressed, without intcrfcring with that perfect freedom
which the artisan should enjoy in disposing of his
labour. The object of the Bill now before Parlia-
ment is chiefly to prevent the use of " violence to
the person, or property, or threats, or intimidation,"
towards those who may not choose to comply with,
or insist upon, the terms which may be required by
some of the workmen. Surely there can be no doubt of .
the propriety of tdis measure. Yet the Bill, of which it is
thee rsential part, has been resisted by Mr. Heats and Sir F.
BCRDETT, as if the constitutional rights of Englishmen
• were about to he at once and fur ever abolished. With
regard to Mr. [fume's opposition to the Bill, it may
be worth mentioning, in order to disabuse the work-
men of their reliance on this sturly champion, that every
clause of the Bill is iu accordance with •Itis recorded
opinions at a former period, and that since the in-
troduction of the present Bill into Parliament, Le fully
and distinctly gave his assent to its principle. The
intemperate language in which he subsequently con-
ducted his perverse opposition deserves the reprobation
of every sound and rational friend of the pubic wennc
and tranquillity ; and we are convinced tl:at th
very men whose bad passions lie endeavoured to inflame,
will, when the present excitement has passed away,
and the evil practices in question are suppressed, be
the first to cond,ten the tone and spirit in which their
supposed interests were defended. They will have under
this Bill all that tLcy should possess: the unlimited right
of consulting and agreeing together as to the rate of wages
they will accept, and the hours of work they will be em-
ployed. All that is forbidden is the use of threats and
violence, to compel the dissentient minority of their fellows
to labour on the 62111 e terms that the majority may think
fit to demand.

catenc. . _
We have already said something of the corrpowr, " Signer
Maestro Giacomo Nleyerbeer," who is a Jew, and a man of
fortune. It is but seldom that those who compose for their
own amusement, will for the amusement of others. Ama-
teur authors, whether of mirth or music, are gen:rally
vast annoyance, and realize the saying of the Poet—
" Your easy writing 'a hard reading."
But our musical friend Meyerbcer, though an amateur,
and a rich man to boot, does not entirely hear out the
proverb in his own persm ; for although his music pos-
sesses little of a sustained and elevated eharaetet, and
moreover has the limit of reminding us now and then of
Rossini, yet arc there many very pleasing and felicitous
movements scattered throughout, not indeed with a very
lavish hand. We particularly refer to the passages be-
ginning " Legni ridenti," in the first, and " Con 'sal
qiqin,' in the second act, as favourable specimens of this
composer's style; and to the chorus of Emirs, " Nei si-
knzio," as recalling to our recollection Rossini.
The dresses and scenery are splendid and characteristic.
We now take leave of Signor Velluti—nec rir, rue
metier, nec androgyne: and, deprecating all unnecessary
and indecent attacks upon him, inasmuch as the weight el
them falls not upon odious practices, now happily disused,
but upon their victim: we ray to the assairants, in the
words of Rabelais on another occasion—"Nesont ilzassez
meshaignez's les pauvres dyables? Ne sent ils asses es-
fmnez, et perfnmez de miscre et calamiti, les pturris
haires ?"
" Arc they not wretched enough as it is, poor devils?—
Are they not, poor reptiles, smoked and soaked through nil
through with misery and calamity already ?"

CITY, T -111.TRSIDAT EYESINCI.

This being settling-day in the Foreign Market, the English
Funds were in a great degree deserted. Consols for the opening
were quoted at 918 88, and the Reduced Annuities 20 8 8.
The business in the Foreign Market was principally confined to
the settlement cf balances. Spanish Bonds were rather under yes.
tetday's prices, the old ones being done at 211 2, and those of 1023
at 168 17. South American Securities were held with great firm-
ness. Colombian Bonds were 88f, and Mexican Scrip 2i discount.
Another depression has taken place in Greek Scrip ; to-day it was
quoted at 12 discount—the Bonds were 478. Brazilian Scrip was
discount, end the Danish 3.1 3 discount.
There was but very litttle variation in the Sham Market this
morning. Anglo-Mexican Shares were 05 90, and those of the
United Mexican Company 27 9. Rock Salt Shares were from 5 to I.
The settling-day has passed off very smoothly, and the differ.
encea were not large, excepting in Spanish •Bonds•and Rock Salt
Shares. The former have fluctuated between 214 and 23i, and the
latter between 2i and 51. These securities consequently have
caused very large balances to, be paid and received.
Money was exceedingly scarce in the early part of the morning
but it afterwards was much easier. Indeed, It must now be getting
more plentiful every day, front the number of foreign dividends
that are becoming due. Rothschild's house alone will pay the
dividend
On the New Prussian Loan - Ist July.
On the Neapolitan ditto . . Ist Aug.
On the Russian ditto . - Ist Sept.
On the Old Prussian ditto Ist Oct.
On the Brazilian ditto . • - Ist Oct.
On the Austrian ditto - let Nor.
And on the New French Rentea -22 d Dec.

The King had a select party at dinner yesterday.
The Duke of York, the Duke Cambridge, and the
Princess Sophia visited his Majesty yesterday.
On Wednesday the Duke of Cambridge honoured the
Marquis Camden with his company at dinner, at his resi-
dence in Arlington-street, where there was a select party to
meet his Royal Highness.
The Duke of Cambridge honoured the ball at Willis's
Rooms on Wednesday evening with his presence.
The Duchess ofCambridge, attended by Miss Ahlefeldt,
honoured Covent-garden theatre with her presence on
IVednesday evening.
Yesterday the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge had a
select party at dinner.
Yesterday morning the Duchess of Cambridge, accom-
panied by Prince George and Princess Augusta of Cam-
Lridge, honoured Sir Thomas Lawrence with a visit, at
his residence in Russell-square, for the purpose of the in-
fant Prince and Princess taking a first sitting to Sir Tho-
mas for their portraits. Time sitting occupied about two
hours.
The Cabinet Ministers dined with the Earl of Har-
rowby on lifednesday, at his resident!: in Grosvenor-
square.

These payment., unaided by other circumstances that will pro-
bably arise, must have a strong tendency to bring money freely into
the market.
'Sliminess was very clamed in Mincing-lane. Coffee, Sugar,
and Hum were in fair dwnand at full prices.
Accounts from Gibraltar state that-General the Earl of
Chatham, the Governor of that fortress, embanked, on
the 7th ultimo, on board the Tribune frigate, for England.
Papers and letters from Quebec, to the 2tth May,
were received yesterday. A public meeting of the inhabit-
ants bad been called, for the nurpose of discussing the
Ilan of - new canal to connect the lakes of Ontario and
proceed through a whole chain of minor
Grr.:ette continues to give long details of the
he Emperor, and the Princes of Itiy family,
Italian dominions, and of the visit of their Ma-
public institutions at Milan.

1
. 1.
t

•
NEAPOLITAN LOAN of 2,500,0001., nezotiatod by England
Mr. 11. N. ROTHSCHILD, of Leedom
-ens part:
The Half-yearly Dividend of this Loan, faning od.IiON-
DA DAY, the Ist of August next, will be paid on that and evbry sue- the Sect
ceeding day, between the blurs of Tat and Two, at Mr. M. N. n_:tish I
Rothschild'. Counting house, New-court, St. Swithin's.lane. It n'"
is requested that the Warrants. with Lists thereof, In numerical tiling li
order, may be left one day, for the purpose of being examined. fusion.
ildritioh
•

reritAct OT A TIROM LA oriintA, DATrb DAT 5.
" Frites of Produce at Caracas, on the sth of )lay, IIEII.
Colfee 12 dollars per Spanish quintal of 100 lbs.
Cotton II Ditto . ditto . ditto.
Ilkley 10 Ditto - ditto . Jiro.
Cocoa 27 j I)itto per fan. of 110 lbs.
Indigo Stf rs. per lb.
" Praluee very scarce, and buyers numerous. A parcel of 210
4juin Isis of Collet was sold some days ago at Porto Cabello at
It dollar•.
Indigo is entirely wanting, and the price consequently nominal.
The Twins have been an :optima daring the whole of last month,
that thettuting of Indigo will commence this month ; and as the
crop will be abundant, prices will very quickly fall hack again. As
for Coh"..e, although several parcels have yet to come forward, such
is the demand, that we expect prices will maintain.
`• Our dry goods market continues without alters
say, neither active nor fiat.
'• Exchange 51 current dollars per pound styling.
" Prods.ce being very scarce and very high, makes the deinand
tar bills on England great at this moment."

is to

-"144*--4RBO-4eitN
• , „

er•
;11:iilw' • 6101 \'ll-1; -Aft
- 7

.* •

SOUTII AMERICA.
" A Historical and Descriptive Narrative of Twenty Years' Heal.
deuce in South America, in 3 Vols. t containing Travels in
Arauco. Chile, Peru, and Colombia ; with an Account of she
Revolution, its Rise, progress, and Results. By W. B.
Stevenson, formerly Private Secretary to the President and Cap-
tain-Gene;al of Quito, Colonel, and Governor of Estneruldwa,
Captain de Fragile, and late Secretary to the Vice-Admiral of
Chile,
his Excelteucy the Right Hon. Lord Cochrane, efaa.
Mr. Stevenson, to whom the public are indebted for these,
valuable volumes, prepares his readers in the preface to
Judge how far he is qualified to meet the prevailing de-
mand for information respecting the new world, while he
at• the same time enables us to appreciate the extent and
emthentieity of the resources from which it is derived, and
the confidence with which it may be received and acted
upon :
The interest (says he) which the late successful Revolution in
Spanish America hue awakened in Europe, renders any genuine
account of the new world so highly acceptable to the British na-
don, that it has become an elmost imneritire duty in those who
may posses* original marten to communicate it to the public ; for it
may be said, without the least exaggeration. that although the
countries thus emancipated were discovered in the sixteenth century,
they have remained almost unknown till the beginning of the
nineteenth.
" Fully convinced of these facts, and being urged by my friend%
when I was on the eve of again crossing the Atlantic, to publish
my collection of notes and memoranda—the gleanings of a enemy
years' residence—in order to contribute my quota to the small
stock of authentic matter already laid before an anxious public, I
bare been induced to postpone my voyage, and to embody my
observations in the manner in which they now appear.
" It is undoubtedly of great importance to become acquainted
with the features of a country which has undergone any re-
markable change in its political, religious, or literary career, before'
that change took place; and it is equally important to know the
cause of, and the means by which the change was edictal. I ban
therefore given a succinct history of the state of the colonies before
their fortunate struggle began to germinate, br detaining their
political and.ecclesiaatical institutions; the character, genius,' and
education of the different chime* of inhabitants; their peculiar
customs and habits : their historical remains and antiquities ; and
lastly, the produce and manufactures of the country.
" My opportunities for obtaining materials fur the formaeion or
this work were such as few ilKiitidualt even among the natives ar
,Spaniards could possess, and such as no foreigner could possibly
enjoy at the period of my residence.
Dr. Robertson's celebrated history renders any account of the
discovery and conquest of America unnecessary ; but as the
Spanish authors from whom his work was collected always kept in
view the necessity of lulling the anxiety of general curiosity whit
respect to the subsequent state of the countries under the Spanish
crown, that work cannot be supposed to be better than the ma.
tennis from which it is formed would allow; to which I may add,
that the different books published by the philosophic iltunhotdt
are tee scientific, and enter into too few details, to become lit fat
peers! perusal.
•• I am induced to believe, that my descriptions of tribunals, cora
paste bestirs, the law., and administration, the taxes and duties
will not be considered unimportant, because the newly-founded
governments will follow in great measure the establishments of
Ibpain, modified by a few alterations, perhaps more nominal than
Aid. Indeed the present authorities have already determined, that
far as the 'Spanish codes du not interfere with the independence,
of the country, they are to be considered as the fundamental laws
of the different tribunals.
" The plates are from original drawings taken by Don Joao
Camillo, a native of Quito, now in England."
The important effects of the Emancipation of Spanish
America are b:coming every day more visible. Great
Britain is, of all nations, the most deeply interested in all
movements, whether enintnercial or political. A period is
rapidly approaching which will change the face of Europe.
The general diffusion of knowledge has given a new sur-
face to society, and its rapid ailvanument is gradually pro-
' ducing an influence greater or less on all existing institu-
tions. The New iVorld has profited by it is a inauner,
ant, to an extent,that the most sanguine well-wishers to the
cause of moral freedom had scarcely ventured to hope.
Events that but a few years since were the most improbable,
and to all appearance the most remote, have been brought
about, and have even taken their place among the regular
and recognized order of things. The benevolent scheme
of Providence to mark ous the welfare of the human race
h silently going on, and the prospect of the future
brightens in every day's contemplation of the past.
Not only the political but the philosophical reader will
Intl an abundance of novel and interesting intelli-
gence, as to ell that respects the condition of society in
the South American States. But as this extensive Em-
pire lays open such an unbounded field for mercantile
speculation, we shall prefer to make our extracts from that
part of the work with which the commercial classes are
more immediately concerned, and we therefore quote the
following as being of peculiar interest:—
" Owing to the diversity of the climates in the ;gee-royalty of
Peru, all kinds of European manufactured van find a ready
sale: ltfrose from England are mostly preferred to any other; in.
deed many can only be procured from that country; and the sup-
plying of those by Great Britain to a nopulation of a million and
a half of people, must be considered as means of extending her
commerce, and the decided preference given to them must be highly
flattering as well as beneficial to the British nation.
" On enterina a house in Lima, or in any other part of Peru
that I visited, anlitioat every object retninded me of England; the
windows were gland with English Riau—the brass furniture and
ornaments on the commodes, tables, chairs &e. were English—the
chints or dimity hangings, the linen and cotton dresses of the
females, and the cloth coats, cloaks, &c. of the melt, were all
Enalish:—llle tables were covered either with plate or English
earthenware, anti English glass, knives, forks, &c. ; and even the
kitchen utensils, if of iron, were English ; in fine, with very few
exceptions, all was either of English or South Ainericaa manu-
facture. Cnanie cottons, nankeens, and a few oilier articles, were
supplied by the Philippine company. Spain sent some iron,
broad cloth, Barcelona prints, linen, writing paper. silks, and
ordinary earthenware. From the Italians they bad silks and
velvets ; from the French, linens, lace, silks, and brow! cloth ;
from Germany, linens (platillas), common cutlery, and glass ;
every thing else was either English or of home manufacture.
I do not hesitate to assert, that goods of a superior quality
al ways meet with early purchasers, because those who can afford to
buy foreign goods always inquire for the best ; and the more
modern anti fashionable the goods are, the better and the quicker is
the sale. Thick broad cloths, in imitation of the Spanish San
Fernando cloth, are best for the interior; and thin tine cloth, in
imitation of the French sedan cloth, is most suitable for Lima.
The Mancihater broad flannels, either twilled or plain, with a long
dark and light blue, crimson and pink, bright green, pale
yellow, brown, white, and any shades or half colonit, are very aale-
rale commodities, either on the coast or in the interior. Kersey.
names, cords, and velveteens; Irish linens and common lawns cut
into pieces of eight yards each, it, imitation of the French bre-
, owes and es topillas ; coarse linen in pieces of about thirty yards.
imttatirg the Garman platillas ; and flne Scotch eambrics, as well
as table linen. sheeting, &c., meet a great demand. All kinds of
cotton goods, particularly stockings, muslins, and fashionable
j prints of delicate colours ; also dark blue prints with small white
sprigs. &c. which are used for mourning by every class, are in
common use among the poor; besides dimities, jeans, and white
quilts (Marseilles), which are all very saleable articles. Silks,
damask (crimson), ribbon., particularly narrow, and good velvets
(black), arc in great demand. Glass and earthenware, all kinds of
hardware and cutlery (few forks), mechanics' tools, large hammers
and wedges for the miners, spades, shovels, pickaxes, &e. ;
yuick-
silver, in the mining districts, also iron and steel, are saleable
articfes. Trinkets are not in much estimation, because the in-
I habitants seldom wear any that are not of gold and precious gems.
Hats are well made in Litre, and the materials are of the best
quality. Shoes and boots are another manufacture in which the
natives excel, and their materials are tolerably good. The cor-
dovans from Lanibayemie are excellent. Drugs are extremely dear,
for even those produced in different parts of the Spanish colonies
are generally first sent to Europe, and thence back again, except,
in Lima, the chinchona bark, sarsaparilla, copaiva balsam, gums-
cunt. and some others, the produce of Peru.
" I shall have occasion to mention, at different places, the
utility that wohld result from the introduction of machinery, not
only as it was evinced at the date of my narrative, but as rendered
more apparent by the subsequent political changes of the country.
" In Lima, an intelligent Spaniard, Don Matins de la Beta,
established looms and other machinery for weaving cotton sail-
cloth, and some coarse artic'ec of the same material. At his death
the manufactory was abandoned ; btu there is no doubt that the
plan would have answered well bad the projector lived. At pre-
sent (IBM a pottery or manufactory of common earthenware
would be a very lucrative establishment ; a. elan, a work for ordi-
nary ginsa ware; because the materials for both way be had con-
veniently, and of good qualities; the consumption of both is very
great, and their prices comparatively high. Indeed, if the intro.
duction of either will pay the freight and other indispensahle
charges, it is evident thut a speculation of this kind could not fail.
All the earthenware for ordinary purposes is manufactured here;
hut it is heavy, and very cholla), ; however, as it is, large quan-
tities are sent to different parts of the country.
" Good steady mechanics carpenters, cabinet makers, mill-
wright*, blacksmiths, whiteamiths, silversmiths, watchmakers or
repairers, shoemakers, and tailors, would meet with constant work
and good wages; but it would be advisable for each artificer to
take a supply of tools with him. I mention this on account of
the changes that have occurred in the governments ; because during
tho colonial system, a foreigner was liable to be ordered to leave
the country at a very short notice ; but, notwithstanding that risk,
several were established in Lima in 1808 and the succeeding years,
and were never interrupted.
" The subjoined is an account of the mica of some articles,
which will convey an idea of the profits derived by die merchants,
principally old Spaniards, before the revolutions in America af-
fected this market.

•
velveteens ^ to 4. Blue and ohlte earthenware plates, per I=l4l
from 12 to 1 dollate--Common German half-pint glasses from 11,
to 12—Coinmon Lnives with bone kindles (torn 10 tO 12—Common
knives with wood handles from a to S.
" Much hat been said by every writer on South Amerlen respect.
ing the Spanish colonial restrictlon& They certainly were, like au
others, most severe, until experience proved to the Government al
the parent state, that it was not the welfare of the individuals or
of particular companies or corporations employed in commerce,
that could enrich tl:e Govern:l:tent. The Conde de Arend's.% When
Prime Minister in Spain, was well apprised of this truth, and
what was really sound policy in him was called lileezality. flow.
ever, as Peru was at so greet a distance. frent Europe, she never
was so much oppressed as these colonies nn the oppcsite side of the
New World.
The returns from this market have been gold, silver, and vin ;
bark, cocoa, cotton, ectina s‘oalodierp wool, and some drugs."
TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRITISH PRESS..

n,--Inclfilge me with a place in your veer candid Journal for a
few remarks upon the rrport made Ity the Tietes newspaper of the
24th instant. of what passed on the preceding evening in the debate
upon Mr. Buxton's motion in the House of Commons. •
Ido rot, of course, assume that what is there reported was said
in the House of Commons ; my observations apply to what I read
in the newspaper.
It semis, that in October 1833, one or more numerous and
riotous wnemblages of white persons took place in Barbadoes
(mobs, in short), who proceeded to acts of most unjustifiable vio-
lence, originating, npparently; in a spirit of opposition to the mipis.
try of certain missionaries then resitient in the island, and portico.
laxly directed against a Mr. Shrewsbury, one of those miseidnaries
whose chapel the mob. in 's. furious manner, destroyed, committing,
also, other ..iolations of the Its.
?.Jr. Buxton brought the facts and cirnmstanees under the con.
sideration (tithe !louse of Commons, and that House, by its yew-
lution, marked its indignant genie of proceedings so disorderly and
disgraceful.
As to the subject immediately tinder the consideration of the
House of Commons, the report of the debate does not show that
there was any nlatetial difforence of opinion. Mr. Buxton, indeed,
is represented as endeavouring (more sun) to connect this incidental
act of a furious mob in Bat-bedews with what happened to Mr.
Smith in Demerara. and, indeed,' with an alleged general indis.
position of the inhahitanu of the eetbnies towards the means of af.
I finding to the negotes religious Instruction • but this part of his
t argument is ran salt! *whet estrinaselerwl or deep unprewsion.
Instances were, I not' des flitted, wherein weeny of the
colonies have shown a Woes disposition to afford the utmost
possible facilities to the labours'of missionaries of various deserip.
lions, when those labours have been directed simply and purely to
the means of religious instructicin and have not been connected
with doctrines which, whether abahactergy true or false, are incon.
sistent with the. peace and wcffare of the community in our
colonies.

I have personally an intimate cannex ion With, and knowledge of,'
Jamaica, which in extent and population forms newly a moiety of
our insular possessions in the ll'est Indies, and I can assert fear.
lessly challenging contradiction, that, for many years past, the
Moravians and AVestleyan Methodists have there pursued their
Missionary labours, generally without obstruction, and often with
marked encouragement ; and coacerning the Westleyan& or which
body Mr. Shrewsbury was a member, I shall presently have a few
words to say.
I have nothing, to offer in defencehf the Barbidoes mob. (indeed,
what friend of truth and or:1-r does aot dread the tumultuous motion
of a multitude, misled by error and inflamed by passion, be they
of what chisi they may ?) Hat. judging !lawn what has passed else-
wl ere in the colonies, I more titan eonjatrure, that the inhabitants
of Itarbadoes who committed 'Stole' attrocities were under a
persuasion that air. Shrewsbury, and the other Missionaries with
whom he was connected, artittl under the Immediate directioa of a
poweriailaatocia ion in Great Britain. who, with is iirofetised Seal for
the welfare of the black. in the colonies, have declared declded war
against the interests and the characters of his Majesty's white sub-
jects, who, under the sanction of the British laws, have embarked
capital and hold prepeity in those settlements.
I have no means of knowing whether Mr. Shrewsbury acted at
any time under rich influence, and let me not be understood to in.
'innate, that, even if lie did an, the violence which maned was
justifiable; but it is only under such a supposition, that I can sc.
count for the contrast betwitt the disposition shotin in this instance
to Mr. Shrewsbury, and that displayed on marl occasions by the
colonists towards We,tleyan and other lillissionaries.
Is it net notorious that, combined with persons of rank and talent
in this country who have associated themselves for the declared pur-
pose of mitigating and gradually terminating the state of slavery
to the West Indies, there arc Nit a few individuals who, actuated by
motives less pure and liberal, are seeking their own emolument by
the overthrow of the old Colonies ? Speculators in Eutern or in
African commerce, they use their effort/ to ruin the West Indians,
both black and white. by diacouraging,and annihilating if possible,
the consumption of their produce ; and do not scruple, in publica-
tions in d ustriou sly circulated, to give it forth as Certain, that the sugar
which is imported int, this country from the East, Whether it may
have been made in our Indian dependencies, or in Siam, Java, China,
and God knows where. is all produced by free labour, or by that of a
description of beings infinitely superior in worldly comforts to the
negroes in the West Indies*. In their more laboured productions
they apply unreservedly and generally k the Colonists abuse and
contumely of the most coarse and orendve description ; and In what
they call their " Catechism," tell their young pupils that the case
of Huggins is to be understood as represterning the average of negro
treatsnent, and any well.authenticated *stances of a contrary de-
scription as exceptions. Is it not. I sae, notorious that a warfare
thus extr nesse ..la naiad on eipsinat the Colonists, and
apparently dictated by one spirit and tripported by one purse ?
Now, if I were resident in the Colonies, and should discover that
any of the Missionaries sent out thither were intimately connected
with the bad), I have just described, I certainly would not use
violence either to their persons( or their dispels, but I would afford
them no encouragement : I would cache, to the best of my abilities,
a most watchful and jealous control over all their dealings with
the black and coloured population.
And here I cannot avoid noticing, that in September last certain
Westleyan missionaries in Jamaica, apparently with a view of
showing to the colonists tint the instruction they practised, and the
doctrines they taught, were confined to topics which could not ex-
cite in the minds of the slaves a disposition to discontent and re-
volt, met together, and passed certain Resolutions, which they
subsequently published, expressing their grateful sense of the faci-
lities which they had met with among the colonists for the good
purposes of their mission ; and they moreover went the le:' th of
declaring, that, in their opinion, the state of slavery was not incon.
sistent with the Christian doctrine. Far be it from me to embark
upon a question of such a nature t but yet I know that, for thill
their opinion, they may cite most respectable authority : nor can 1
think it was a matter of indifference to the best purposes of their
mission that they should teach that neither the master possessing
slaves, nor the slaves obeying a master, were, by those circum-
stances, in the smallest degree disqualified for enjoying all the ad.
vantages and blessings of the gospel of Christ.
Such. however, was not the judgment of the parent body
whom these missionaries were sent out. On the receipt of the proceed.
infra in Jamaica, a Meeting was convened in llatton.garden, and by
their Resolutions, they passed a severe censure upon the sentiments
expressed by their servants in Jamaica; and indeed their publics.
tion (decidedly prolsouncing upon a point on which the most
spectable authorities have differed) adopts so much of the spirit
the party acting adversely towards the colonists, that it is very dif.
&tilt to make a distinction between them.

These contradictory proceedings of-the body sending, and the
individuals selected and seat, appeared :o me worthy of notice, and
I wrote to a. most respectable individual in Jamaica (were I at
liberty to mention his name and the office be fills. I should insure
confidence in his authority), begging of him, with the utmost can-
dour, and after diligent investigation into the facts, to inform me
whether there was any reasonable ause for suspecting that those
individual missionaries, whose proceedings had incurred the ten.
sure of the general body at home, had been influenced in what they
did either by cajolery or fear—by any motive, in short, that was
not strictly comprised within their conscientious sense of duty. Ills
answer I will give in his own words:—
" I had observed the disavowal by the Westleyan body on the
sentiments expressed by their missionaries here; their proceedings
were, lam satisfied, the result of their own feelings. They were
quite uncalled for, and without the least inducement or any in-
fluence being used to bring them forward. It was altogether a
matter of their own. /slo reliance can possibly be placed on those
persons who may he sant out In the room of the recalled."
Without knowing whether these persons be Indeed recalled, and
others sent out in their place, I wish to ask attention to the con-
cluding sentence of my friend's answer; for it appears to me to be!
,a sentiment which must naturally:m:Be In the minds of the colonists.
" The offending inissionarbgs," they will say, "had the con&
Bence of the genaral body ; they were chosen, commissioned, and
instructed by them, and doubtless selected with duo care as being!
well qualified for their undertaking. They conic out and reside!
amongst us, and, by their own voluntary act, they adopt and pub-
lish certain proceedings which, while they afford a testimonial of
the liberal spirit of this colony, have a tendency to preserve a tran-
quil and contented spirit among the negroes. But this proceeding'
of their servants is not only disavowed but censured by the general
body, because it does not accord with doctrines--not by any means
universally 'minted to—but which that body now professes :o enter-
tain, and which is some instances are alined to be the tenets of
those who are most active in opposition to our characters and our
interests. We wait to see it these persons arc to be recalled, and
miters sent out in their place; but these last, if they come, we must'
conclude, will have been carefully chosen as of quite a different
spirit to that of those they succeed, and they will arrive among us'
instructed to conduct themselves on quite other principles. Of
course we must receive them with jealousy, and withhold from them
the confidence which their predecessors have enjoyed."
It is thus that I interpret my friend's concluding sentence, and it
is upon these grounds that I feel convinced that the liWestleyan body
are in danger of forfeiting that confidence which their missionaries
had lately obtained in Jamaica; and, should that happen, are the
colonists to bear the blame ?

1 hare yet to encounter Jlr. Brougham, but allow me to do It in
another letter.

00,Ntael. .

0„ •••fts :, ir-

~_ ~.
