RAMSGA7 E, Ara. 30.

It is tupposcil our town was never fuller of company
since it has been a place of public resort, than it is at this
time. Vont May, and this day. have been intensely and
oppressively hot ; so much so, that the City of London
packet, which left us this morning at the early hour of half-
mast seven O'Clilek, with about 150 passengers for London,
'u.! theawning up, which is very unusual at meeting.
The public attention en Saturday, yesterday. arid this
day, has been principally drawn to religious and benevolent
purposes. , I
on Saturday, the Archbishop of ('antrrbury eonseciateu
I• -0 of ground attached to St. Lawrence's Church, as a
burying-ground. Yesterday, there were no less than five
charity scrrnoi,a preached in this and the neighbouring
towns, via. one at the Chapel of Ease to St. Lawrence, by
the Rev. Mr. Harvey. the Vicar ; anti at the Independent
chapel called Ebenezer Chapel, by the Rev. Mr. Towrce
who has been Minister of that chapel 39 years • one at St. I
Peters at Margate; and, lastly, at Minster. They were all ,
far the benefit of the Royal Sea-Bathing Infirmary, pa-
trembled by the King. The plates at the Chapel of Ease in
this town, were held by the Countess of Nl:msfieltl, Miss
Manatee Sutton, and several other lathes of distinction.
The parish church of this populous and increasing town
ig • considerable distance on the Canterbury road ; and
!Militia being inconveniently situated, was not large enough
to accommodate those who resorted to it in the summer
season; and, in ronsequence, an application was made to
Government for aid to build another church, which has
been granted, the inhabitants having subscribed 2,0001.,
ard agreed to borrow 4,00(11. more on the parish security. I
A proper site having been obtained, great exertions were
made for having the first stone of the new church laid
during the time the Archbishop of Canterbury (the Bishop
of the diocese) continues to honour us with a visit ; and
this teeing the day fixed upon for the purpose, preparations
were accordingly made foe the ceremony.
From an early hour in the morning, strangers were !
fucking into the town from Margate, Cantahury, and the I
surrounding towns and villages, in a great variety of '
rehicles, to see the ceremony, and at certain times of the'
thy, High-street was so full, that, as it was commonly ob-
served, the people's heads might be walked on.
The town itself displayed a very gay scene, and the pro-
cession was formed a little before eleven o'clock, in the
square of Albion-place, and arrived on the ground a few
minutes before twelve o'clock, and entered the inelosure
with a band playing the 100th Psalm. Every thing was
arranged with the greatest °rev, an uninterrupted view
was preserved, and every respectful attention paid to her
Boyal Highness the I)ucliens of Kent, who was aecomoan'ed
Icy die Princess Feollor, attended by the Baroness de
Spaedth, Capt. Conway, &e.
'l'hc ceremony commenced with the Rev. Mr. Harvey
offering a prayer, &e. 'l'he Archbishop of Canterbury
Tien descended to lay the stone, which was let down with
a tackle prepared for the purpose. The ceremony bring
concluded, the Archbishop of Canterbury returned to the
front of the Duchess of Kent's seat, where his Grace offered
prayer to the Almighty, imploring a blessing en the pro-
ceedings of the day, and that the church akout to be erected
aught be a blessing not only to the present generation, hut
also to ages to come. 'l'he procession then left the ground
in the tame order as it entered it. the band playing God
acre the King.

Seen aftei, the Earl of Liverpool left for Walnrer Castle.

THE QUARTERLY REI7EIr.

The 60th Number of the guarPrly Review has been
poldishyl some days, and we thick• we can hardly say more
in its praise, than that it is worthy to rank with the best of
its preflecesaors. There is One article in particular, on the
West India Colonies, which, from the temperate strain in
which it is written, and the facts which it brings forward
to the view of the pulite, we can with coutidenc., recom-
mend to our read, rs. One point which, in our opinion,
this paper es:Wising, is, that the pleadings on both sides
of the question are often quite irrelevant to the serious
groundsof the question itself, which really is, whether you
can substitute tree labour for slave labour, without doing
injustice and injury to the Flamer ; bemuse it is not enough
that you sem tit that the negro, by being placed in a state
of slavery, is unjostly treated, but in freeing him, do you
not treat his master with injustice, unless you give him a
compensation for his late? _ _

lii fact, it is not the plant but the British Government,
who have t staldished and supported slavery, until it has
become a part of our colonial system; and no new light
which the Government may have received, can justify it iii
d:priving its s•ibjecti of their property, without giving
them an equivalent for it. A large proportion of the
nobility and rote./ of England possess lands which
at one period belonged to the church ; and we are
told by the Opposition, that the lands of the church are
the property of the public. If they aro so, no length of
time can alienate it, and the Kings who gave away what
was the property of the State to their creatures and favour-
ite", did that which they had no right to don How would
these Nob!effwft and Gentlemen now look, staunch Whigs
sa they ma}• be, if they saw the lands of the Wilford
family, for anstanc:., which were grant• d by Henry VIII.
to the ancestor of that illustrious. and highly-gintal `louse,
is reward for his talents (as a buffhon), reclaimed by Par-
liament, and sold t' relieve the public debt? The plain
fact is, that what is a man's property by ling prescription,
must be held to be his property in pet ptuity, else the
people of the rnittsi States of America must yield up their
Ines to the (biers of Indian tribes. with unpronounceable
name', from whose ancestors they were taken by force or
fraud ; and the good people of Great Britain (at least nine-
s nths of th wi) must set ow in a body to the banks of the
Danube, by the same route that Hengist and Borba
irought over their Saxon hordes, and leave the country to
th- Taffies of WAR, and the unbreechesl and d.•atibar-
!'amus tlf airing of the Highlands, to whom of . (if
we are to take original right fur our rule) it most unques-
tionably belongs.

Pees ;IA X Loth, negoelyed by Mr. N. M. Rothschild,
in Loudon, in I:4lB.—The half-yearly dividend in the,
shave loan, which becomes due on Friday, the Ist of
October next, will be paid by Mr. N. M. Rothschild on
°IE.!" every preceding day (Sundays excepted), between
"In of ten and two, at his counting-house, No, 2,
.'""t'art, St. Swithites-lane. The div:dend warrants,
LA a Pat thcreof, in numerical order, must be left one
day for examination.
The corps• of the late Mr. Abraham Mcuteflore arrived
"11 11"Thlay night at his house at Stamford Bill in a hearse
with fine herses. IVe understand that die funnel will
:4; I'l lc: this day about three o'clock. It will be at-
'T"ed.bY th? whole of the family, with a naincrous retinue
.-triages of friends and relatives.
Thursday, the monied men from London held a
with the Bankers at Paris on the new loan asked
in: when it was resolved to reject the overtures from
Anish Government, while the exchanges continued
burdrni with unacknowledged, and therefore worth-
Spanish loans.
ntence of contumacy, wh'eli had been pronounced
st the Dean of Christi hiuch, Dublin, was on Thurs-
,latt reseeded at the adjourned Visitation at St. Pat-
° Cathedral the Dean then making his appearance
tubmission.'
slam! Catalanra husband, formerly an Officer of
•.7. Was made a Chevalier at the last promotion.
Vi"dri'llA it appears, is engaged at the Edits-
tberre. at a salary of ten guineas per week. The
,ie.inent of this eiretnnstanee to the Scotch audience
thrived with thunders ot applause.
; 19Paharity of our native artiste is daily and de-
'7 .rnertining. At the present Norwich Exhilii-
ditch is the twentieth, there are no less than VIP
'ram that Vic ptiLl:c interest is about to be con-
Ihr establislimtut of a new Company in Landon
eting a ready supply of water in case of fire, as well
lint,""tie PurPo.i- ; and that books arc opened kr
loons at the banking-house of Messrs. Glynn and
!chin-lane; and Messrs. Deethain and Son, Free-
-Tom.

. .
WAR WIT!! THE ASRANTEEt
We have been favoured—ore...— with the following highly in-
-1 Wresting article relative to the war with the Ashanten, by
,Captain A. C. Laing, of the Royal African Colonial
Corps:—
The state of our colonial afraih on the Gold Coast has, from the.
recent occurrence of several melancholy and trigstal events, neves-
airily created an unusual de,;:ce of interest in this country; the
real value and importance of the teossessions have beembe a ques.
Lion of general debate; and opinion is divided as to the policy
and propriety of the occupation or total abandonment of settle-
, meets, which appear so destructive to European existence, and
t hold out so little prospect of future advantage. But as these topics
(at least if we are to be guided by the paragraphs put forth in Yeti-
. nus ephemeral publications), as well as the circumstances leading
Ito the unfortunate and unnatural war in which we are at present
engaged, appear to be very imperfectly understood, aridng, of
I (nurse, from the little information possessed respecting these pot-
sessions, which, until lately, were buried in comparative obieurity,
whose inductee, indeed, was usikitmen to many 0), the tollowing
concise account has been hastily drawn up, entirely *Atli a view of
furnishing a slight data upon which an estimate may be formed of
their worth, as alai of the conduct and transactiont of those con.
cerned in their immediate management :
Tile fortresses at present garrisoned in that quarter by the
British are four in number, aid extend from west to east in the
order they are here enumerated, viz. Dix Cove, Cape Coast Castle,
An 'amebae, and Aeera; of these Cape direst Castle is :he most
considerable, in point of appearance and strength VI), but the most
valuable in point of trade are Annainaboe and Accra; the latter
by far the most desirable of any of our possessions as a situation
for Hums, h ring in its rear a tine healthy open country, of several
miles in extent. Cape Coast Castle, as a place of trade, is of little
import ince to Great Britain, being fans k for nothing except the
insolence of its inhabitants, which, from the pliancy and dwaidsh '
power of the late African Company, was not untrequently per-
mitted to proceed to the most alarming extents; and it was to the
' agency of this insolence, which has but too often been exerted
with farness against the whites, and shown more than once towards
the subjects of the King of Ashantee, that the town is in lebted
for the suspension tit trade and intercourse with the interior, for a
period of more than three years. The situation is extremely un-
favourable for the luropeen constitution, as has been lately too
substantially proved by the great mortality which has prevailed
among the whites of all classes; and although this formidable evil
might. in the course of time, and with considerable expense, be
remedied, et the difficulties which oppose themselves in the dele-
terious quality of the water, and the scarcity of fresh provisions,
are sec msiderable, that as WOO as matters are settled, and friendly
relation, ente.ed into with the Ashantees, it may become • question
wirthy the attention of Government, whether this expensive and
useless fortification may not be abandoned: at the present moment,
however, while a large force is requisite for the defence of the
' coast, its occupation is a matter of absolute necessity, as the only
situation on the Cold Coast which, from the extent of its public
buildings, can afford a shelter to the troops. These brief observa-
tions rnspecting the relative value of the settlements are merely
given by way of prelude to some remarks which will be °Hived on
the subject of future occupation, as soon as the Milli which led
to the present war are explained.
In a well-written work which has lately appeared, the production
of Mr. Dupuis. late British Consul at Coutnassie, a considerable
degree of pains has been taken to throw the whole onus of the war
upon the shoulders of Mr. Smith, the late Company's Governor at
Cape Coast Castle, but whether the serious accusations with which
he is charged, are well-Sounded or not, it is not the intention of the
writer of this article to inquire; their refutation is left to those who
may be more hitt rested, and who, being present at the time of their
stated occurrenee, are better able to attempt it. Suffice it for hint,
in the mean time, to observe, that he is aware of the existence of
various, as yet unpublished, opinions on the subject, which, when
they do meet the light, as in all probability they shortly will, may
materially alter the present received opinion respecting the policy of
the 11113111UTCS pursued by that gentleman. To proceed, therefore,
to the outline of the immediate, and not the remote, causes of
the war, 'illicit latter are so mysteliously involved with party
feeling, that their truth cannot be easily ascertained, it appears
that in the year 11119, shortly after the return of Mr. Hutchinson
from Coomaude, a misuittieratanding, (followed by a demand of,
- -

1,601.1 ounces of gold. on the castle, nod a like sum on the town),
arose between the Authorities on the coast, and the King of
Ashantee, relative to an article in the treaty framed by 31r. Bow.
ditch in the year 1817 (3). This misunderstanding, which it was
expected the presence or Mr. Dupuis at Cotnntassie would entirely
remove, was renewed immediately on the return of that gentle- I
man, whose residence at the AsUnlace capital appears to have
been too short to have secured any permanent advantage, had
matters been even in a more settled state titan that in which he
round them ; and it is here to be sincerely regretter! that any dis.
agreement between the Company's (officers and 31r. Dupuis should
have induced hint to lay aside the advantages of reciprocal and
friendly intercourse, which it is evident, front his own account of
the favourable disposition or the Kung of .tshantce, he might have
teen enabled by a little etoreistency and perseverance to secure.
The misunderstanding which existed, together with the impru-
dent and insolent conduct or the people or Cape Coast, led to a
suspension of intercourse between its inhabitants and the Ashen-
tees, who appeared very undecided at to their future intentioos.
At this period (the beginning of 11121) an act combining at once
the greatest atrocity, and utmost contempt for the authorities of
Cape Coast Castle, was tom eel by a party of Fantees stationed
at a town new an abandoned Mitch tort, called 11Iaurte, In the
seizure of a native, who hail for many years lived under the pro-
tection of the castle, and in the 'subsequent inhuman murder, by
the severest torture, of the unfortunate men at the above mentioned
place. Alr. Smith on being apprised of this horrible act, indignant
at the contempt shewn to the British Hag, amt acting at once upon
the first impulse of his feelings (and who similarly situated could
have acted otherwise?) despatched an armed furee to Mource with
orders to secure the perpetrators of the murder, but the party in
the execution of (Ilk they being tired (4) upon by the Fantees, was
necessitated in self-defence to return the compliment, when an
action ensued which terminated in the defeat of the Fantees and the
death of Paytttre their Chief. About the close of the action, Prince
Adam). an .Ishantee Chief, who was encamped with a tbree in the
vicinity or Cape ('oust. waiting the onler of recall from his Sovereign,
made his appearance, and assumed a threateningattitude, insomuch
that the party from the castle, apprehensive that their return might
be endangered, sent to Cape Coast for assistance, which being'
promptly atfmled, (5) the .Ishantee Chief altered his menacing
intemions, and sent to acquaint the officer in command, that he had
merely conic to lend his assistance in settling the palaver. Although
this decisive act of Mr. Smith's has been severely censured by sonic,
and, although it has been affirmed positively to be the circum-
stance which icti to the sae, yet it must, in justice to that gentle-
man, be refuted, rue the King of Aohnutcc replied in answer to the
communication tussle to him on the subject by Mr. Smith, that he
entirely approved of the method which had been resorted to for the
punishment of the offence committed.

..........
After this esidanation with the King of Ashantee, his people
visited the settlements of Annamaboe and Accra, as usual lor the
Purposes of trade, and although Cape Coast was, from a kind of
Jealousy or suppressed hostility, shut out trout participating in any
mercantile advantage with the interior, yet there ass ITO demon.
titration of hostility on either side, nor was there, subsequent to the
Monter affair, till August, 11123, an Ashantee force within a hun.
dredntilss of the Coast:

Affairs were pretty nearly in this sitoation, when, In the month
of April, lif22, the late rite C. M•Cartlty took possession of the
forts in behalf of the Crown. Mains of course were far Inen
bearing a flattering spect, hut certainly they were by no means so
radically bad but that they alight have been placed in a favourable
and advantageous train, hail either Mr. South or Mr. Dupuis (to
the fernier of whom Sir Charles applied in person, to the latter by
letter) afliirtled hint that inform:anon which, sensible of his igno-
, ranee of the politics of the (told Coast, he in vain sought for. lle
had a right to expect, and was eager to obtain this, but which, fail-
ing in them, he was at length compelled to look for among the ex-
aggerated pages of the late Mr. llowilich I lf, therefore, after a
perusal of those works which so considerably us er.ratrd the power,
character, and coy equence of the Ashantees, he was induced to
adopt a contrary opinion, it cannot be looked upon as a matter of
wonder, for as there exists considerable difficulty to thole unac.
custometl to the process. in separating the pure from the baser
metal, so was it impossible for Sir Charles to form from such
mixed materials a just estimate of the people he was about to con-
tend with; he theretiire came to that conclusion which lie most de-
sired, and in which he was encouraged by sonic who might have
known better, viz. that the Ashantees were by no means so formi.
dable a race as represented, and that by a steady and lint, line of
conduct, with the means in his possession, he might c'•eck their
overgrown authority, and obtain fur itiatisslf sufficient inflaence on
, the coast to bring about those improvements among the surround-
, log tribes, in agriculture, commerce, and civilization, which he was
time anxious to promote and encourage. Ile nevertheless enter-
, trained a sufficient idea of the warlike spirit and determination of
the Ashantees when opposed to people of their own colour, to make
vigoreur preparations toe encountering them ; and but for the opi.
nion which he tinfortimarely entertained "that they would not dare
to encounter white men" (h), there can exist but little doubt that
his exertions would bare been ere now crowned with the success
which they so richly deserved. Itefore returning from this digres-
sion on the opinions of tiir Charles 31`Cartity regeraling the Ashan-
tees to the history of the war, it will just be necessary to observe,
that they were nut adopted—at all events not expressed—tilt the
actions of these p.ople at a subsequent period caused him to loch
upon them as enemies. It'llest he took possession of the forts, they
were regarded by hint in the saute light as the natives oldie rest of
Africa; and although he was equally as desirous of cultivating a
good understanding, and of promoting trade and intercourse with
them to the fullest extent, yet he committed a grand error in nut
sending to assure the King of Ashantee of his friendly and pacific
intentions : he, r.evertheless, to explained himself at all his pals.
Vert, at which many Ashantees were often present; he publicly,
and on every fit occasion, inculcated the blessings and happiness
arising from a state of peace and ncrer bethought himself of war
until absolutely compelled,a;td till far beyond the reach tat his power
to avert it.

Sir Charles Slllarthy, In proceeding to assume the command on
the Gold Coast, was merely attended by his personal staff, and thus
.hovel his desire of complying implicitly with the instructions from
Government, of offering employment to as many of the Company's
officers as were inclined to enter the service; but it might have been
for the interest of that unfortunate and ill-fated country, if an alter_
native had been allowed him, and that he had been empowered, if
requisite to be independent of these gentlemen, some of whom,
seeing that Sir Charles was under the uecesvity of employing them,
and that it was out of his power to carry on the duties without their
immediate assistance, showed a disinclination to enter the service;
while others absolutely refused, and lived long enough to repent of
their folly (7u Governor Smith refused the offer of Lieut.-Col.
and Sleuth's of the Council, with am much disdain as Dlr. Dupuis
did a similar totrer front dir. Smith; and many of his partisans felt
such a pride in followiug his example, that those who accepted of

(1) In February last, • note to a letter of Mr. Beleinra, pub.l
fibbed in the Morning Herald, acquaints us that Cape Coast Cas-
tle is a fortress on the Gold COY!.
(2) In resisting a native force only, Annamaline is a better sea
battery, and being a regular quadrangular fortification, could offer
more resistance to a regular force.
(3) The King of Ashanteo insisted that he undersmod from Mr.
Dowditch, that the penalty for any infraction of the treaty was to
be a fine of gold. and his assertion is believed by 3lr. Dupuis; but
the note (page 2110) by Mr. Hutton, breathes Dior: generosity, and
is well worthy of attention.
(4) That the enemy fired first is admitted by the publication in
Mr. Dupuis' work, of the letter of Mr. Collier, Captaiii of the
linen]. How, therefore, ran he say, " Thus it appears, from the
dearest evidence, that we were the first who appealed to arms ?"
In the situation Mr. S. wall placed with the Ashantees who hail
attempted to infringe upon the treaty made by dlr. Bowditch in
the demand for gold—in his uncertainty that satisfaction would be'
given to him for so glarieg an insult--he could not possibly have
acted otherwise ; no appeal 111 the Dutch Governer at Elinina was
neecsssry, for they had long before abandoned Alooree. anal claimed
no authority over the people, neither had the Dutch flag been
hoisted there for several years.
(ii) The military talent of Mr. Smith (if it erre was expected
that he Phonic' have any), cannot be consich•rell to have *offend in
the smallest degree from the manner in which this affair was con.,
ducted ; for Mr. S. was well aware when lie left Cape Coast in the
defenceless state adverted to by Mr. Dupuis (page 2911), that his
enemy was before him, and th:4 Wispy disposition to attack had
been evinced, he colon:ended the road, and could with case fall
back in time to secure its safety.
His This most singular opinion was not one of his own forms.'
then, but adopted by the representations of Mr. G. Robertson,
whom Mr. Dupuis notices in the nth chapter of his work, as being
left by him in the capacity. of Acting CousuL As this gentle:nan
had for many years been in the habit of constant intercourse with
the natives, and was generally considered a man of talent and ob-
servation, he was much consulted by Sir Charles. His opinion of
the government of the late t:ompany exactly assimilated itself with
that of Hr. Dupuis, and his opinion of the means possessed by Sir',
Charles Mac earthy, of opposing the Ashautces, may be best un_!
derstood by acquainting the reader that he wan the Editor of the
Gold (',ore( Gazelle, and the author of all those ebullitions which
predicted the downfall of the .Ishantees.
(71 One of these Officers replied, in answer to an observation
made by one of Air Charles's staff; • Pray, if we were all to put
ourselves on board of ship, and go home, what would Sir Charles
do?' rhe individual, Iregret to say, is no snore, having fallen
in the action of the 21st January, and the circumstance is only
alluded to, in order to point out the unpleasantness of the situa-
tion of the Governor-General when he heat arrived en the cunt.
In justice to those gentlemen who did enter the service, it must be'
stated that they soon altered the opinions they at first entertained,
and by their zeal in the performance of thcir various duties, showed,
how anxious they were to assist Sir l'ltarles in the midst of the
difficulties with which he was afterwards
(ft) This charge against Mr. Sudth, which repels the one made
by Mr. Dupuis, in page 2111 of his work, was coottnookat,d to the
writer by the late Sir Charles 31`Cartity himself.
(9) an the time of the Company's administration, blacks were
not permitted the privilege of trading, and . vessel whose Captain
disposed of merchandise to a native, would he mitered front the
anchorage : if men are erevented from making money by honest
and industrious means, tiley will endeavour to procure it in another
way, and this has been clearly pointed nut by N. Dupuis in that
pan of his work which relates to the trailing system.
(ID; It is evident from the perusal of the treaty made by Mr.
Dupuis, that the Kirg Intl no right to Rene the sergeant upon any
pretence, he being a native residing under British protection, and
entitled to the benefit of British laws.

The Delina,!goose, has arrivi4l at Ikal, and the
Essequibo in the Clyde. both from Demerara. They
bring I'apers to the tlth of July, but they possess no
further interest than furnishing evidence that all remain
tranquil in the colony.

OfFORD CIRCUIT.

GLOUCESTER ASSIZES, Almost' Et
luau emrileirer was indicted for robbing Win. /lodges, by
means of a threat.

Mr. Twits stated, that the prosecutor was a collector of rates in
the parish of Stroud; and on the 12th of July, at a place called
IVhite's-hill, he eras accosted by the prisoner, whd &eked him what
he was going about. He said, collecting the rates. The prisoner
said that he could not pay his rates; and the prosecutor, thinking
• small sum of money would be of service to the prisoner, offered
him a shilling to serve some notices for him, which he did ; and
then the prosecutor went on with his collection, and in the evening
the prisoner asked the prosecutor to treat him with some beer, wiech
he did, in • small parlour in • neighbouring public-house. After
they had drank together and paid the bill, the prisoner, observing
that the prosecutor had a good deal of money with him, asked fur
another shilling, to have more beer, which he consented to; and
after it was drank, the prisoner ran to the door of the room, and
▪ "If you don't give me all the money you have in your
pocket, I will accuse you." The prosecutor said, "Are you
mad ?" "No," said the prisoner "I am not mad: but my rent
is not paid, and I must have three pounds." The prosecutor, much
intimidated, gave him all the silver he had about him, and he let
hint go out of the room. Mr. envies was enlarging on the enor.
miter of the prisoner's °fleece, when
Mr. JUSiIICE, the priteiner's Counsel, rose end objected that
the Counsel fur the prosecution n.ight open facts, bet not make
observations against a prisoner on a c ipital charge.
Mr. Justice LITT LP:DALE thought that in a ease of this kind
it was better to make as few observations as possible.
IVilliain Hodge( said, I live in the parish of Stroud. and am
Collector of the Hates. I was out collecting on the morning oe the
12th of July. 1 went to it'hite's Hill. I saw the prisoner. That
was at about a quarter iteter twelve o'clock. Ile was then in the
road, near a wall. I had in my hand my rue book, and a timelier
of notices which I Icft at the hom!' of persons who were no: at
home or could not pay me. Ile asked if I had not one for him. I
said 1 had, and he said with an oath, " I cannot pay you, for I
have not paid my rent, hut if you will give me a shilling I will
'thew you where all the petiole live." I agreed to do so, soil he
showed me their residences, which were numerous, and at shout
seven o'clock in the evening we go:to the Rose Inn at Pagan Hill.
He said he wanted some refreshment, and t said 1 wanted some
too. He said he expected that I should give him some beer. 1
told the landlady I wonted a table to write 'men, and she ,hewed us
into a nar:our that a Ijoined the tap-room. I did not ask the land-'
lady to &hew me nit any other room, but I was going into another
room, when the 1 milady told me I could not have it, as a laity was
sewing there. Th it rou:n opened into the kitchen, and window
of it looked .nto t street. We had some refreshment, bread and
cheese and beer, which we sat down at the table, and partook of,
and then I examined my accounts, and made some memorandums.
During this time Cue prisoner was sitting there doing nothing. The
window of the room we were in looked into the garden of the inn,
where there is arealcove where persons drink. We called for two
pots of beer, which were brought in by the waiting man. Joseph
Lewis came to speak to me about the rates, as I had left a notice
at his house. I told him they ntu.t be paid. He stayed near an
hour, as it was ten o'clock before he went away, and besides this
the door was opened three or four times by persons who die nix
come in. They lookid in and ierantly shut the dour again, so that
I could not see who they were. appeared to be labouring
people by their dress. I rose to go away soon after Lewis went.
The prisoner asked to have another pot, 1 having paid for what we
had already drunk. The prisoner then said he would stand th et-
pence tuwanls another pot, and pulled three penny pieces out of his
puckee %Viten I paid the reckoning I took out a handful! of ail.
ver. This the prisoner saw, and we mid threepence each
for • third quart, and when that was drank I got up to go away,
end the prisoner followed me tent of the house, and said the shilling
I paid him was not enough, as he had lost his des 's work, and he
could have earned half a crown at home. I said I agreed to give
you only a shilling; he said he must have more, as he owed his
rent, and I gave him eighteen-pence, and when I put my hand Into
' my pocket to give it to him, I found that I hail left lily ink-horn in
the room. I went beck, and the prisoner followed me; we had
gone oat of the house the front way, but the prisoner said there is
a nearer way back to the house thruugh the garden ; we went that
way, and I saw tome persons In the garden who wore jackets and
I frocks ; the prisoner went arenas the garden, and spoke to them.
He gave diem something, brit what it WWI Ido not know. We
then went bite the house to get the ink-horn. The ptisoucr then
paid I will have amither pot of beer and pay for it outsell, and he
went out to fetch it, and after we had drank that, 1 got up to go
away ; the door was shut; I was mending et that time, the prisoner
sitting down. The prisoner jumped up and went to the door; and
stood with his back against it, and said with an oath, that he would
have all tile money out of my pocket; " I will go and tell your wife
that you wished to behave in an improper way. That was all he
said. I said "see you mad or drunk ?" He soul " I sin neither. but
I will tell your wife, and must have motley." I was frightened;
gave hen all the silver I hail; my wife is the best wife in the world,
and I was quite like a man thunderstruck. (Tee wit nevi on being
further quiationed, stated nearly the same facts, wite the addition
of sonic other expressions used by the prisoner.) I thee went home.
Croas.esamined by Mr. Jos-erne—l did rot sec the lanlady
after I returned to the house, and I did no; speak to tier. She did
not bring me any beer ; she might hare come into the room
with.:
out my knowing
I'it though there was a candle in the loom. I einl
42 years of age; was eleven years a meant of the Marquis of
Strafford; and nine years with toe Powlett. 1 hate lived nine years
in the pariah of Stroud ; I have been in France with Copt. Iliggin-
sun for a shoat time only ; I never was in any other foreign coup.
try besides France ; I mean I have been on the Continent, in Lily
and in Germene. (The witness seemed very reluctantly to admit
that he had been in Italy, and fenced • good deal with the clues.
I tem.) I was at Florence; I was not a year abroad in the whole
course of my life. I was wish the same wester all the time. 1
forget that I hid been in Italy. The countries are so near togs.
they, that going from France to Italy is It Le your going from county
Ito county, there being no sea. I call it all one country, but when
I got to the different places I knew that they were In
different countries. I don't know whether In Italy, thrinally, and
France they speak the tome language. I knew when I was at
Vienna that I was in Germany, lied that at Florence I was in
Italy. I hail no reason fur forgetting Italy, that I know of. I
have kept a public-bootie during the nine years I have been in
Stroud. I had known the prisoner before, he was a decent young
man with a felon:: of three childten. I swear I never asked for a
private room for myself anti a young man. I never said any thing
of the sort to the landlady ; I never asked for a room at all. I
never said of any room theme it was not private enough. The pri.
sorter is &labourer. I del not order him beer'and let him drink it
in the tap-room, but I thought him proper company for me in the
parlour. Lewis is not here. IVhen the preemie opened the door
and looked into the room, I said, "Come tn." The prisoner had
seen me rcc ire money. I thought it no more friendly than was
needful to club three.pence with a labourer fur a pot of beer. I bad
got out of the house about a hundred yards down a path
towards Stroud before I returned for the ink-horn. It was
a line night. Nothing happened as I walked down the held.
We walked quite separate. The path was narrow. I will swear
that I del not alter the state of my dress ia any way. 1 never
asked the prisoner if he could keep a secret; I never offer.el
him five shill ings; I never knew James Nichol. The prisetter at
the tune he rebeed me, spoke so violently it wait enough to kill a
man ;he sp eke it like common conversation. I did rot knock him
down, no • dreg him into the tap-room. I had not strength to do
It. (The prusecutor was an athletic man, fifty-two years of age,
and about live feet ten incites in height. 'rho prisoner was a man
rather tinder the middle size). I called for no assistance ; I saw no
one when I went out. and ! did not semi for a constable. I recollect
•Il that passel, and all I said to him was, " Are you mad or
drunk ?" I was cool and collected endugh to remember all that
I eased : I could bier the persons talking in the tapoo m. but they
could not have heard me unless 1 had exerted myself more than in
common conversation : I never asked the prisoner to gi home with
we. The prisoner was taken utwo day& alter; noeody advised
me to go before a Magistrate; I nicer knew of any bad reports
against me ; I never gave any money nut to mention anything; I
know Timms.' Griffiths.

Re-esamined—l never was transported, and I went abroad with
my mater as a/servant. I gave rny crone) through fear.
Esther Hopson said, I keep the Rose Inn at Pagan-hill 3 I re-
member these parties coming there; I slimed them into the bar.
The prosecutor said he wanted a room the himself and a young
'elm that was with bun; I told him there was a person sewing in
that room, and he asked for a back parlour, I took in bread and
cheese, and beer, and Isaw books and papers on the table, and he
ess had papers in his hand. I did not go in again, being at tea.
The room the prosecutor an I prisoner were in was oa the ground
loot, and any one might look in at the window.
In her eroria.extunination the WitT ma gate the prisoner a g•od
chr.raeter.

1 The prisoner made a very lung statement in his defence. 3lany
of the details wcre in contradiction of the provecutor's statement,
and he concluded with saying, that the prosecutor gave him the
money to prevent his going before a Magistrate to complain of his
(the progenitor-t) conduct.
James Nichols said, I live at Pagan bill ; I remember the day
in question ; I had been at work at l'aiu's-cross, making hay fur
he husband of Mrs. Illisan. After work I came to Hopson 's to
have some bread an cheese and beer. I was in the kitchen. When
I had been there about ten minutes the ptisooer came in, and asked
me to see him righted. I said, that depends on what it is about.
flare you been fighting ? Ile said " No ;" but he wished a con.
, sable to be sent for to take Mr. Hodges, as he had laid hand,
upon him. floweter I refused to go to the constable, but I said
there were plenty who would ; and just then the prosecutor came
and called the prisoner three times, and the prisoner, who was
frightened, said, here he is coining after me again ; and the prase-
eutor went into the parlour, and said, " Gardener, wont you come
in." He did so, and I went with hint. I had a glass of best'
there, and the prosecutor ordered me out of the wont. I went out
out, but looked through a hole in the partition. I could see,
Hodges standing trp, and the primer sitting down. I beard
Hodges ask the prisoner to go home with hire, which be refused to
do, and Hodges came out immediately, and went dolt n the fields
towards Stroud. The prisoner asked me to go hornet with hint, as
he feared that Hodges was waiting for him on the road.
Cross-examined by Mr. Twits —I am the brothes-in-law of the
prisoner—that is, he and I married two 'listen. When !lodges
was gone, the prisoner told it to all tho people who were in the
kitchen, about twelve fn number; none of dam are here. After
I was Oftiered out of the room, Hodges and tile prisons were in it
ten minutes before the former went away. I saw no money on the
table. I heard nothing worthy of remark while I was listening.
es Several witness spoke to the prisoner's character.
Mr. Justice LITT icanarx, in summing Hp to the Jury, ob-
served, that there appeared to be no doubt that the money was
taken, because the prosecutor proved it, and the prisoner, in his
defence, admitted it. Tire question would be, whether it came to
the prisoner's hands by such means as would constitute the of-
fence a: robbcry % To cue that offence, they must be as-

eared that hr het db!), parted ** misit race, ha tue
be waapt.it in fed. But if trireme INA the orestop. me prem.
eutoe giving it to him, being fear elle/1s; his daseaebte_ or poi
the money to prevent Injury to his character. If awry believed del
evidence of the prosecutor, the case was proved; silt Vol lig
material to constitute the ofence of robbery, that the amimser tM
the prosecutor should be spotless l foe it wag "Wei d=
to get money of a man by threatening to accuse MU ot
whether the person robbed were guilty of that meet slam Or
not ; because, if warty *ea redly gully of an ofemetswes
should not extort money from him by acting on his
I should bring hint to jusuce by a prosecution. floe his
read met the whole of the evidence, commenting on the diffetese
parts of it as be proceeded, and left it to the Jury to say, whethei
they believed the eridence of the prosecute, M.irhitise
his evidence was broken in upon by the other witnesses, that the,
could not safely convict upon his testimony. The beirned /Adige
concluded a most able and elaborate charge at a few minutes before
eight o'clock, the trial having Tatted eleven hours: and the Jurry's
after a few nannies deliberation, found the prisoner Not Guilty.
Itrfure Mr. Justice Patti,
Who, having concluded the civil cases, twisted Mr. Justice
LITTLEDALE, in the trial of prisoners.
Wiliione Williams was indicted for cutting and stabbing, with •
scythe, Anne Ellway, with intent to murder her.
II The prosecution was conducted bj Mr. Pilii.Pots—the Menet
by Mr. WATPON.

From the evidence it appeared, that in the Forest of ow,. new
the cottages et the prosecutria and prisoner, a vast quantity elf fern
grows, and that the prosecuiria was tutting fern with a reining'
hook, when the prisoner came up and began to cut km with a
seyille. The prosecutrix told him to deiist, alleging that the tern
belonged to her, as it grew near her cottage, though it wai in die
open part of the Forest.. The prisoner persisted In cutting the
fem., and innwavutdx grew 'ether violent. lie having a scythe and
she a hook, at length, as the prisoner mowed down die fern, he cut
the leg of the prosecutiii. She desicribed it as a severe cut, bat es
the surgeon did not appear, the extent of the injury use by no
means dearly made out.--Verdia. Nor Gladly.
Norierl Wood was indicted for hots. steeling.
Mr. CV woon stated the clecutnttances of the case, whlth were
Proved as follows :—.

The prosecutor lost his horse from out of the stable, at PoHash, In
Herefordshire, on the nth of May, 1110. Suspicion tilt upon a
man of the name of Walter Rica' but no etidence could be pro-
cured against him. Rice was however. taken up for another
felony in the month of December last, RIO fon his Information, a
clue was found to discover the horse. It sprinted that the n',;ht
the horse it'as !toren, it was In the prlSone: s stable. where it re.
mained for two days, during which time lie cut its mane and taiL
(In the 12th. the prisoner and another man, whom he represented
u a young tanner, sold the horse at Oohing, in this county, to •
man of the name of Evans ; Evans again fold it to a dealer at
Gannon, in Oxfordshire. The horse was traced through these
poomions, and its idrinity proved from a nark on the hip.
The Jury found the prisoner
Letters of the 26th ult. from Constantinople state, that
the plague had reached that capital from Alexandria.
GREEK lIKROOL—NIiaiiI6, the Greek Admiral, seeing
that the Goveinment wanted money, collected all the re-
mains of his own fortune, and distributed it amongst the
Captains and sailOrs7—" If I die (said he) it will be use-
less td toe, and if we are tictorious, my country's f:afety
will be to the an ample reward."—Frenrh Paper.
It was once a custom its (hmmany, when a woman war
convicted of adultery, for the husband to assemble their
mutual relations, and, in their presence', to cut het hair
close off, strip her naked, and then whip her from one end
of the village to the other. Il'hett once& woman bad sus-
tained tliis punishment, an indelible disgrace *is fixed
upon her ; no after conduct, however via V.10,1S and un-
blamable, cou'd restore her loft character, or remove
the foul stigma. No temptation could perstuttle i man ac-
qusinted with this fact to unite himself with her, though
fortune, youth, and beauty, all comblned 6 allure him to

MOSQUITO I sniA xs.—By letters from the Bay of Hon-
dente, it appears, that matters three are in a i•ery Unsetthel
state. The Mosquito Indians. irritated at the iriflaenceac-
quired over the mind of Robert Charks, brother of the late
Mosquito King, by certain individuals at Belize, had driven
him out of the country, and he was at Belief., a fugitive.-
IMaeGregor's new Governot had arrived in May last ; and
1 one of the survivors who scent out with the first settle t,
writes to a friend in London as follows :—Whatevcr you
may think, I was not idle on that shore ; the proof of it is
in my possession. With the exception of that branch of
Black River, called the Seco, and the beach, I hare made
regular survey of all the rivers, creeks, and lagoon', isl
the territory claimed by Sir Gregor. For three weeks I
was exposdl to the sun during the day, and sleet on lb*
sea-beach, or the tinily hays in the evenings. The Mos-
quito territory is, to do it justice, a truly flue country, as al
calculated, in time, and under judicious management, to
form a noble state.
The St. Katharine's Docks Bill will he positively re-
vived on the meeting of Parliament ;—notice to that effect
appears in last Saturday's Gazette. As a certain period of
notice of such measures In the Gerette. on Church doors,
Sess'ons' House doom, &e. is requisite, the rumoured meet-
ing of Parliament has set the several agents and parties in-
terested in the various suggested Companies on the alert.
During the last week many similar notices have been
given, as the standing orders Of the House will be more ri-
g roesly enforced.
Saturday niglit'a Gazette contained a notice, that in the
ensuing &salon of Parliament application will be made for
leave to bring in a Bill for the boring of a Tunnel under
the Thames, from Greenwich to All Saints, Poplar.
The reports from all quarters of the country give the
most flattering accounts of the amazing inn eue Of our oome
coerce and manufactures. The iron trade was never in a
more flourishing state.—Combrian.
The transfer of grouse from the Highlands to Lorelou
during the last two tr three days has been unusually great.
The old sportsmen, natives of Scotland, who thus far
have been most arecessful in bringing down their game,
report the birds to be exceedingly shy ; and some estates,
which in former seasons were stocked with abundance of
both the black and red cock, are this year nearly deserted.
THE New Comer.—This interesting visitor first became
iisible to us on the 27th July, at 13h. 36m. and appeared
in the constellation Ifereules, near the Z. (This star is not
laid down upon the Globes, but it lies about 4 deg. to the
northward of Ras Alhagne a Sepentarius Ophiucus, lied*
deg. to the westward of E. or 93 of Hercules. Reference to
Jamieson's Atlas will immediately point out the position.)
The right ascension of the comet was at that time ail"
hours Sti min. in time, or '264 deg., the declination 17 deg.
42 min. N. So very small was its appearance, that we
long doubted whether it was not an optical illusion : hut
subsequent observations have determined it otherwise.
It is invisible to the naked eye, and barely pert: eibhe
through a telescope; nor can its form even then be clearly
detinAl, as it more resembles a nebulous star than a comet.
The motion is contrary to the order of signs, and not so 'li-
pid as the comet of January. Ott Thursday night (26rla
August), at ten hours, it crossed the track of the former;
and at fourteen hours the right ascension was 212 degrees,
the declination 40 deg. 39 min. N. It has moved over the
apparent distance of 30 deg. since the 27th of last month,
and now does not set to our latitude. On Saturday night,
at 10 hours, it was near the three small stars in triangle,
1,2, 4, and phi on the right leg of Hercules bearing W. by
N. and between 46 deg. and 47 deg. from the horizon.
lureovem mars IN GLASGOW —Notwithstanding the
advancement of the season, new buildings are commencing
in almost every part of the town. The foonclations
are jnst now digging for several large public weeks.
There are at present eight steam loom factories erecting,
which will noon be ready for the machinery. One factory
at Mile-end will, when finished, contain 1500 looms.
It is only one story high, and to make the bottom wild,
four hewn stones are required for each loom, which make
the whole stones wanted 3,200. Several of the new fac-
tories are erecting me a si oilar plan, by which, although
more ground is covered, there is a great saving in the
power ; and the machinery requisite to carry the force of
the engine six or eight stores high is wholly supersede"
There is an unpreeeelented demand for machinery. M.
of the mills and rectories relished in the spring are
present filled in only tine or two fiats, front the

of machinery. Private lodgings' are also building, will
possible despatch. Not less than 100 masorl are env.
oil at sine of the buildings at the west end of the tog
The principal quarries in this neighbourhood are
throng, and some of them are e 111140% Ing LW*
their usual nutub.r of bands. Tire eleu►and

from the nutlet and other quarters is also very
It is calculated that in March last there were

3,001) n.asona in town, exclusive of labourers ;

number In Clate.r,ow and suburbs at present is L.
at &too. Several meetings of the masons havi
held to adopt measures for preventing inferior
from the country, who may have served a year
at the business, from taking advantage of the gestral
nets, and passing themselves off as journeymen. A
of call, where their qualifications will be exatitinctl,
be established. The gener,lratc of wages is from '

and very superior lands Chronicle,

d 1

41

1
I
,

1

1 .
1,
ii
1 ,

.r

1.1

10 "711 led t
0. C/frja
03 7
1:01usel
' Y
t), wai
t.heb
6. Sp/
The ,
*Pinn
44 last
ftlsubi
Midas
C. 1,017
kr.
64/rgh
eUt):ll%
was ieet
The
wt.
ri , rxily
vrt
b ri tvei,
IC, 1(
1010.4,
for etrrt
'4 for it,
Subierin
Hit;

lie force of
oporsedial.
ry. M lay
ing are at
the want
g, with all
re emp'oy-
the town.
MI are all
me times
fur lime
cry great.
c at least
; and the
eatitnato.
tave been
ur l•antir.
ar Cr MO
:rat bri4r-
A btruae
mcd, is to
an Dir. to
article.

'y

irIIN v
