COL RT.or BA VII PROPRIETORS.

:: My only
to :he prescry..ll
neves to survive
slavery, which
urd that too I:.
cur soil, and ,vvri
reeumile the 0'
'f themselves
establish the ll)Viilliautc peace, to support L.
system of Government which may be most conformable to the
general will, without any restriction whatever, and to co.operatc
with von in citectually promoting the prtswity of the nation.
.• Moxicans ! you shall soon spin bur item your most sincere
and a:Lc:la:tate Iricud,
" AUGUSTIN DE ITURBIDE."

CLAIMS on Mr COLOMBIAN GOVERNMENT.
TO THE EDITOR OF -THE BRITISH PRESS.

LONDON. SIrT.I6, 1824.

Si a—l should hare been contented to leave unnoticed the report
In yesterday's Papers of the proceeding* in the Lord Mayor's Court
to set aside my attachment upon ex-porfe reinescntations, had the
Learned Calmed employed by the contractors for the Colombian
gamma thought proper to indulge in insinuations regarding stock-
jobbing transuctions, which wolthi appear to compromise. my cha-
:atter as an officer anti a gentleman.
The merits of my claims and the claims of a highly respectable
bale of British stabler-to, upon the Colombian liorernment, must be
bf. fee a solemn decision to a competent tribunal, u soon as the
noses of law wig permit me to briag the subject under judicial in-
vottigatiu. I therefore abstain front making any rernerks upon
dos pint( in the mean time, I, however, unhesitatingly aver that
try sole object in making the attachment was to recover, by legal
meant what is due to me by the Colombian Government, without
any referenee whatever to any saleroom, effect it might produce
upon the Fonda, neither I nor any of my friends. to sly know-
ledge, having any interest whatever iv: either their elevation or de-
m-
sedum The reason why the attachment tutted on the 11th, and
was served on the Ilith of July, is ervity explained without haying
recourse to the insinuation of the Counsel, that that clay was
seatetal with a viow of sheeting the price of the Stock upon the
settlement of the Recount. The fact is. that the lath of July was
the day on which the instalment upon the Loan was payable to the
contractors, and oonoequently that was the day when funds were
in their hands liable tw the operation of the attachment. To have
Issued it either b irate the ntenoy was received, or after it was raid
war, would have been a useleos nod ridiculous rrneetaling.
To the liberation of Colombia I have ever looked with the
warmest solicitude, and for the members composing the Govern.
merit I have the higitem ...ipect. I ant the last man in the world to
do any act which might anneemearily embanau its procc•rlings, or
impede the tnan hof iridependrue. The course I hare pursued
h had in view not air my own just rights, but the real and sub-
egartial interests of fulembia hrnst if; and I feel convinced that the
high-minded members of the (government would spurn %lilt intlig-
tratton the means taken, In their name., to get rid of their honour-
able .as legal engagements. It the Corombian Government could
far a moment sanction she proceeding,. of Tuesday. what security
could the holdeen of their •seele and'Botitla have for the fulfilment
of their °Meru los ? -
The Learned Counsel, spenting in (lie name of the Contractors
for the present Loan, is reported by the Newspapers to have said,
that, •• Republica more frequently varied than any other form of
Government ; and it weight be inde:d extraddlnary if one set of
(governors were to pay for what bait been cnn'racted by another."
Lngaged (non my earliest irtarg y in the active service of my
country, I mouton be expected to have cultivated so intimate an ac-
qaintanee with Puffenelorf, Orntius, and ether *Titers on National
Law, as that hearned Grath-men may be presumed to have done.
am. however, sun:der:lly acquainted with the obligations of Na-
t a al honour and public faith, feel that it would be " in_
.teed extraordinary" if those who exercised the functions of Bo-
rerntr.ent in a State were not " to pay far what had been con.
trained" by their predecessors.
With what face can the eonitsetars for the present Loan receive
tie money from British subject., while tiny temr<loy such refined
subtleties, in the name of the l'olombian Government, to elude the
fuldlmentaif their engagements ? (gr of what value is coned red the
faith and sere ity of a Goverament witich claims in a British,
Court of Justice the tight of annulling its contracts at pleasure,
sad of mputlintiog its debts with the same facility that it changes
as )liniaters ?

.I again tercet, Sir. that the ver.timenta and orinians propounded
by the Learned Counsel I do net impute to the members of the
t.olnrclian liorerement. I have still the greatest faith In their
inte.7tity and have altLatly opened a comintinicittion
wbieli l doubt nnt will terminate in a disavowal of prin-
eplea alike impolitic and iii•honourablc.
I am. :EU-, your most obedientS.vcaet.
T. A. 1:1)11'Allllt5.
V. llo7ywcll-street, ll'etomlitster.

Advices have been received from Permon bit co to the
21th Jul,. They contain no further information with re-
PIM to the state of affairs between the eartiieting parties
Ca►ralh am! Nlergado. A squadron, consisting of the
RI Caroline frigate, two corvettes, and two sanotwrs.
OM from Rio de Janeiro, on the Pith. for the ran-pose.
is was understood, of resuming the blockade of hrnain-
bcco.

Extract of a letter from Gibraltar, drtell August 4J :
' W have nothing, particularls new, except that the
I esiness nt Tarifa is settled, alone' the Commander,
Vald.l, and 3.3 of his party, escaped to Tangiers ; about
luprismers wee., however. taken, SI of whom • ...it, shot
the ilav Were yesterday, at Algesiras."
M ••tiican Papers have been received to the 15th July.
An article titan Guadalajara of the oal July states, that
the inhabitants of Tepie bad petitioned Bravo to spar
D3ll Edward Garcia's life, and that II:avo absolutely Te-
ta/el to do se; that some symptoms of dise,tii.gauk still
prevailed in that varier, and that Bravo arstit tgl•ave
Ilmilsiajoa fur Ifi N 100 on the 7th 'cm Rth of Julys Orr
the application of Bravo, the Fiscal had thmouneed a paper
which hatl been in c:reirlatien, as " a Copy of a Letter
from
.Ech Irani, a Spanianl, to an inhabitant of Guadala-
.ira: a er tug that a plan was formed for testoring
Mesta) to the dominion of Spain; that England was in
favour of this measure; that the existing Government in
McGee was also in favour of it ; that the tiengress, with
t'ic exe.ption of three or four poor Iturbitlists, was re-
fund to accede to it; that honours anti decorations Ur)
I. •t! sent cut by the King of tpain to kkhavarri, and that
N"ans Alainan, Santana, Negrete. and Annijo, Wert
(attics to the compirs• y. 6,•tieral ‘'ictorlit who was at
4 l'i'n. discharging the functions of one of thei Executive,
Ltl sildrisserl a manifesto to the nation, in which, after
smaking of his reluctsire in accepting his high office, and
his fers that his talents are houlequate to its functions, he
sans the nation " against the snares of those who are
'hi:',. plotting the subversion and ruin of the 'Republic,"
e: t ni into a vindication of the state of Vera Cruz, which
a s r pi tell to be strongly disposed to assist any design
srhizh Si sin might have upein Mexico, and inculcates, its
tie most earnest te ms, the necessity of union and fraternal
r.„Paentd. On the eth July a discussion took place in the
.1/11ieal enntlroes, on a project presented he lkfr. Binno:i,
t' s'iniv as much quicksilver from the soil of Mexico u
resold 10., sufficient to work the mints, without any foreign
ittlP°lllainii, provided importation was prohibited. This
Ic•,i,tet Was favourably reported on by a cennuission, anal
•ls conditions, thus amended, were accepted ;—" As soon a'
if. projtctor shall produce as much quicksilver as the
4(4' a the Rt•pubhe shall require, and shall prove the'
.e to the satisfaction of the Government, the tntroduc-
m of fireign mercury shall he prohibited."
A respite during his Majesty's pleasure has been m-
ired for T. Coniock. condemned at the Gloucesttm As-
's rer a highway robbery at Bustle!.

Vesterday, at twelve o'clock, a half-yearly Court of Dank Pro.
prictors wits held for the purpose of considering what dividend
.1)9111.1 he declared for the next half-year. The Court was crowded
in consequence uf a report which had been circulated, that a reduc.
tion of their dividend would take place. '.%hen the Chairman and
the Court of Directors entered, a resolution was pr :teed, stating,
that the Court of Directors, having fully considered the aKin of the
Bank, were of opinion, that the next halt...yearly dividend should hit
four per cent.
Upon a question being put to the Chairman by one of the Pro-
prietors. respecting the amount of the adsancea made on mort-
gages, it was stated to the Pniprietors that the Court of Directors
did not I:dend to go ix vond a total of two millions in their ad-
vances, and that that sum would probal.ly bc soon expended.
The same Proprietor a.ked what amount had been advanced by
the Directors on Stock ?

Tie Cafigtegraw replied, that the amount as yet advanced was
very trivial; it did not exceed 500.0001.
The Propriefor complained that such :Arenas were made at.. .h.
out first acluninting the l'uurt of Proprietors, and Liking their
opinion with respect to them.
Mr. at/ N DRY made a motion for the 'Neff tction of accounts, in
which he was warmly supported I.y another proprietor. It wWI then
wowed as an amendment upon the pmpusat front the Chair of a
4 per cent. dividend, that it should be live per cent.
Mr. SE I.WY seconding the motion‘observed, that the Court
followed in the fooftteps of thaw who went
the same time, their public conduct was at
of Parliament regulating their Corporation,
•-lags. The twelttb by-law expressly pro.
d, on an occasion like the present, not only
_.' declaring n dividend, but also for consider.
condition as a Corperation. The conduct of the
-d and anomalous. In the first place, it was eh-
like that now avenibled should be called upon
to the proposition of the Governor, without
,Jnatcrials for their consideration. It the,
echo the proposition for 4 per cent., there was
-e geode en to be called from their homes as
In the neat place, the conduct of the Di.
inasmuch as that while a control over the
Ithe public money was admitted by the Go.
sod salutary, the Court of Directors allowed I
expenditure, and yet called t..pon Meeting :If.
whatever they thought prop to submit.
Stozlc were wholly at the mercy of the
expenditure of twelve millions of menet, Was to
Every one mutt have turicetl the alterations''
the large building surrounding that in which
they - _ ...ibled,aJd it was not at all improbable, that if the
Proprietors lifal the Inspection of the charges, they would find a
conNitleninle surto/. might hare been effected, and real improve.
meats introduced. flu was aware that alterat anis were objected to,
and it wassail(' that the Proprietors attuuhl pl.we their confidence in
the Directors. Individually, no men wet.: more worthy or more
honourable, but was there nut too much tenet( to know, that what-
ever the birth, the education, or stateof life of some men, that cm-
fidence in them would be abused ? The very nature of man An.
bade the blindly reposing confidence in any individuals. The
Court of Directors, before 17:l7, had abuael the confidence reposed
in them.

31e. r °tree: hcle rose to order, and
The CHAIRMAN requested the worthy proprietor would hose the
gomineva to confine Mins& to the question.
firkw sit did not wish to travel out of the record, nor did he
think he had done so; but still felt it his duty to defer to the Chair.
man. The Proprietors had no niateriu/s to decide whether they
should have five per met, or four per cent ; and if the disclosure
of the weskr.ess of the system ou which the Court of Directors
acted, were—

The CHAIIIIIIII7f attain rtsluested the worthy gentleman not to
travel out or the subject.
3lr. t•E LTV V st—l'his cuts up my argument by the roots, and I
sludJ theretore sit down.

The(ltatnsLsx—Theseeseof the Proprietors has been taken
on this question in many successive Courts, and it has always been
against the object of the worthy Proprietors.
3lr. You an was animus to have all the information he could;
but, as it was withheld, he must consider the motive for doing so to
be good. Still, however, the Proprietors should have every expla-
nation which could be peadently giyeu.
The question and amendment were then severally put ; the ques.
tion was carried by a very large majority.
The Client MAN then stated, that warrants would be delivered
and paid at and after the 11 t h of ( i•tober teat.
As the question of adjournment was about being put,
YouNn asked, It it were the intention of the Court of Di-
feelers to lower the rate of discount?
The Cxatttxax.—On rdtstion, I am sure the worthy Pro-
prietor will perceive that this is a very lejudicous question.
3lr. You the Directors pled ce themselves to convene
a Meeting of the Proprietors before they lower the rate?
The CHAT It MAX.-1 really can give no answer beyond this, that
the Directors are folly alive to their situation, and will act in every
manner for the best.

Here a Proprietor handed in a resolution, hosing for its object
to introduce sonic plan for diminishing the frauds and forged
powers of attorney offered to the Bank.
The Cuatassast.—That mattes I can a sure the worthy Pro-
prietor is under strict invesitigvion, and at present he must excuse
me if I say no more.
The PitoPtisEtroa.—Sfy object is to aid the Directors in the
prevention of fraud; and I have a plan to submit on that important
c:biect.

The CRATIMAN.—The Directors will be clad to avail them-
selves of any assistance which they mar receive.
141 r. S. Dixost.—lt is natural to think that the Directors have
turned their attention to such an objuct, and the merit which they
deserve should not be lessened by submitting resolutions upon a'
topic in which they at: anxiously bitsied.
The Court then adjourned.
A deputation from the imrchants of the city of Mentz
having w•aittal tot Prince 11letternich, to compliment him,
received from his Highness the following assurance:—
" Gentlemen," said he, " the Allied Powers of Europe
have no other sacred object but that of preserving their
work—the present state of universal peace in all its Ma-
! tions, even the most insignificant, and to consolidate its
duration."

st roar met. to CHANDLIRS.—We understand that Dr.
O'Neill, of Comber, in the county of Down, has disco-
vered a chemical process, by which hog's-lard can be con-
verted into an article for dipping and moulding candles,
superior to Russian tallow, without any additional expense;
when prepared aceerding to his plan, it is equal to white
wax, or ape:tutu:li. The candles made of it burn superior
light to any other candle whatever, resembling inflame the
purest gas. They arc alteget her void of :he greasy smell
and touch of other candies, and who n burning in the closest
apartment have no smell, nor emit smoke. They burn by
many minutes longer than any other candles of the same
weight, and, frith a change of process only in preParing,
they can be made of a beautiful golden yellOw, or a snow,
white colour, which the effl:cts of light or time cannot
alter.—Da,Va Pater.
INDIAN /t CI:DOM—The Indian, with great magnani-
mity, has a strong natural feeling of justice. An Indian, who
had killed a fellow-countryman, sensible that his life Was
justly forfeited, and anxious to be relieved from a state of
suspense, took the resolution to go to the mother of tha
deceased, an aged widow, whom ht, athlressod in these
words:—." Woman, I know I have killed thy son ; hehad
insubed me, it is true; but still be was thine, and his life
was valuable to thee. I therefore now surrender myself
up to thy will. Direct as thou wilt have it, and relieve
me speedily from misery." To which the woman answered,
" Thou bast, indeed, killed my son, who was dear to me,
and the only supporter I had in my old age. One life is
already lost, and to take thine on that account, cannot be
of any service to me, nor better my situation. 'l'huu bast,
however, a son, whom, if thou wilt give Inc in the place of
my son, whom thou host slain, all shall be wiped away."
TIK murderer then replied, " Mother, my Full is yet but
a.child, ten years old, anti can be of no service to thee,
but rather a male anti charge; hut here am I truly
capable of supporting and maintaining the •: if thou wilt
receive mo as thy son, nothing shall be wanting on my
part to make thee cornfcrtallo while thou divest." The
woman approving of the proposal, forthwith adopted him
as her son, and took the whole family to her house.
hoe Mix ts.—lt is with touch gratification we hear,
that M. Knott, Esq. the spirited proprietor of the lead
mines at Kinniside, has commenced operations oft Iligg
fligg Moor, about three miles from this town, for opening
an Iron Mine, with every prospect of success. Iron ore
used formerly to be got in this neighbourhood, and of such
geod quality, that it met a ready market ; but the mine,
from some cause or other, was given up, and the valuable
ore has for many years been allowed to lie dormant in the
bowels of the earth. Mr. K,:ott, however, with that en.
terprise and spirit for which Ito is characterised, has taken
the whole of the mines in Lord Egrernones manor, and
already employed a number of men in exploring ono of
the veins, and it is expected that ins short time lie will be
able to give employment to .50 or SO workmen. The good
• which such an undertaking will do in the neighbourhood
is incalculable ; and we only echo the public yoke in
• wishing Mr. Knott the most complete success.—Whik.
Laves Toper.
/keenly :Vv.—Between seven and eight o'clock on Wed-
nestlay evening, as one of the Hampton Court steers was
proceeding down the road from Piccadilly, full inside and
• out with passengers, just as it reached Knightsbridge, op-
posite the Cannon brewbonse, the axle-treo bro.e, the
coach was upset, and the whole of the passengers pitched
into the road, several of whom received severe bruises, but
ds.iv one, an uki Gentleman, was seriously hurt.

my restuence m r.urope. ..... •••,--• - - -
of Directors now only fol
h, mid to perceive more, upon this subject. saw, in the _ Apt SE i.wx sr, in secoi
before them. while, at th
me, ..iist ruin was impending over you t, etid, could 1
t, toy countrymen, to your ilcstruetion?o,;sired I say,
with heir own hy.lst
Re it is that I Tutolll :o you, iiptanitykiff,(:olo 111,(11 variance a/jilt the Acs of
"old' ed, that they should,
is, triumphing over the ottatiorku, 4,13.L14410p the toils
,i:4l V1Pr474,,t meet for the purpose of d
tine Holy Alliance was anxsputimanntagw,
icving tar purpoac?
;directors Wan *board and
not es Emperor, but as a , Aillexicap.4 at. iii; their oldie and contlit
u tarn pots by the laitintenli () 411,140ta1t Atop li .
sf couniry. I come as the first murmur u that a vast body like
fl.e renoliilatjort of ogr ci it.d milt dsdare their assent to i
ity. I come inhuencoliliy srectitude which lOW iinitherffe them any
tyli
ion shepn me by die tistinn "Vneral, and without . Wllr. only to ech
kin of toe beim...tallier+ with .which pywi iecoSsity for 40 many I
:Ls of our counuy--hWI• gliufb4full 14171 ttes • its ditto tiecasitm. li
of.j.:ct is, to cisnoibnon Iy. wafwarionialotis, in nlidany sword, •
maim of the liborty anti Intl gf Weak grendtpentliture of thi
ive the ennillienetnleel se ebien t to be wise and 1
li powcrfol nations ars
of . t ntitiontrol over their expe
through the instrumentality of so
6r tee Mnetini to sanction a
pooprietmu of Dank
i•earral ungrateful Spaniards. It is mat•lititifilisti In 1 The
I.trere! ces which exist amongst yots--differeoets whith I,_l_.thre_ctors, arist the c‘Pen‘
would be sufficient to plunge )ou into rider—in re. i ""1",.,_,_10 no control. Del
invaluable blowing of tinallesliC peace, to support that ,i .iw"'"' tyoitplacea in the it
..---.......• ..1.i..1% •••••/ h. tenet enatenneahle tn the ' 'ael, w.ft :bd,IIJCI
