J

HOUSE OF COMMONS, WaiNestaT, JULY 5.

STEAM ENGINES.

Mr. H. A. TAYLOR brought sip the Report of the Com-
mittee on the Seliconenming Steam Engines Bill, which wns
ordered to he printed. The Hun. Gentlem.in then WC Notice,
tact early in the next Semion he should introduce a Bull In
el ire the law respecting the nuisance created on the metro.
polei by the smoke issuing from steam engine thruster.
PATENTS SPECIFICATION.
_ . •


The Order of Ow Day for the second mailing of the Pa-
It ot% Stratification Bill War, on the motion of Mr. WROSSIII-
-I.es, postponed till this day sia weeks. The Hon.Oentle.
inan stwrd That he Ind been inirlasirell ar accede to ibis comm.,
lot order that the sitl.jeet might be referred to a Select Cum•
miller in the next Solution.
sir .1. 111ACILINT11111 perverted a Petition f►om ---
Ilawkes and - Taylor, Emirs Ike High sheriff. of Nor-
wich, complaining of grievous delays in the administration
of jiiidiee in that city, in conteipienee of Anises for the trial
ot cnminatr then- being held bait Ante in the year, and pray-
ing redress. Ihe Hun. Member made *event observations
on the eivntritt+ of the Petition, which be said was highly de-
serving of the consideration and respect of tbe House.
Mr. H•RBORD enforced the prayer of the Petition, and
stated, that the Gant of Norwich strongly called for enlarge-
ment, and improvement in the management of the pri-
soners, there briii4 at present an %anima total want of in-
straelion, employment, and minute classification.
Mr. R. COCIIIIVRN said, that the inconvenience might be
remedied by the removal of prisoners for trial to 'Moroni
at the Spring Assizes, ur by arraigning them at the Sessions
before the Recorder.
Sir J. MacsiSTess thought the latter jurisdiction was
objectionable, and the first remedy attended with too great
pence.
The Petition was then laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.

POEMS OF OSSIAN.
Sit J. MacKinToso presented ■ second Petition from
Idr. H. Campbell, a student at law, and a native of Scot-
land, stating, that he hail made iseveral jimmies to the
Hebrides, and to the 'province of Ulster, lu Ireland, in
order to ascertain the topography of the Poems of Orion,
and especially Fingal, and complaining that the Highland
Society in London had refused to grant hint that resigners-
lion fop his services in this respect, to which he conceived
himself tisuitled.—Kead and laid on the table.
COPYRIGHT.—MANUMISSION OF SLAVES.
Sir J. MACKINTOSH gave notice, that early in the next
Session of Parliament he should call the attention of the
House tii the laws in being respecting the Copyliclat of
Printed hooks; sad to the presentation of an Address to his
Nlnjesty from the House on the subject of the Manumission
of Slaves in whatever part of his Majesty's dominions slavery

was still unfortunately in existence.
WATER COMPANIES.
Mr. FREMANTLE, in prorating • Petition from the In-
habttsuts the Neigh of St. George its the West, praying
an inquiry into the past and present stale of the supply of
water in the metiopolts, node several animadversions on
the combination between the existing Water Companies,
and expressed his intention to refer the prayer of the Peti-
tion to a Committee, in the next Session of Parliament.
The Petition WAS nod, and after some remarks from the
Luau 111.tvost, in justification of the Companies, laid On
the table, rod ordered to be printed.
Sir. C. C said he had a similar Petition to present
from the I siliabitaats of the Parish of St. James.
Mr. llonnotor said, that the complaints on the subject
would not be SO lS*l v e 000 I as they were, if there was not
good gr d fur them.
The lAMD MAYOR vindicated the conduct of the Water
Compaiiiis,and affirmed that .they were so anxious for in-
vestigatiou as any other persons could be.
Mr. WILMOT said, be had a similar Petition to present
from the Inhabitants Householders of SI. Mary-le-bone,
which was ►igned by above 2,500
Roth Petitions were severally read, laid ost do table, and
ordered to be printed.
GRANTHAM ELECTION.

Colonel Woptuouse, the Chairman of the Select Com-
enlace to try the merits of the Petitions eftwaphtiniug of ■s
undue election and return for the boroogh of Grantham,
brought up a Report from that Committee, stating, that
the speaker's warrant had been issued to command the at-
tendanee of Sir William Manners, Baronet, William Atter,
Hugh Manners, Esq. and Itfehard Armstrong Jarvis, E'q.
to gtvc evideuce before the raid Committee that all due dill.
puce had hero used by the permits employed by the Cum-
;flittee to serve the said warrant on the saute individuals,
but that they hail not been able to du so. The Hun. Mem-
ber their moved, that the above-nanted four individuals
should be taken into the custody of the Serjeseit at Arms.
Mr. TESINSSuft thuo;:lit that the words of the Report,
si that due diligence had been used to serve the notice,"
weir by no means sufficiently clear and precise to warrant
the proceeding proposed.
A desultory cosiveisatiou theft ensued on the subject be.
toren slr. Mime Sumner, Cul. Wodehouse, Mr. C. W.
Wye'', Sir R. Herm:, Mr. Seijraut Olibluw, Sir J. Newport,
and Dr. l'hillimore.
After which, on the suggestion of the SPEAtteR, the mo-
timi was withdrawn, and the short-hand writer ordered to
attend at the bet of the House forthwith, with the minutes
which he had taken be fore the Committee this day.

LONDON 111 I LITIA.
Sir W:111. CURTIS iu a Bill fur the bitter regula-
tiou of the City of London Militia, which wait read a brat
time, and urdeied to be read a second time lu-morrow.
LANCASTER GAOL.
Alderman 11i 00D presented s Petition from
Nathail Broadhurst, a prisoner in Lancaster gaol,
pl g that he and several other !serious in
the same situation wire compelled to labour six-
teen hours a day, in a confined and unhealthy
riser, for their support, and that otherwise no prisms
attlowstiore would lie made thesis, but that they
would Le left to starve. 'Elie Petition proceeded
Is state, that he had appealed against this rule, but
'had been informed by saute Judge that by law he
was c prllable to work. He, therefore, prayed

inquiry.
•Oss the question for bringing op the Petition—
Mr. W. Iltioetz said. that the rule of the prison
woo, that those ptrsons who were,able to contribute
to their own subi•isterce and refused to do so,
whould pot receive any pert of the county allowance,
which wee levied -ail all the inhabitants of the
county, end paid by some as pour ai the pri-
-goners dwruselver.
Alderman Woo wished to know whether there
was any other allowance in the prison besides' the
county allowance ?
Mr. W. Boorhe replied (as Ott ,understood).
that where prisoners competent ,to contribute by
batmen, to alto. ,iiiiport would uotilabour, they rt.!,
crived invaltowThce.
Alderman ‘l' ono and Mr. W. BOOTLI mutually
explained.
BENNETT said. that lie we, not orquaitsted
with any gaol in w ts.Hs little WAS uoi Moe prism.
allowance, more of
Mr. W. BOoTLE s;;n1, that the Magistrates had
'been guided in their cm.(inct in this matter by the
opinions of two Cotilistl, one a Member of the
!louse. whom he not not lire in his place. the other
rtu emineut barrtr,rr on the Northern Circuit. He
should be very happy to spew them to Honourable
Alralbers.,
Mr. CAWTHORSL understood that prisoners were
ulways entitled -to some certain priain allowance.
Alter some further remarks liOrn Mr. BLACK-
BURKE at d Alderman Woo°, ;the Pettiton was
read and laid on the table.
After a short interval, Mr. 1-10MWUNE presented

a Petition from Thortias lines, another prisoner in
the slime gaol, cotnplaining of hardships e.duroll iu
his treatment there, and praying redrros.
Mr. 11011110 USE stated, that lie had had two lets
ters.trans the gaoler on the aubject, it, which he
asserted that the allegations of the Petitton ware
either wholly unfounded, or grossly exaggerated.
The Petition was read sind laid on the table. On
the question 'Aut. it be jointed...
Mr. W. 'Boque esti/ruled .himself adverse to
the 111011411.

Mr. HoßnoUs supil Si. M. W. RIDLEY sup-
ported it, mud it ..ua cured in the offirruistme.

EGUL4TIONS OF TRADE.
MN SetirSet °MOW. off rr ii few prefatory
remarks, torepweetl • itesoliiiion founded on the
itilwort if • &leo Committee, to the following
rlfrei

ResoWed.—That no Bill fur introducing regulations into
say trade, or alterations into the Ins of apprenticeships In
say business, or for affixing marks to any article of manu-
facture to drsign its quality, ur prohibiting the manufactur-
ing of any commodity, or extending the term of any p-strnt,
be read a first time till a Select Committee shall have been

appointed to inquire into the expediency or inexpediency
of the same, and to report to the House the result of their
inquiry.
Air. F. ROBINSON said, that as the Resolution
was confined 111 its application to the interior regu-
lations of trade, he did not know that he had any

objection to make to it.
*Mlle SPEAKER suggested, as it was desirable that
a Statidsug Outer should be as clear as possible,
and as the wording of the first part of the Resolu-
tion left him in 'some measure its doubt as to the
mode of enforcing this, if it should be adopted by
the House, that an alteration might be made in the
form thereof; and also that instead of the last
words, "molt of their inquiry," the words " ob-
servations thereon" should be inserted, to make it
conform as far as possible to the langyge of the
other Standing Orders.
Alter a short copreraittion, in which Mr. Ricardo,
Mr. W. 44' Ale. Robinson, air. Serjeant
Widow,.
Ea,
end" r. %S "-atria took a part, the Reso-
lution wise re ia. lint aud second time, and
agrresl to.
A Message from the Lords announced that their
LordshiPi: hid tgreed to see' eiiii Bilk
.. •
EICIFig (Mt LOD).
Lord 1901141,CtisteLes moved that the Papers
ordered to be laid before the House on the eth of
June, relating to iniademeanors against the Excise
laws in Ireland, should be rearmed forthwith.
HIM object in deeiring the production of them, was
to slier the Itiglit Hop. Gentlemao (the Chancellor
of the EAchequer) that the misdemeanors lied not
increased. and that sufficient security was not re-
quired for the burs levied. .
Mr. DENT prevented a Petition from the inha-
bitants of St. Policies. complaining of the combi-
nation suputig the water companies in the metro-
polis.—R.ead, and laid on the table.
MALT DUTIES (SCOTLAND).
Mr. Karim:6T presented a Petition from the
Landed Heritars of the couuty of Argyle, against
the Prelcl4 sprain of lebying the malt duties in
Scotland—and a Petition to the same effect from
the Maltsters and Distillers of the borough of
Campbelhown.—Both petitions were read, laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
NEW MALT TAX (SCOTLAND).
Lord A. HAMILTON, before bringing forward his
motion for the repeal of the malt tax imposed
during the last Session of Parliament as affecting
Scotland, put a question to the Chancellor of the
Exchequer, the precise import of which we were
unable to collect.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER replied,
that lie could not make concessions to the extent
required by the Noble Lord, but that he had a
certain allowance its the collection of the duty to
propose.
Lord A. Ilisetweutt exceedingly regretted the
necessity thus imposed out him of submitting the
case •to tjte conolderatiou of the House. The
ground on which he asked fur further concession
was, host. that for a century and more it hail been
the custom to impose but •half the duty on malt
manufactured from barley in Scotland, which had
beets its Eitglaitd ; second, that it had been custo-
mary to lay is much lower duty on malt from bete
or hicg than in England ; and third. the mode
and manner of laying on the new dote it this
flottre last Session.—( Hear, hear.)--Zuf nry
few distilleries had been worked in Scotland
fur the last twelve months, and the few that
were, worked at u loss. When he said worked, he
meant legally, for the large distillers were now
reduced to the alternative of violating the low, or
submittitig to ruin. He contended that the duty
actually levied was through some mistake much
. greater in amount than that intended by the Legis-
lature. The duty on barley in many parts of Scot.
land was greater than the price of the article. Peti-
tions on the subject had collie to the House from all
parts of Scotland. After several other observations
the Noble Lord read his remilutions, stating in sub-
stance, that itt the Acts of Parliament ionised for
the imposition of a malt duty its the )ear 1725, all
several succeeding ones, the principle had breu um.
formly recognised of imposing a duty on Scotland
only equal to half of that imposed on England.:
that flite principle had been gradually departed;
from of late years, till by an Act, 59th Geo. 111...
the whole malt duties were equalised—that the i
great amount of the existing malt tax operated
very injuriously to the agriculture and other lute-
'rests of Scotland.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER acid, that
the hareems of all parts of the empire required tlitit
the duties should be continued ou their present
.footing, with the exception of a certain modifica-
tion which lie should propose. He was ready to
admit, that at the time of the union briers-en the
two countries, and fur many years after, the
rlotrou malt made from hurley iii Scotland had
been hut une•half of that in England. But
from that principle there had been many de-
viations in distant as well as in modern times. The
Right Honourable Gentlemais then ieferred to
a slumber of years, commencing with 1713, its
which the malt duties imposed on England and
Scotland had (wets equal. lie meant to rots,'
a temporary allowance of 6d. a bushel in the col-
lection of the tax ms malt manufactured from bigg.
For the satisfaction of the Noble Lord he could
awe, that within the last three years there had
been a progressive increase in the quantity of spirits
di-tilled, and lie had reason to hope that the relief

afforded by the reduction which he prtipoted. of
the duty on bigg of 61 per buidiel, would
mate the smell distillers, and he or the greatest
advantage. AS lie could not puisibly agree with
the Noble Lord as to the diitoitrisgemriit of the
agriculture of Scotland whiCh he stated, he must
move the previous question; which the Right Fun.
Mr. Pixdd,oll oi,lw rd, the Resolution.
Lnrd A. HAMILTON toirl, that if he divided the
House it would be on this point, viz. tha► the ex-
isting duties were too hrlllll..
Sir J. MANJONINANKS complained that the
Act imposmg a.d additional duty on maili made in
Scotland, was passed at • Ixte period of the last Session
quite us/expectedly, when • great part of the Scotch Ment-
be, s had left tore. He concluded by professing tios deter-
mination to vote fur the resolution of eke Noble Lord.
Mr. KVSINIEDT hoped the Right Moo. Gcntletsinn (the
Chancellor of the Exchequer) would be billowed to Make
his proposed reduction of from 6.1. to 841. per bushel,
which would, he war persuaded, be all that could be desired.

•
Sir J. MaILIORIBAIIKS explained.
The Citasesuamt of the Excnnatint explained.
Mr flosten.t. regarded this as a measure not regarding
the partial interest of Scotlaud only, bat as one that was
called fur by every principle of jestice.
Mr. W. Siam complained that within, as he Wider-
eight Jays of the end of their Session, and after
the distillers had laid in their stocks, that such quel.
Lions should be introduced ; and he most strongly de-
precated the practice of origivatisg alteration in the taws,
of the most universal effect, at periods of SIMS/mien when"
it was inpossible to procure even • decent Mllinmianee st
Members. Although he was so averse from tido pliaglicei,
yet •it Right Hun. Gentlemen opposite (the I 1 ~agar
of the F.otehequer) was williug to give a partial retie(
Scotch 4istillirs he would out oppose it.
Mr. Kcren DOUGLAS supported the Resolution.
Lord A• IHlsmn.grig replied.
Sir Geo. CLERK said, that if the alteration from Ad. to
Sd. per bushel was not adopted, be should certainly be dis-
posed, it it were pressed to • division, to vote fur the Resu.
Winn of the Noble Lord opposite.
Qu the first and second Resolution, the previous quntion
was carried without • division ; but on the third Resolution,
expressive of the injury resulting to the agriculture of Scot-
land from the passing of the Act of sSih Geo. 111. for equal-
itsiog the ditties of the two cuutairics, the House dividdl,
when there appeared—
' ' • Fur the Resolution..... 4s
Against it

_ ____

Majority .. , lO
GRANTHAM ELEC TION.
I%e short-hand writer attending the Committee on the
Granthein Election was ordered to be called in. He read
ilk 'minute' of evidence taken haute the Committee that
after 'which,
Cannel Woreveouss rose, and spoke a few words, the
pppirt.of which could not lie heard in the gallery.
Si? Hilton thought it his duty, after the evidence'
which bad'been read, to move ikat Sir W. Manners, Bart.
lee taken into the custody of the Seljeant at Arms attend-
Use that House.
Mr. Terirrinicm moved as an amendment, that Sir Wm.
Mastbers be ordered to attend the House OU AItPUdS7 next.
Dr. PHILLISICiat opposed the amendment, as the con-
duct of Sir William Manners uas evidently intentionally
evading the orders of the House. -i•
• Mr. W. %Virile thought the present ease ought to be
visited with punishment, as, in his opinion, if it was out,
any man by shutting and herring up leis home, might evade
the Orders of that Houie, and render the whale ser their elec.
lion judicature perfectly nugatory. •• • .
Mr. Etaur PALIIIMI opposed the eannedmeut, which was
then /negatived, and the maim question carried. •
'Sir Donse'r Helton next mooed that Richard A. Jarvis
should be committed to the custody of the &vitriol at Arnim
' Lord Nikre'r hoped the House would distinguish be-
&green the parties in this case and mike some difference in
punishing the principal and ■ menial servant.
Dr. PHILLIIIMIE supported the motion.
Sir J. Macktterose said that Site present was a most
flagrant contempt of the authority of the Obese, and he
should 'epithet its motion, in order to teach all parties
either &reedy or ierliiecllconcereed, that the commands of
no person were • 'Wetland excuse for such a defiance of
their orders. The qiiiteliki wee then carried.
Sir lIMIZAT Hertelneatt moved, that Mr. Hugh Manners
be takeh into the custody of the Setjeint at Arms.
Mr. S. 'Holmes doubted whether the summons had been
properly served on this young gentleman.
Sir Roetet HERON icknowledgid the justice of the ob-
servation made by the Hon. G'eatlemau, end bad uu wish es
press the matter against This Gentleman, bOt left it entirelgi
Is the hands of the House:
A conversation thee ensued, in which *r. W. WYNN,
Me. GOULlttiee, and Dr. Purft.trecuts participated. • After
Mi. TMVPITIOnf moved, as an amendment, that Mr. Hugh
Manners be Mitered to attend thalleuse on Monday new;
vrairsetanded, and carried.
Sir 11. /I FROM then moved that Wm. Atter be taken into
the custody of the Setjeatit at Arms.
Mr. Trewietre stud, that as this mad had never come is
comic' with the persini who was to have served not with
the minions to attend the Hope, but it 'was merely a ease
of one servant denying another, he should therefore move,
as an sitienament. that Mr. Atter do • attend this House du
Monday next.
Mr. Mote opposed the amendment.
Sir JOHN NEWPoRT could not see how they could con.
sisleutly take the extreme course with this individual, after
extruding their clemency to Mr. Hugh Manners.
Mr. Stutters Douens and Alt•Rirjentit °sneer sup-
ported the amentlinent.—After some further dinesesken,Au
which Doctor Leshington, Mr. It. Smith, Sir James AlinfllY.
hod', Mr. Tennyson, and Sir Robert Heron, bore a part,y bhe
gallery was clem+d fur a division, brit ultimately we seder-
stood the amendment was agreed Si. without a divisimi. •
TITHES COLLECTION (IRELAND).

On our seinen to the gallery we found
Sir kIRNRY Paaß•tt. on his legs. He said he did not
imagine he need go much at leugth into the subject of the
colter ' of the tithes is Ireland, in order to sheer the evils
of the system prevailing theriotloieh in practice led to great
issjsostice and uppressiou. The litigation also to which it oi
gave rise was incoiceivable. In nee year there were is five f
counties no less than 1,400 tithe actions at the Quarter Set- i
sions, beanies those in the Court of Exchequer. The Hon.
Baronet that read a statement to chew that the greater part t
of the tithes in Ireland were collected fsurn very poor pet-
ions; is the sums did not exceed twenty shillings, of tomb
fifths of the prism's iu his s►atrrarut. To remedy these in- !.
conveuiencrs he meant to propose the revival of a Measure
which pared that House in 1817, to enable eeclesiistical tier- l
sous to lease their tithes, mid that was a measure to which ,
he was persuaded the Clergy were friendly, as It would oe- ,
hem them Gram the unpleasant situation so which they Were
placed. The 801 l he intruded to being is was similar to fiord bf
the year 1817, which passed that/Raise nearly unanimously,
and haul the sanction in Committee of two great mon emir
NO more (Mr. Ponsonby and Sir Samuel Itoruilly), whose:
opinions, as legal men, were, in their time, considered the'
hest authority. It was not carried through the other Horne
f..r reasons which he could not explain. It was not his In-
tention to press the 801 l through the House this &mien,
but if leave was given him to bring it in it might be pasted
throuch the first stage and printed, and the Members would
he iu possession of the meaning of the measure when they
. t
again suet.
Sir Jong NEWPORT wooed the motion, and said, that
the Bill would tit great measure reconcile the people of Ire-
land to the payment of tithes. Wish respect to the pa-
rochial clergy, f his own knowledge he could declare,
that they would hail any measure as a Breit loeuefit where
they could collect their tithes without being obliged to em-
ploy mortars, and the Bill would pat au earl to • goes-
hose which bad caused much disturbance, that of sub-
jecting articles to titbits that acre not before allocable.
He, however, thought it was necessary now to give no-
tice,
that be would, after the Mtn, bring the subject of

•
building glare houses in Ireland before the cnasisleration of
the V.Illr; Ca since alle onion of panties shire bosses
bird hero built to that extent, if the parhires should br Isere-
after divided. ibis a clew/Imam only holding a part of them,
from want ist iricome, would not be able to Occupy the

gkhe.honae.
Lord ("AMU/MAIM said Ilatt he did not rite for the per.
poor of übjersinsr to the Bill being brought in, if it was noly
intended to be iodated, and to be rot juin Members
binds at present. Be would however object to it if it went
to the computation, of tithes, and it worthl be his duty to
see lint it guard. d again.' soy fraud in 'castling leaser.
Mr. LOCKSIART, as one of the Committee Ittl the Bill in
18.17, expleined whist took place on that occasion.
Mr. C. GilaSIT said he world sot oppose the Bill bring
brought in.
Mr NeIIISAM supported the tress's'', and declared from
his own knowledge, that the Bishops in the House,
jut the year 1817, did ant oppose it.
Stir H. Pella ILLS. replied.
Leave was given to bring in the Bill.
Mr. Cl/RTIs obtained leave to being in a Bill In enable
the Comersissiu:iers of Sewers to sue and to Le seed in the

name of their S. aviary..
Mr. T.Cootteasee moved, that the chorehoarilens and
overseers of the parish of St. Andrew's, Holborn. and of
other parishes in the Comity of Middlesex, who hail slip.
obeyed the (interior the House in not making the return of
the poor rates of their respective perilig% elbstaid .attend at
the bar on Monday neut.—Ordered. ,• • a ..,. •
TOBAGO.
Lord NIIGINT Bahl he rum for the purpose of moving for
the mmespondence between the Governor bf the Island of
Tobago sud the Secretary of the eelonisl• Department,
couteming certain claws staid before that depart.
.meat et the laic Attemiey-General of Tubsto relative
to the administration of jainice in that idled. He
Ms not certain, liist lee believed 'AM Ai' oughl'fir move
an tionshia Addreste• to hie -Majesty fur Add< if Alte•
was aroag in his opinion he knew he would he put eight
by the House. He anilerelood his motion woutd•out be ob-
jected to; end if, oa the production of the papers, limbo-
present's na his salad were nut removed, be world feet it Ma
duty to fallow the subject up by calling for air inquiry Mb
tic jurisprudence of that island.
Mr. GOVUOURN said braid ant rise to oppose the meads,
but merely to slate, that the Governor of thatirlaiiii Mlle%
man well Imo*. to them alt, and whork harnanity4:rist
be doubted. The person at the head of the legal
was also well kuowu to Hann; be was the hiosher"M! She.
ilate Sir 'Arthur Pigott, a mat of great legal knowledge sad
of a most liberal mind.

• Lord NVOIIIIT explained.
Mr. Wis. Soffit was of opinion, that the motion of the
Noble Lord naiad be of great public advantage.
COMMITTEE OF SUPPLY.
The House resolved itself into this Committee, on the
motion of tbe CHANCELLOR. of the EtcHVQOER.
Lbrd Carrt.Eßeecn moved, that the sink of 12,0001. per
annum should be paid out Of the edord.lid.tnl fund, for run.
tiusiug the pensions to the weren't of hii late Majesty, as
it relent fur theilthiag
• Me. !Malta said, he aware it was most ungracions
to object Ilithie vote, hut all a precedent he eutild not agree
tu It servants (orlon( serfiees, who had' passed their best
days is lit Majeatyliitrilee, certainly were it his demise
entitled to i comprosittiols, hat thett Jutlit'lo be a line
drawn betweer theitaufillieet thatitrere oullit abort time in
his late Majoity'a serviee.
llli. Huila '
referred to the Report of the Committee on
the iituatious and salaries of the servants of the Queen, sad
the rate of peniirine'reafded. Tlie former dere 5.4001. ; the
pensions allowed 4,1001. a reduction of only utie-filth. The
Mules and pensions iti question were lead equitably adjust-
ed. Parlianicat bight •to have estimates, covering a longer
dielaner of 'time. pat into' the baud, of Members fur (sae
week at least before the allowances were to be wised, stud
torn Ministate world Sad great difficulty in carrying novo).
per greats.
Mt. W. SlatTll thought that the great officers of the
household night to be contest with the honour of serving
his Mijeety dithost 'tattling any salary. He approved of
arnoe'of Oil giants,' such' all that of Sir William Herechell,
who • bad esrat-d Ids pensive richly of fivetinadreil posed.
year: Bel 'were thirty or forty musicians retiring on
their whule'eatary of 1001. or 1301. a year, at the age of
fulay of sixty, as well entitled as Sir Win. Herschel', at
tire age of till; was entitled to the whole of his notary as a
pension? It was diagriceful to ronintold such cases ins tie
same management. He deprecated the stoppage of Mr.
West's pottiest of 3001. a year at the demise of his Isle
Majesty, I 'lase is which, to his certaiu knowledge, Mr.
West was is want of that pension. Such amities made it
a'ppear that the grails nets crintinued rather according to
fawn'sr lima desert. .% •
The CHRoceitota of the EXCHEQUER thought that Go.
vernment were iodide/ M the. liberality of Parliament on
Ike Orefield occasion, ii okohderation of the liroiutiw, which
bail been introduced isle the late Civil List Bill with re.
spud to grantiag nenefois is the hill Establishment. He
defended the gresies to the enrstaiteuf the late household, in
the grouted of the difficulty which they would have inobtaiii-
iag.uew places. He justified the allowances to use Mier
especially the page. of the back stairs, whose fidelity,
beittelity,ltiddireeroutfaeriesy, lad prevented the circulation
of dibegreetile tlarldge die long and distreesiug ma.
lady nit his late Majesty. Mr. West bad continued to receive
his allowance till the day if his death.
heetr.WILLIAm e.eoseirierisg the rate at which pension, had
settled is 'lBl9, thought that there ought to be sonic
reason given for adopting a different rate for milling the
Weseist pimiento.
' Mr. Hultistion supported the motion. As to Mr. West's
pension, be could state eargood anthovity that his late Ma•
jolty paid out of hie privy purse to Mr. Weis sot leas titan
'11,0901. o-year, aid, altogether, hail bestowed on that
gaished artist sot less than 40,0001.
After some further observations from Mr.TIIOIIIIOX and
Mr. 11Rowit,
Mr. AItIVSEINUT. Mr. lions, and Mr. Ilueßiesoo, in
explanation, the goodies was put and oirrled.. Thereither
Rewilotiosa were also agreed to.
The Report was Ilmieied to be received to-morrow.
• • THE QUEEN
Lord CASTLIIIILIIGN tottered the 'House, and moved that
a Committee eleoehlire-appoitited to inspett'the Anneals of
the Hesse of Lode, to asterfein if any measdrea, and what,
had been ado poid by their 'Lordships' Homo respecting the
Queen' and to repot to the Heine thereon.
• The Committee was appointed.
herd CA/TLansanN then said, that perhaps it would be
for the siatisfattioe of the. House to know what coarse be
intent 14 lake. la ease of the Committee reporting that
legislative measure had 'been adopter', in consideration of
the distance of time te*ertiich that proceeding might
extend,. he would trwismaresiv move the Order of the' Day fdr
the .illetioe of which be.liettl give* bailee, for the purpose of
diechargieg it.' He weld also move the reading of the Order
'of the Day fur reemining the debate on the King's 'lllessage,
Ss order to it. poelposylest.
Sir J. Nswross wished to know if the Noble Lord in.
lauded to keep the latter notion in abeyance during the*liro-
eeedinge in the Uppre Went& • • ' •"•
Lord Carrutawan said, that he was not sure that the
measure introduced in the other 'Howse would ever be
brought into the Lower House. He therefore wished, only
to paiatpuue it to a remote period, in order to give time. +
Sir M. Sultry hoped that the House would not agree
with the Noble bred. to"lfis Method of rfistiosilit of the
debate on the Ring's Maisie/I If no other Member iipinteod
it be would Wheelie eastelf the Hewn tielt.httneelf..
The other Orders of the bay were then disposed or, and
the Posse adjourned at
./IILF.PAST TWO O'CLOCK:
;

Norwich Corn. Market on Skeorday was very
thinly attended, and but little butiness wias'denk;
prices ninth *iv last week.—Ther4 was a good bhp-
ply 01 Shots and other teed 'cittle,• and a tolerable
eilnck •sale; with irttle alteration io prices. "The
Sile4,:peus wore will fiflett Woo!' or the hilt.
bred kind, fur combing, continue' tip ladvit4e;
prices 565. to 58s. ; and short Ntirlblit Setif/100*o
335. to 38s. per toils


. -
MINORITY
. . ..
OX MK. KUMA.II SlOllOll /OR A MORK VCO‘ANICAL
AIMIAKCIANICOS IN TUE COLLACTIoN or Tut litralitia:
•
Allinmp. Vise. Renate. Alderman Riearrlo, O.
Asias, Him. G. Hamilton, LAM A. B.4mrso, A
•
noel/hey, Sir J. F. liarhord, lion. t. Roli.iris. Gemse
Parroted, Vise. Illeirdtentr, G. Itatirisra.„ Si. I::
lis,reit, .1. M. . Hera.. Sir R. . Ryeley. 8.. lb • ,
Reavatoni. T. P. Hill, Lord A.. Rea.. 11, Lord GW.
Worm, Oen. Flotthouse, J. C. Smith, flea K.
81e/1141. R. Henywooil, W. P. IlnistisiJi.her
Hardest. bir F. Jareise, CP. Sitriiii; Als.l
Hairy, Vibe. t.aiggsleis, J. 11. Smith. 4.m.
Ovid. George I.tilkion, R. Semi. It, Jose.,
bright, Ores, Leugthen, J. G. Seedamaie, It.
CAigliet, P. Latogiclis, R. Sweatt' ' tV.
Culls(', John Lodiers, Sly W. 144/1141, Lord 41
Cslersfi, J. H. Lloyd, Sir 8 Sykes, U. ..s."
Calvert, C. !Ashen..tun, S. Treness fie, .14britfl.
Campbell, Hoe. J. Illalwrti, Jobe Tia#,C A: - -.4-,
Cbasnberlaytte, W. • Alaberly, W. L. Tyuie, Close.
Cliff Vr ,R. S. Illsr.leil•IJ, .1. Tossigliesn!, I..ied r.
°trier, J. sinitllltllool. Sir J. Taw 'sleek, - Wit,. Is(
Chao*, Vise. Maie, lien. W. Trerney,.Rt.-MlielF. ,
Coffin Sir I• Maack, J. R. Wynn, C. W. ..•
DeCr:origny,SirW. Ofuote. Peke Whitmore, Wr'
Deem R. 41. • Nearer., Rt. Hun. Webb', IW. •
Demmer, Wm. .Sir J. 'Viisi wit. Joliet
Deanna, Thos. O'Grady. S. It lit i bres4, lt'
I)antaanee, Vise. tYCillaghaii, .1. Williams, T. I'. •
Fitzgerald, Lard W. Osborne, Lord F. Wilion, Sir yubt.
Feisserald, Right Palmer, C. P. %'l ilson, Thomas
Hee. 11/. Petrel!, Sir 11. Wyslll, N.
IFitzroy, Lord C. Peirce, H. -..—.4
Grant, J. P. Pesch, Hon. Wes. I itt.bipvi. •
Oreltegga, J. RG. Fryer, I'. • Hungry I. .••
Gnaitls, J. W. Pyrex, F. ensile OsulbrWill.
Gabe, Sir W. Roomy, sir A.

1:14.11, 1)11,KSSI
-t

• LONDON,,
THURSDAY. JuLt 6. ibid.

THE QUEEN.

The proceedings which took place yestecallje
evetsistg to the House of Lords were extremely ,
lerestiing. The Earl of LiTERPoot, in poisuarle
of his notice, introduced his threatened' Phil oglinkt
her Majesty the Qt.:Eve. It recapitulates' fl.•
charges urged against the QUEEN in the Report'. t
the Secret Committee, but repeats them with' ~,t*
course more precision and accuracy, and sr-clies
the individual with whom her MAJESTY is slicked
to have formed on adulterous connexion to be ile
Bayou BERGAINI, whose name liars unhappily for
some • been but too familiar kJ the'publice%The
Bill then proceeds to degrade her NlAJtiTir frosts
her rank and station to QfiEEtt, and' disitstees'illie
marriage subs;sting between her idol hef 'Roitil
Illustrious Consort the KING. The Bill wad read
a first time, and on the motion of the Earl hf
LiTEiteoot. • copy of it wits ordered to he pre.
rented forthwith to the QUEEN by the Gentleman
Usher of the Black Rod, and 'also to her MAJEITI I
Attorney and Solicitor•Geoeral, and to his Ma-
JEITY'S Attorney-General. We Presume that the
QUEEN, upon receiving the BM, will immediately
cruse a Petition to be presented•to tl4 House of
Lords, desiring that her counsel might be heard at
the bar to apply for time, stud certain facilities in
procuring the attendance of witnesses on her be..
half, which will of course be grinted, and soma
distant day appointed, probably in September next,
fur commencing the public investigation of 111.•
painful and important subject.
Previous to the introduction of the Bill :ester.
day evening Lord DAUM presented a Petition froin
the QUEEN. desiring that her counsel might be
immediately hearll at the bar, for die purpose, resit
in this early stage of the procrediog, of suggestiti4
some circumstances, which; is her MAJESTY was ed.
wised, were essential toward's
.her future defence.
Trtis humble request was, however, refused, be.
cause, forsooth, her MaJNIITY must, as their Lord.
ships held, be presumed .to be profoundly ignorant
of a Report of a C tuittee, which was known to
the whole-metropolis, and to a considerable part
iortEsigland. and the fame of which is at this mo.
omit spreading its army as rapidly 'over the surface
of the globe in' eveifairecitiod as it is possible for
Lases 'and ships to etWiiiiit. Ii was even declared
that if the QuaeSi could be supoused to be ap-
prised of the contents of digit Report, it would be
writhing short of a surrender of the whole coniii-
tuition of Parliament I-This Oblefliati9ll was
ac-
tually cheered by the Howse, Is it not extraordi-
nary that Men who are hi other matters endowed
with good resist and discretion should So gross!v
violate every priuciple 'of ordinary understand.
trig •hen they come to steal with forms and
lictiono It. is a principle of law with which
their Linclehips are, 110 doubt, familiar, that iill
SetiGii it" etiet 'Proitice,' except icr
the flintier-B'l;ft Of' itatice.;• aa jet upoli a point
'where 'The ticAsdisr cif i QUEEN. and still more
where 'the judicial character of the country is
concerned, the House of Lords would rather eds-
..
bete to an abused ticiioo, namely, that the pub; e
know nothing oT what posses its their Lorrislisy•
House, than 'grant a slight iodulgenee to is Issetso
accused, and that person their suppli'ant QUELIL—•
With regard to this fiction, which Pieedifiii. the
sgisorassee of the public, and rehicii•intketl
pie-
vaila iu 'both Mums of Parliament, we may •he
permitted to remark that it is of cothpatativOly
mo-
Bern chute, and is inconsistent with a touch More
important principle of oar common law, *filch' pre.
stunts that every man io the state is iseqoastitell
with the Acts of the Legislature on the very account
of their being posited. In the early •*rioels'irT Ime
f~iitury•Pidiattieste anti lioltlitf in id iiry 'pot:bc
manner; at Coarls 'or Justice 'slow isle, iisti tie
people weie slot wily adulated, so far as cuovet.i.

P!
