;owed round he the Constitution, when properly
etintiteirt•r,ll.—(App/ause.) •
M- WlTllt.lllTutd th-comirti the Ressolutions.
fie said lw woos uu.r of Mr. Calvert's Cumettittee.

us e,l of rourbe a friend to the georrolcon.te of free-

dolt. The votes of Mr. Calvert had always been
c 1).4'11'1*ton:11, and with 11w addition of each a man
as Sir Richert Wils ot. their fitment:lion would
1w complete. ever the people were to obtain it, it
mild Iw by constitay io Ail exertions without the walls
s.f Parliament. firs they may as well expect sunshine
at willauric t, as that the House of Commons would
moor tself.—(Applasere.)—The electors had now
an tor. °nuttily of avowing their principles, by sup-
porting Sir R. %Villain aid Mr. Calvert.—(Ap-
Osum)—He concluded by warning them against
g sing a second vote to Mr. Barclay, who hard hi-
therto acie.i as if the Borough was a firetiold coot of
laugh, and cries of What a joke !"1-11.
the Borough did not rescue itself from its thraldom,
it would deserve to have fetters of tenfold weight
forged for its perpetual slavery.—(fireat applause.)
The Revolutions were then put seriatim, and car-
ried minsiimouely—that which set forth Mr. Bar-
clay's having forfeited the confidence of the Electors
was see-reed with loud acclamations.
Sir R. Wit.son then race, slid returned thanks
in a speech of great eloquence and energy. He
comma raced by saying, that if the poorest act a
man dial deserved thanks, how then must 1w ac-
kirofelealge the large and weighty favours he had
received from the Elector. since he had wade his
•opearance among them—if he failed in that
homage with which lie wished to confess the &oh-
gamma he ow. d them, they might at least be as.
scared he was riot deficient in the laugunge of the
heart. —(4pptraise.)—lt was now inure than two
months since they placed the cause of iiideperid-
ence in his handv. When he first came sruotig
them there were some who dreaded the weight
of ministerial power, and the influence which
a great establishment in their urighbour-
hood gave his opponent ; but as he went,
this great appearance of hostility gradually disap-
;reared. The rampart which overehadoweal their
brighter prospects fell to the ground like the en-
chanted castles in a play—the great guns which ape
Inured shout to play on Mein, were either dis-
mamma or turned against their original possessors
—(4pOiassars).—Hia politics were before them. Ile
was one al. those Eliglishinen who thought that
Government was instituted for the protection and
rood of tlw governed, and not for their bane or op-
prrssion. He was one of those Englishmen who
shuddered at a Council Board sendiug forth such
ruffians as Castle, and Oliver, and Reynolds, to
instigate suffering and deluded individuals to crime,
and then to horny them—(Great applause)—lli
vain would the defender of such acts say, he was a
'Amon of charity and a friend to the poor, when all
his measures tended to fill the ranks of the poor,
amd conduce to the oppression unit misery of the
country. .1 his was not the treatment which the
people of England deserved from the hande of their
ulers sled Representatives. They had all heard
of the !Alan King who. after a victory. was ad-
dressed by the captives in there worsts If you
are a merchant, sell us; if you are a slaughterer. airy
tie; but if you area King, make us happy." Such
language should always he held to poser; but the
people of England were by their constitution ern-
,powered to demand freedom and liberty from the
hand. of the Legislature. They were by stature
freemen, and let their conduct now justify that
great irrovilege.—(Applense.)—The real treason
was tart committed by those representatives who
dared In 'obvert the fundamental rights of the
people.—(Applawse.)—His Committee hail been
called a Jacobin one—if they were Jacobins, who
struggled to revert to those principles which made
this country as unfit for the reception of slavery. as
nature was said to have made Ireland for the pro-
pagation of reptiles, then he avowed himself
sr Jacobin in this sense, and gloried in the name.
Ile had been exposed to much detraction in the
Ines- tit contest.—(Cries of 44 Yes, but from
whole ?")-11 lie hail ever been guilty of corm's..
Lion, or calumny, directly or indirectly. their
let them strive lusts frost, the hustings. as they
would p men infected with a leprosy. But if, on
the contrary, he had 'from his boyhood been the MI.
compromising advocate of libel ty and the &OW,
Constitution, to the injury of his awn fortune and
self-interest—if Le had exposed his head to the
axe, and his body to a dungeon, in the cause of
liberty, then lie thought lie had some claim to the
suffrages of freemen.—(l.aud and ettutimied pica-
dits.)—The gallant Candidate conclk tied by saying,
th..t la hail a thousarid tones exposed his life fur
Iris country ; hut his politics threw him from the
(limier of untairaiiig those rewards which other men
of more heeding principles would lave been too
sure to have received in the course of their career.
He added, diet his cameras embraced Mr. Calvert
as well irs himself, and he cosijured the Electors to
persevere in this cuirjoint struggle.—(Great ap-
plause.)
Thanks were then voted to the Chairman, who,
in uckaoaledging this favour. said, thAt the pro-
Miser now in favour of Robert Wilson exceed-
ed, by upwards of 500, those that had been given
to his opposietit.
The Mrrimg then separated after giving three
cheers to Sir K. Wilson. as he withdrew.

MR. INWCROFT.
-.6:-.

Vestenlay • Meeting of the friends of Mr. Row-
Croft. was at die London Tower'', pursuant to
• Requisition from that Gentleman, for the pur-
pose of determining him to retire, or to persevere
in offeling himself as r Cand,dete to represent the
City of London in Parbament.
T.o. Choir sus, according to advertisement, to be
taken it halt-pest twelve—at that time, however,
My. itowcaorr told the Gentlemen imembied,
the Colonel Wilson wits iu an adjoining room,
tardy to take the Chair, but retreated that he
blight he isidolged with a delay of half an 111111 T.
Mr. Rowcrott et th, seine time stated, that if there
tippeartil in the room any gentieinati more proper
to till the Chair, Colonel Wilson was ready to give
place to him.
No symptom of opposition appearing to Colonel
Wilwia's wishes, that gentleman took the Chair at
one o'clock, "WI informed the Meeting, that Mr.
itowcroft had felt himself pledged by Ins advertise-
ment, cud the priuciple of discharging a public

duty, to submit to his friends among the Livery of
Looilou, whether it was agreeable to them that,he
should contiuue to solicit their support and interest
at the approaching election, or to Yield in deference
to Candidates inure the ohjects of their choice than
himself. That at his regent he had taken the
Chair, mid was ready to receive any suggestion
from any gentleman !fleawort, on the course proper
to be pursued by Mr. Roweroft.
No person presenting himself to the notice of the
Chair--after • short pause—
Mr. Rowcaorr rose and said, that be was very
ill prepared to address so large an amembiujsis
voice was much impaired by the exertions Al/fri-
day ; but he would not be deterred by any circum-
stances from delivering his sentiments or' the object
for which they were net. Mr. It. then alluded to
the features of the present time—the dissolution of
Parliament, and the commencement of the poll for
the City of London on Tuesday morning (this day).
The resignation or Sir James Shaw struck him with
the idea, that there was then a waut of some candi-
date who well understood the interests of this great
City, to represent it in Parliament. He expressed
what lie thought to certain gentlemen; they con.
curred with him, but referred him to others. He
should observe every form that delicacy required,
arid mention no names ; but the result of his con-
ference* with men of the highest respectability—the
strongest interest—the soundest discretion—arid of
all parties was—that us they could not find united
all the qualifications requisite to form an eligible
representative for 1. Imp, they should look for
immeshing as near them as might be, tool this,
accomparsied by such favourable expressions of
reguid and approbatiors for liirsurelf as might seem
sufficient to induce him to offer himself as a
Candidate. •Ilint though he had received such
ussurasices of support MI the evening of Sa-
turday Wariright, in hopes that a more worthy
Candidate might come forth, he had postponed
submitting Ins pretensions to the Livery till the
very latest hour, till Friday last ; and tall lie bed
entered the room nn that day, he had not been
aware that *soother (7andidate had started for the
City of London. When he came, he heard of the
Meeting of the friends ofMr. Wilson, which at first
threw his council into a little consternation arid
coolness. But he hail previously applied nut only
to Gentlemen of the Livery, hut to various other
interests, whirls required representation in the cous-
ell of the nation, perhaps equally with the former ;
and it was the approbation of them that he thought
he could otter himself to the Livery with the
greater confidence. He was once well known to
the Livery ; now he had aro influence. On all
political points, and on the preterreions of the other
Candidates, he should not say out word. He
should also abstain horn saying any thing of himself.
He took it for granted they knew who he was, or
he should not see them there. No words could
confer on 11101 a title to their favour, if he did nut
indeed possess it. If they elected a man to repre-
seirt then, in Parliament, with whose character they
were unacquainted, they should abuse the most
sacred duty. and the noblest !privilege the Consti-
tution intrusted them hear.)—
On Friday, one condition had been voluntarily
made to him—that be should be returned free of
expense. 'flie other Candidates ought to have
come forward earlier ; for himself, lie had not met
with one refusal, hut much micouragenieut. The
But thing he had ever meddled with was the origi-
nal Volunteer Cavalry; oo that subject he had 24
years ago held conferences with the late Mr. Per-
es eel, Mr. Vansittart, and the Doke of Montrose.
They used in that time of difficulty and danger
commence and continue business at I is later
than people hurl slow a conception cf. This morn-
jug a 114 of his humble services to the public lead
beer' !sit into his hand ; lint lie should refrain
from detailing them to Geritleinsis press-10.-
11e was contented and pleased that Mr. Wilson
had been pitched upon from mere necessity. He
would be glad to see more candidates appear ; then
they might not de-v*4 of their country. lie was
not pleased with the conduct of the Livery of
London. They seemed to be by no means alive to
the importance of the duty that now devolved upon
them. lf, in the accideirts inseparable from elec-
tions, Sir Wen. Curtis should ever be thrown out
of his seat, and that their favour should have raised
him to one, he should be at all times ready to resign
it to him. *f his public appeal was forced upon
him as upon Mr. ‘Vilsoir ; rt depended on them
to return either or both. The opinion of that
Meeting (more numerous and respectable than he
could have expected) should determine hint to
curry on the contest, or to be ut sea in a few
day* on • different duty. Had not the wind
blown constantly (rota the East for the last
thirty-eight days be should now be in the Northern
Ocean. He had appeared, originally, only iu the
general resilience of all others. lie believed it was
not extent or want of abilities; that raised and sunk
empires like ours, but integrity, independence, and
industry—or their opposites. If the Gentlemen he
addressed were favourable to hint, and they thought
themselves a sufficient representation of the City
ref London, lie 'should at once resolve out persever.
ing ; hut lie entreated them to stud him into Par-
!lament, riot for his own sake, which the partiality
of friends might tempt them to do, but for the
public good—to be deliberate and cautious with
respect to Imp, and careful and sender of them-
selves.

Mr. Roweroft having retired—
The CHAIRK•Y said, he should be obliged to
any Gentleman for an expression of his opinion, or
to favour him with • Resolution. for the purpose
of collecting the sense of the Meeting.—No one
appearing at this invitation, the Chairman himself
read it Resolution, stating that the Meeting ap-
proved of Mr. Rowerult as a Candidate to repre-
sent the City of London, and the determination of
the Liverymen present to support him; and added
that if it was the pleasure of the Meeting he should
put it. This being signified, the Resolution was
put; a great iliew of hands appeared in favour of
it, and but one against it.
The one dissentient Gentleman, in holding up his
hand against the Resolution, Said, that he was tht
true blend of Mr. Rowcroli.

Two other Resolutions were then put,aud carried
unanimously.
The Chairmen said, it wag now hia duty to cum•
municate what had been done to Mr. Rowcroft—
(Applause)—Jrul retired fur that purpose.
Mr. ROWCILUFT again came forward, amid much

- _$
- --'I t-q ---
