1

levee. confess, that be had still a weight on his
...Mind concerning the loss which might be sustained
'by the Abolition. He had not the mama of knowing
'what injury would ensue from it ; but if there was
. likely to be any injury,he would ask whether it would
not arise frutu the circumstance of the parties them-
selves not having turned their minds to the subjea,
and prepared for an Abolition ? Instead of that,
they had been, ever since this question WAS first in-
troduced, been employing the whole of their time in
contriving, by every means of chicanery, every mean
Ity which the Abolition could be prevented. It was
irsdalst, therefore, that the Planters had not availed
lbethselves of the time allowed them, to take such
*ens as would obviate the immediate mischiefs
=to ensue front the abolition, and if as mis-
did ensue, it must be their own fault. For his
own pan, whatever the consequences might be, he
would never tolerate the abominable praltices carried
en Open the coast of Africa. Let the natives of that
smatry be the most senseless and barbarous of all
human beings, nothing could justify the pranks of
akin and carrying them into slavery. The plant-
''u
wes the West Indies must have known that such
• ' would not be tolerated ; they must have
wn, that once-the question had bee* agitated in
the Legislature of the country. standing higher, is
point el freedom and intellect, than any other in the
world; it never would bone been lost until the dr
lect was accomplished. Whatever the prejudices and
*crests of some might lead them to think is favour
of the trade, and of the probability of its continu-
ance, let them ask themselvesin their closets, wise-
, thee the question would not be agitated again ana
Wain. until it was carried? He could not see how
dui circumstance of the government of Jamaica,
having a difference with the Assembly of the Island,
ecreld be an argument in favour of the conbnu-
ante of the Slave Trade ? Hiving sat 20 years in
that House, more as an observer than a speaker, he
had taken notice of the pan which a Right Hon.
' Gentleman opposite to him (Mr. Pitt) always took
la discussions relative to the Slave Trace ; and he
'said not conceive why that Right H. n. Gentle-
...no at all times so warm as advocate for the abo-
linen of the Trade, could have used, towards nb-
Mirs Bill for the abolition. the same inSuence
he painted on ether subjoins, in the course
elf $s Imo& laborious, and useful administration.
Wad such laftwu been used, be had no doubt but
the question would have been carried long ago. It
Fvery clear that his Minds did not vote with
'Upon the whole, he assuidered this trade to
Woman, cruel. and dishonest; and as that sa
new he would vote foe the abolition of it.

Mr. mniugu, in explanatiol . said, his ohm.
yeti= relative en the difference between the Gorier.
*sr and the Meow* ef Jamaic., relesied to the
wish of the former ho alleblish a Black Corps,
which the latter would net *ousel UN

Mr. BARHAM saidi it was evidently onjest to
cony an this trade s and consequently, no course
but one tionsained for that House to pursue,
namely, that of asked); the Trade. The only
&Beatty was as to the mode of doing it. As
to the losses likely to be sustained by many
persons in consequence of the abolition, if a
case •could be made out, the parties must un-
questionably have a compensation. For his osys
part, he thought very little compensation would be
required. But. such as it was, the principle could
sot be departed from.
Sir RODER. f BUXTON, in answer to the allu-
sion made to Mr. Pitt, declared that that Right
lion. Gentleman had always been serious in his
owatition to the Slave Trade ; and bad been one
of the most able champions for the abolition. It
couldbe no imputation on him, that be had not
been joined by all his friends r for, during the de-
bates hitherto, it was merely a question of opinion,
in which the Cabinet could not interfere. Now it
was certainly become a political subject; and be
wished it had been considered sooner in that light.
Mr. DENT said, that everhing hitherto done
sheered the imprafticability 4 abnlisbiag the trade,
as well as the absurdity of improving the condition
of the Aftieans. Every attempt to erase negroes
is Sierra Loose had completely failed ; and if the
wade was aow to be abolished, Government should
, amides whothr it was worth while to attempt any
Mew =squats ta the West buries. They would be
of se valve, for they could not be cultivated with-
out Imported negroes. If the stories told by the
pinup; advocate for the abolition had stood un-
ouneediaelb lbw Weed the trade might be opposed
ms the ewe of husumfity._vlr.Not than Marred
M die leery said by Mr. Wilberkwee in April 1792.
abaft Captain /Limber the trial of that =fortunate
mon on a charge of having znerdered a slave in his
ship, and his acquittal. The whole was unfounded
but iq ceas..quence of the man being apprehended
and brought to uialrive but about 3,0001. of pro-
per/0o proving his inaocenste, sad he had not
limo recovered that lass, If the trade was abolished,
s eery large cosagsbaisa newt be made to persons
far their losses : and when it was considered, that
the accounts of 16 dN u 111 Wag Indian produce
ewiisg ee the etas in whisk the lase Minutes& lset
the country, were not yet made gbe hoped the
Hesse would not proceed any farther in this Bill
fur the present. The present situation of St. Do.
rocaad the medal of General Dessalines, were
reason agehist adopting this measure. He
was sore the agitation of the question would do a
peat of mischief.
M Mr. LBERFORCE rose to reply to the seve.
ral objeAions made to his statements. He first
documents to show that be was correa in
asserting thee the Negroes in pis= in Jamaica had
double the food allowed to Negroes in some other
islands. He did not ewe that the subjects of Capt.
Klaiber would have bon spin brought forward.
As that person had undergone a trial, and stood
aciptited b 7 the verdicts of a jury, he did not chuse
to state all he knew upon the subjeft, in which his
new was introduced. All he himself had. done in
the-business was, to take those persons, whose testi-
mony convinced him of the truth of what he
mentioned, before magistrates, with whom it
remained to acquire into the fat as they thougbt
proper. They were also convinced that Kimber
ought to be put upon his trial; and a Grand Jury
itherwaish ii,und a Bill against him. To the evil-
': dente that went in .rapport of the main charge, no
contradin'..n whatever was given. The acquittal
raq, iu consequence of certain assertions made use
ia by the witnesses, and winch were the main oh-

THE BRITISH P ESS.

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY, Juni IS.

The majority in favour of the Minister in the
House of Commons on Monday night, has been
relied upon by his friends as a proof of increased
strength ; but a little consideratioe will chew the
fallacy of their hopes and the error of their specu-
lations. The Majority on Friday was 40. viz.
221 to 18 1. Of the Members who voted upon that
night 65 were Members returned by Ireland, in
which number 49 were for the Minister and 16
against him. If these 65 Irish Mashers be de•
dated front the Wide Donebee doe voted, Mr.
Par would ba►s had 11017 $ Majority of 7.

This then is the true standard by which to measure
British feeling and British spirit towards Mr. PITT.
IfenCe we may tolls& the sense of the people 'of
England. To the anion with Ireland, Mr. PITT
owes more than three.fourths of his Majority on
Friday night, The circumstances of his Majority
on Monday, if narrowly examined, will be
found still more discouraging to his liope!s.
The numbers were 219 to 169, Majority 50.
Now, although this Majority be 10 greater than
that of Friday night, it may be observed, that
Mr. Pi ris numbers were 3 less, and yet he made
every possible exertion to muster his whole strength,
and reckoned in his ranks, the two Roses, Mr.
CANNING, Mr. WK. DUN /I AS, Lord DuNLo, and
several others, who, from various reasons, could not
vote on Friday. The Minister, th refare, instead of
gaining, has, in fa&, lost ground. On the otter
hand, although the Minority mustered twelve less
than on Friday, this deficiency can be explained in a
manner that shews no real diminution of strength.
It is a faa, that in the Minority of Monday, 19
Members voted who were not present on Friday, and
that nine or ten who voted on Friday, and whose
consistency is unquestionable, were shut out on Mon-
day; the division having taken place at an earlier
hour than was expelled. In this number were Mr.
Cone, of Norfolk, Sir J. ASTLEY, Mr. BAGEN A LL,
&c. We may, therefore, presume that the defi-
ciency on Monday night was only apparent, and
that the division,which is expelled to take place upon
the motion for bringing up the Report of the Bill on
Thursday, will prove that the Opposition have rather
gained than lost strength.

Two Hamburgh Mails have arrived, with Papers
to the 2d, but their contents are of no importance.

We have also received Paris Papers. The most
important article of their contents is the trial of the
Conspirators. In our last page will be found a con.
tinuation of the proceedings.

Yesterby moraing, about ten o'clock, the Loan
ASCE4I.O It had An audience of His Maass ry.

In the evening, about six o'clock, Their "ati sses-
TIES, in a post chariot, and the Princesses ELIZA-,
seru, SOPHIA, and APARLI A, and the I)ukeof KEsT,
took an airing in the neighbourhood of Blackheath.
Yesterday, soon after one o'clock, the Itt;“tatt
AMBASSADOR had an audience of Loan HAR-
ROWS!, at his Office.
Yesterday. at three o'clock, a Canines Council was
held at Lord Haanowar's vrh;ch WAS at-
tended by the Duke of PORTLAND. Mr. PITT, the
AfasTka of the Ros.s.s, and several others.

Yesterday, a Court of Aldermen was held
at Guildhall, at which were present, the Lord
Mayor, 13 Aldermen, the Recorder, Sheriffs, and
Mr. Town Clerk.

The Court, after minutely inspeaing the returns of
the Mealweighers, ordered the price of bread to be
continued the same as last week, viz. right-pence
halfpenny the qt.artern loaf wheaten, and seven-
pence household.
Eleven persons were sworn into the office of bro-
kers, and twelve gentlemen were allowed of till
next Court.

The Court eleßed by scrutiny the following per-
sons to be the Rulers of the U.:mermen and Lighter-
men's Company—John Hawes, George Tatton,
Francis Theodore Haye, Lightermen, Benjamin
Spencer, George Sloat, Daniel Opie, David Wil-
ton, William Chapman, Thomas Blackstone, Tho-
mas Sloat, and William Loft, Watermen, for the
year ensuing.
A Dividend of 2 per Cent. Orphans' Stock, due
the .sth July next, wasordercd to be ;mid on the 9th.

The Thanks of the Court were voted to the Rev.
John Perrin, M. A. for his excellent Sermon preached
on the first Sunday in Trinity Term, before his
Lordship, Judges, Aldermen, Sei-jeants at Law,
Sheriffs, and City Officers, and ke was desired to
print the LIMO.
The several tradesmen's bills, pensions, &c. were
ordered to be pail

Letters from St. Peter.hurgh, of the 15th May,
mention that the RUSSIAN liVeeloi wason the eve
of setting out for Revel, to inspea there the ItussiAn
fleet.

Bort AAAAA civil list will be augmented t.)
twenty-five millions of livrcs. Each of the i rcnch
Princes is to have three millions, and each et the
six superior officers of State one milliJn yearly.
The Admiral who succeeds in makin; a landing in
England will be made a Grand Admiral.
The English Captain WRIGHT, who brought
GEORGES over to France, is in the Temple.
Among persons destined to occupy die principal
places in the French Court, Maw: is to be the
Gra..d DI irshal of the Court, and Cautirtcot a r the
Grand Master of the Horse. The ancient families
of Lull' NES, TREMOVI L LE. VANOUTON, LA VEL.
MONT MUKIMC V, &c. are all to be offered great
offices in the Imperial Court.

A letter from the Banks of the Maine, May !G,
says, " Aceordinz to accounts from Paris, the Rub-
d'Airtiais has freq conferences with
the Perikesch4iiit au% have a reference
to the YU die Rhine, kr. It is said
that ea saplieit ea that subj.& has been seat
to St. Petersburgh, end that the Trench Cabinet is
envie* in drawer op a Deslaratioa to be sent to
Ratisbon,aad laid Ware the Ditch thisDeibiration,
proofs, it is said, will be adduced, that it was in-
dispensably tweessery foe the French Oweernment
to pin as end to the plots of a ameba' of Conspira-
tors in EDO* pay, who wens assembled on the
extreme coulless of Frames, by the meet of the
principal persons move thaw T• this Declara-
tion are added estrads beat die ppersisead spas
thrao
