ed ;
kbegeseees,
en of

rfnrmed►

r
lie with
produr

MOH
_
LLA ROSFABEI
•aIAT'

gnirrn, _
strulauni, &c.

kreteed,
Pm n•-
IV!

iqg ,
gn

visitmg
an of r

leutufot
Taring Ir
Nit P*

as

llffewit
Lilt

r D._
.ledge

Woo.
rst

votth
, it
Mr.

and
.:__

at .
Oise,
id

Her.

aiece.
bad
Dd

INTELLMENCE.
IF cHANCERT, Nev. 19.
OPERA HOUSE.
&seceder of nOYI.O, a. TATIOII.
. moved his Lordship, that the
cause should be removed from
management of the Opera House k
.der of the Court he should be re-
interfering in it ; and that it might be
Master to appoint some proper and fit
the duties of that situation, under
ty the Court. The Plaintiff, in this
4xecutor of Mr. Gould, who, in eon-
, certain deed executed between hies
the year 1503, became a joint
theatre. In consequence of a
, the right of managing the con-
vent House was confided to Mr.
life. On his decease, by the same
right devolved on the Defendant.
Manager of such a concern was
interest, involving a variety of attive
requiring, in their exercise, great skill.
Id caution. '1 o this situation, on the
Gould, the Defendant succeeded ; bet
tom inditipositioo or the pres.ure of
circumstances, or from what other
' incapable of giving that personal
e Opera House, without which it vas
him to disch;rge, with care and
ditties of his situation. This inference
mere supposition ; it was positively
' of Mr. Waters, and was telly
that of Mr. Kelly, who, for a
, had been intimately acquainted
and trans:awns of this theaire.—
ot 104 upon their depositions alone,
admitted in the affidavit of the De-
admitted that the office of Manager
the utmost care, assiduity, and
1w might have been absent when
necessary ; but that he was now
of init.:ling the various duties
him by that office. In answer to
the affidavits of the Plaiet.ff and
• assert, that personal attendance is
a Manager, that the Defendant did
pr -onal attendance, and moreover,
of circumstances, he is incapable
of cuurse unable to pertorm the
of that management. which he has
this conclusion the affidavit of Mr.
and Mr. Kelly has deposed, that dur-
season Mr; Taylor attended at that
ore than three times, except on a Sun-
this *lntone from the theaue, and
dereliction of his .duties as a bia:
fendabt has eudeavoured to excuse
consequence of an unileasaut inter-
, alleges took place between him and
.t March, in which ha was menaced
al viotenee by that geinleitto, and next,
ondersicod from a coo:lacuna' timid of use
was his intention to arrest him
:0,0001. a sum of money not at all
Defendant. '1 he animosities of these
whatever cease originating, or how
se not the questions for the cansider:.
Court. By the deed of NOS, Mr.
a joint proprietor in that concern,
eepreeesionive bad a right to appeal to data
:Eton from the miaow; area which
Jai having its managem nt solely and
:aininitted to the Defendant. It was
Court to perceive that the het was,
was rendered incapable of attend-
necrssary manner to the duties of the
he first point was, to consider whether,
covisions of the deed of 1103, where the
caution. and assiduity, so necessarily ,
duty of principal Manager, n ere
stated. the confidence placed by the
the outer, was nut purely personal ?
personal confistituce Was centerni,lated,
did not follow that personal attendance
• on the Manager, without all* power,
;ate his right of maitagement its any
No other culisttigtion could he pm
It barely gave the eachtsive ma-,
, Mr. Gould for his life, then it was to.
upon the Defendant f but there was not a,
throughourtfip setitite, to authorid• in Mr.,
the cielegation.of his trust to a third person:
admitted, even by the Defendant' IttraSOlf4
, give the personal attendance !len
and others swore to.benecessaty."lse
allow the right of delegatiott; and,
. a Manager who is unable to attend.,
no power to appoint, it was the duty
of these _ had an creative property in this con-
(*Takao apply to the Court for the appointment of a
pegym..ia whom the management might be safely 1
The incapability of Defendant to attend
' swo:R m the affidavit of Mr. Waters;
has deposed, that during the last
not attend at gm theatre more than
:Lept on a Sunday.
2.n•mastton—`. If it should be my
appoint a person to menage the con-
Theatre, my first order to him will be,
io,oa any pretence, shall be suffered to
house at any hour or dunng any part of
-ANCOI resumed—There was also in
1801, a restriftive clause, that neither
engage or dismiss any agent, •servant,
witlsout•the ascertained joint concur-
Yet, twee Mr. aylor. on the death
re-assumed the management, this re-
entirely disregarded persons were
1 new contrails made with others,
concurrence of Mr. Waters, the repre-
Mr. Gould. The late treasurer, Mr.
the stage-manager, Mr. Kelly, were
, without any alleged complaint, or any
,ed or implied concurrence of the Plaintiff.
was appointed in the place of Mr.
Xelly, at a large salary, not only without the con-
sent, but against the wishes of Mr. Watets. 'l-hat
Gentleman would not agree to the appointment of
Mr. D'Egville: for two reasons—First, because that
person had been formerly dismissed from that situ-
next, being the lesUet-master, at DI ury-
mote than probable that the duties of
situations would interfere n ttlt each other.

..


•
ft was the duty of a Manager to sign all bMs pre.
vious to thole jatptirlasions,,bat .since the elf* de•
vblved upon the Defendant.: be had withheld his
signature, and the result wits attended with very
improper effefts. The Plaintiff. in this cause, also
applied to the Court. as being• a mortgages, ID a
large amount, upon the moiety of the Defendant in
this Theatre. The Court was aware, that being a
mortgagee, under an equitable right. where the
legal estate was outstanding, he had not those
legal remedies, which, in other cases. were resorted
to. He had, therefore, coming into this Court, to
apply for the appointment of a receiver, and it was
the sanftioned custom not to consider such an ap-

. ,
plication, upon the motives or reasons of the party.
but upon the general and joint welfare of all those who
were concerned in the step. taken to secure the
prosperity of the property. upon which they respea-
ively had claims. Therefore, as well upon the
grounds of incapacity in the Defendant to perform
the duties of the office of Manager, as upon the
right, which, as a mortgagee. under an equitable
title. the Plaintiff has, so apply for a receiver, he has
felt it his duty to make the present application to
the Court.
Mr. H ART followed on the same side, an; stated,

that the Plaintiff made Ibis application under the
conviflion, that it a proper case was made out.
the Court had a right to interpose. The Plaintiff
applied in two capacities, both as a joint owner.
with a full claim to the rights of partnership ; and
I
next, as a mortgagee. uader an equitable ri ht,
having a security upon the moiety of the Defeo ot
in this Theatre, arising out of a deed execute by
Mr. Taylor in the year 1804, in consequence of the
tom of 3,7001. being lent to him by Mr. Gould.
. • Tlte Loco CH a ircat.toa asked whether any
thing had been done under a clause of the deed of
1901, which provided, that when any dispute,
either uppn the duties of the Manager, or the
engagement of Performers, each party should
name an arbitrator, and that their award should be'
made a rule of the Court of King's Bench t This,
his Lordship said, was a much more pleasant office,
as it was not nee-ssary for that Court to ascertain
.the ditties of an Opera Manager—duties with which
be was totally unacquainted.
It appeared from the answer of the Counsel, that
nothing was done seder this 4ause.
Mr. HART resumed. The Plaintiff. Mr. Wa-
ters, was an absolute owner of seven-sineenths of
the property in the Opera House, for which a sum
of seventeen thousand pounds had been paid by
the deceased Mr. Gould to the Defendant.
. By the principles attached by law to partnership con-
cerns. every partner was presumed to have an equal
right to conduit and manage them ; and when cases
°Cent, where, from the nature of the contraft an
immediate dissolution could not, without hazarding
the ultimate ruin of the whole property, take place,
it was the uniform praftice and usage of tits Court
to appoint a Manager to superitinmd and prom&
the respetßive iaterests cf the parties. In great
commercial cases. whore, from the variety and corn.
plication of the interest', as arising between the part-
ners themselves, or as involving the claiins of cre-
ditors abroad, this principle was frequently ailed
' upon. 'There were either concerns. which bad ac-
quired such a sporunbart, as it was impossible for
either party to stop within a certain period ; under
that descriptiea the present concern and Coniet of
this Theafre might be classed. It was impossible to
&solo* the. sontrad under which the right of the
• Plettielft and the Defendant to the • moieties in
this property were sectikd ; at the same time that
it was absolutely impossible to conduit its concerns
in a proper meaner, without the interference of this
Court. le was true, that by the deed of 1803, the
management devolved, after the death of Mr.
Gould, on the Defendant. But there was this ia.
herent equity in all contralls, that where such a
right reverts to a surviving party, it is under the
force of these obligations which were originally sti-
pulated. What; then, did Mr.Goald stipulate, spew
assuming the maaagement of this Theatre t He ea%
gaged that he would devote his time diligently,
carefully, and affively. to the performance of his
various duties,• for the benefit .of himself and
his j..int penprittor ; and most assuredly. the sub-.
sequent clause, that secures the management to
the Defendant,• as the survivor, is equally cou-
pled and coinefted with then: stipulated obli-
gutions" b! which Mr. Gould eras bound, and
winch, during the period of his management, he
uniformly 'fulfilled; Moreover, there was a re•
strietive clause, athicb did net suffer .the Manager
to enter in new contrail with agents or per-
formers, oe to dismiss ethnic-without she joist ear
sent. With this injobeigens . Mr. Goad also com-
plied, ai Well as with other seipulatinsekef the con-
tra°. This Plaintiff% Mr. Waterstiestaivieg that
there would remain no property lutise concern, ac-
cruing to the repertmonstivilef .Mr. Geoid, if he
was bound to unmet nee coins& of the Weld-
r ant, seeks for prow:Oka in the intaspeeitieb it this
Court. The affidavits of the Plaintiff...of Mmes.
• Kelly. Lees, and Marion. state. that the Defendant
inn neglefted his duties. &Judith's site personal at.
tendance of the Manager is absolutely nimmary.—
TIM Defending has' answered this allegation in a
most curious way, vis. That it is sianecessary to
attend personally, rave en a Sunday, as the rollout
details of that mice can be as well ezecated through
the mediem et a Deputy-Manager, and ley the corn.
munications which the principal can keep up with
his sub-agents. In other words, that the best men
thud for a principal, who is bound to devote.his
time, with the :nor enswearied assiduity and care.
to the performance of *bit duties, is to surrender
the whole superiatendence to his Deputy-Manager.
The Defendant does not stop here, but has endea-
voured to prove, that it is notonly not necessary for
the ptinciptl to attend, bet that his absenze is saluta-
ry; inasmuch, as a Deputy-Manager will be released
from acceding to those indulgent's' and importu-
nities of the performers. with which, in many in-
stances, it would be probable the principal would
comply. Thus, as all the matters of tad between the
parties were admitted, the interference of the Court
appeared absolutely necessary, in order to regulate
their confilaing opinions. 'Dune were also strong
grounds for this application, and for the exclusion
of Mr. Taylor from the assuagement, to be &Ned
in his missondigt daring the time he hes Iseidiabat
situation. He has violated the stria peeving* wd.
the eerd, in his dismissal of some, null t
. of others, without the assent of the Aga

find diis deviation froin his Sat f • atTanti the `
terference of this Court. ,Upon. tae write of Mr
D'Egville, he would psi btu of his
incapacity to fulfil sioular &Übe. illhe same lime,
in different places, he wayru. nrseVioged• How
could it be ascertained to' what ftod of gradation
the principles "a appointing deputhee would ulti-
mately descend ! If Mr. Taylor appoints D'Egville,
who has duties to perform at the same time at
Drory.lane Theatre, it is not improbable that the
latter will delegate his duty to some other person who
has perhaps Sadler's-Wells as a concomitant.—
There were a variety of other strong fans to war-
rant this application. In the engagemeut of that
celebrated singer, Madame Catalani, of whom pub-
lic fame had spoken so highly, very justly in the opi-
nion of many, but not so deservedly in the judg-
ment of others, there existed a great difference of`
opinion between the Plaintiff and the Defendant,
This lady was originally engaged at the sum of
$5OOl. by Mr. Gould, but this season Mr. Taylor
had consented to give the immense price of five
thousand, with other benefits, likely to double that
amount. This engagement, if concluded, was
completely in opposition to the wishes of the
Plaintiff. With respect to the ground of this ap-
plication, in consequence of the right of mortgagee.
under an equitable title. the Court would be told, that
a part of the value given was in debentures, which
were never paid : was it the fact. ft did not change
the character of the mortgagee, although it roight
lessen the amount of the claim. 1311: it is stated is the
Defendant's affidavit, that were the accounts be-
tween him and the deceased Mr. Gould adjusted, a
large balance would appear due to him. This is
the general story of the owners upon white property
similar incumbrances have and do exist. But the
Plaintiff has sworn, that he is in possession of Mr.
Gould'i books, and that if those accounts with the
Diffendant were adjusted, Mr. Gould would be a
terbditor to Mr. Taylor's estate to the amount of
10,0001. Then, with an absolute ownership of se-
-yen-sixteenths in this heitre, with a mortgage,
coder an equitable right, upon the nine-sixteenths,
the moiety of the Defendant, to the amount of
~5,7001. the Plaintiff* Only applies to this Court to
4 take such steps as will prevent the Defendant from
injuring that joint property, whose proeperiry it was
and is his duty to promote ; and. tbereloas, whys
every circumstance is considered. anti when it
is recelleeted that a afire facies had been issued
against the Defendant's moiety en this concern, for
the ?expose of liquidating his judgment debts, the
Plairniff is led to believe that this Court will needs
to the voyer of his bill.
Mr. JOHNSON spoke briefly on the same side, and
commented upon, the allegations in the depositioes
of the Defendant. There was one reason alleged
by him foe employing a Deputy-Matager, namely,
that be did not understand foreign languages. It
this reason was good for any thing. it would operate
to disqoality nom front being Manager at all.
Mr. Itsen•ens, oe the part of the Defendant,
neat addressed the Court, and was beginning so
comment upon the consequences of referring the
appointment to the Master, and upon the willing.
nest of the Defendant already to leave the disputed
points to arbitration ;
lite Loan Cit•acetton--,, When the Opera
concerns were, on a former occasioh, referred to Sir
William Pepys, who was a very good Italian lin-
guist, his whole time was taken up us explaining to
the performer, what Mr. Lowtra said, and in cam-
' manisating to that gentleman, who also did not
understand foreign languages, their answers."
Mr. Ha ILT—.." It would be well, its this stage of
the case. to state, that the only point which the
Defendant wished to leave to arbitration. was, on
the engagement of Madame Catalani, at 5,0001.
for the *recoil. And who WAS the proposed arbiter ?
Mr. D'Egville, who was also appointed to an op-
posed salary of 12001. per annum. Had the' Pain-
tiff consented to this, it was to be presumed, that,
in adjusting the eagagement of Mr. D'Egvi le,
Madame Catalan would be proposed to make the
award."
Sir

resumed, and observed, there
upon which'ilie present applica-
first, ' the Defendant did not
that was necessart ;
d. that be w..__ •d incapable of doing
thirdly, that he itad no power of appointing a
desiy s. and lastly, the mortgage, upon an *lune.
tide, one shilling of which Mr. Taytbr has
stosnik ,not to be due. Team the 6ms of the firs at
the Gpara House. when, so constituents of the in-
csualsrantes occasioned by that dreadful aciident,
Trustees were appointed, Mr. Taylor had, for a
the period of 25 years; coaduEled, exclusiv, ly, the
management of that theatre, without the slightest
.imputation baying ever been cast upon him. Yet,
"during all that time, there was a Deputy-Manager ;
it was an Gram in every ether theatre. Mr. Waters
Fermat take upon himself to say there enghenot to
e one, because Mr. Gould, under whose- sight he
.claims. always had one. It was an office which
i not only had existed. but was both necessary and
useful. It would also be found, that the salary of
:the present Deputy-Manager was leis than his pee-
"decessort, and that a great proportion of that salary
was to arise out of the profits and property of the
principal. Surlily then, it was time enough for the
Plaintiffs complain, when he felt aggrieved. But,
with respell to the personal attendance of the De-
fendant, it was not the ciaestioo. He boa swore
that he was there when 'it was amasser), and the
success of his management was evident, trout the
great receipts and increased profits of the Lbws*.
Mr. Waters has insinuated that the Defendant was
and is incapable. 11w Defendant bas posstively
sworn, that he has attended when mortise', be-
cause ne inconvenience has followed t arid that, as
IA is capable, therefore he has the right to eaatioes

that
atteadaace

• "

• J .... 1...- •

the eicilnive litseater, anti* ha! int
atone cosistiattes.lbe right a the JPlanttit
airy Clairld Alla le -*Ufa iliplistina the
precleded bf I Mired it ileresowil
a regality. attendance daring the Last sent
arced:stance ca one be considered as a
tor now excluding him front she henries of
tree*. Muth had been said the dismiss.'
rain persons frosts the theatre. paranoia
Jewell, the late treasurer, and Mr. !Lefty.
this charge the El _ fondant has answered, that
desired by Mr. Gould, on his death bed, to di
the former, that gentleman having then et
him of some Misconduft. of which the De
has been convinced that Mr Jewell was in
With respea to Mr. Kelly, his dial kt to
government at the Operaehouse was well k
Mr. Taylor. and he very naturally did not
be shackled by the opposition of, a person tat
form thstruttions to his plan of macerate
I.,•:ms CO arca coa—“ What situatidn
Kelly hold ?"
Mr. H• et He was Stage. Manager,
rettor of Chorusaes, for which he receivers
and atted ender Mr. Gould as Deptry-h1
without any charge to the parties.
Mr. Riese A cos, after a recapitulation of 1
ing arguments. and refltrences to the nil
Deputy• Managers, at a higher salary Ah
D'Egville had, particularly a Mr. Tessier,
merly Ailed that situation, concluded by
that there were no grounds upon which d
could grant the application of the Praimifri
as it did, to exclude the Defendant from t
fry of a emeradt, wider *hid* alone the

derived every right be bad so the Theatre
tion.
The further proceedi*g was poetpoued
morrow t when Sir Samuel RomiMy will
on the part of the Defendant.
—aussa—.
COURT OF KING'S BENCH, Nov.
COUNT STUARTON.
Mr. BIV•W moved for leave to enlin-p
forsoerly obtained, for filing a criminal Id
against Count Stuarton, for a libel (the
which we lately stated to the public), be a
been found to serve the notice enact him.
The Male was accordingly enlamed by I
to the last day of the term.
s
CHALLENGE.
Mr. Arroanar-G as. 111011011 Bev
sheer cause why a criminal infant:scion of
beTranted against Captain Hey, for tr
lenge to the Earl of Kingston. He
which stated, that during the rebellion ii
this Captain Hay was in the serviee of tl
and the Earl of Kingston was at the mom
a prisoner by the rebels, and *as trial*
(Capt. Hay) with great humanity, or/ski
means of preieritiog the Earl of Itingston f.
w.trds taking any severe measures again
Caetain.Hay was, however, afterwards i
Court Martial, and acquitted ; and, 'whew
acquittal. he had made an applitati"ft
mint for iademiliSearicn for the losses Is
taioed in the It iihrebellion Up'n AisthvEll
anon thought it his slaty to interfere, sal
letter to the Earl of Hardwick., stating whi
concerning Capt. Hay. Upon the Sth Ofto
Hay met the Earl of Kingston upon the
said to him, " these are my mends, (allud
obese with him ), sad lam (
fitilltleigarr Light Dragoons; as you have ea
my charaeter, I have a right to esprit sac
logy as one Gentleman would make to
Upon this the Earl of Kingston told him
make no ap ,Ingy ; and asked him if he
as a challenge? tor, if ha did, he would it
that be did not consider him as a Gentl
one who had been a rebel; and thiretor
tied to have received -tiny compensation
quence of the Trish rebellion. To this Co
r' he did v''

month,
months, , . eapiretioa .
security fr their good behaviour lot
Jeremiah 4 1001. and David in 501.
TM& [IMO P. O*MTIAL !PICT°
The circumgcaces attending this e
fresh in the recolleaien of the public.
Mr. D having. upog a fora
obtained a Role to show atom why
should not take place. es account of b
to adduce additional evidence on halal
leaden', he this day mowed that said R
absolute.
Air. G4lllOll said. he would take
recalling to the recollettien of the Co
the state of the proceedlogs at this sne
suggesting what the c, ~,,,e must imdv
any harsher steps in this cause. Hit
Pallas, had applied to their Lsedsb

.. ~ .

, - -----
• '
THE Jury. LAW IP
—....-
bettaVlstse COURT OF
lir sltle Comedy of dfll La Me We.
rformed, for the second time 0 Mt
red the most unbounded a I ' WATI It S, ERtellid
naiad, miss u ?? a'
titiCAN t Mr. Fon•canque
AISTOU'II Beverky i in tenth Defendant in this cal
rably sustained, that it is inv she principal mann,
ut any one excellence. After t. it by an order of
is wav 's new ai 1 tle-l)nertra was pr. strained from interfer
as public expeffation had been tai referred to the Master
y of the author, who had ahead
lie with two of the most popul person
shegu
it
authority
ori
iyexerciseo of the
slie
produced, Parting the Wind an case, is the kxecutor
s not disappointed. We con. sequence of a certaii
ton the reception this most lot. and Mr. Taylor, in
t production received last nigh proprietor in this tl
most brilliant and crowded ant clause in this deed, t
id. It is entitled tern{ of the Opera
I,LA ROSF.NBERG. ' • Gould for his life.
•maris ezesons. contra& the same rij
- - - Mr. Raymond. The situation of a n
we - - Mr. Ile Camp. ace of great interest
- • - Mr. 'Moans. d.ir.., and requirin
- - - Mr. Ammon.
Mr. Mathews. ~• •,..! .4r. a a • -e and taut
- . -
lie Giant - Mr. Ray. death of Mr. Gould;
leans. Fisher and Meddocke. was, whether from
-Masi.. Cimke Ind Mate. his pecuniary circa
urn:en...Mr. Spark..
cause, rendered inc
Wchb, Evans, Tokely. and Rhodes.
intim, Gibbon, Smith, Mi:ler, Fit anenJant.e at the (.);
oitoooniiroe. are. impossible for him
- - - Mrs. H. eidainu. assiduity, the dismiss
- - • Miss Ray.
did not test on min
it . .. Mrs. Sparks.
e stlghbriudleed of • camp, in the R {wont in the MEWL/it
wits, and the setiou tate% place ". corroborated by th
..t victim, has• been obtained by eh Aurnoer of years, h
he heroics's, Ella Rosenberg, is tits w pith the affairs and
tome* a Page of the Pietter, a Indeed it did not re
11. -CAeltinct Mooneforr, a man of i
and priasewing sit nolimited tele/• but was fully admi
elves • pas4art fur Ella, at a time w terdant. He admit
le Interim* friends. He then finds a , WAS One requiring I
erg;' who it provoked is draw his an diligence ; that hi
it hn superior officer, and dreading t
Ire severity of the military law h . his presence was n
hmitued, to the capital, toe the pis . ready and capable
Trine., bog being heard no more imposed upon hint
are Red his eoentry. At she co these allegations, t
.Thtnia, two year, have elapsed sir
others, positively si
Resenberee wealth is carbonothers,
of poverty, is ander the protect r.ccessary in dm M
lest re Invelids. to whian she has be not give that peril
ad, and her dying father. Moen that from avariety
,ra.s, pursues the object of his p.rai of giving it, and
oda, and eaten it in disguise. In ,
I bra her off, he is eneouatered • necessary duties or
violence of hi: Indignation, scars . assumed. To this
ml's shoulder, and tianaples ow it. Waters goes ; and
Wage, the invalid is made a p:nrin leg the last &ethos
of her persecutor, and his fell.
theatre not more LI
r el. jetriantfort theta prem. ed. to -
as his *eery, anti find• him co ' . ' day ; ,And for thi
4 praying for a support tor Rosso the csasequent de
sae mach interested in tbei fate of , , raga. this Defeat
'wen M visiting ts ~ Iflewanies. it • himself—first, in cc
ea of his retreat. Mountfort •is as
one to alSsuade him ; but he b-li view which hi alle;
sd, taking advantage of the Else , Mr. Waters last Ad
enfewes hi: inertial law with the with personal viols
ate kis WWII, he hurries Storm that be understood
•edietely sondemhed. Ella, hoses
Plaintiff, that it
toed travellers, neaves, and meets b
s his war to eser..uLon. Susan bas • for the sum of 10
aim mender of the Guard to endeave due by the Daley
a of security, end at this grumped. parties. ItOM Wile
a conceal from her his fare; but I .
provriked, were n•
is
iteturn from him in a state of frantic)
,niludted to a solitary inn by a soldier —I anon Of the Cass
/la, the Ptinee, concealing his person, Gould became a
visiting the cottage of Storm. On ll and his sepreseat
an of wretched appearatx• having _
C011,11„,14 iroteda
flying from p unarm ras;•.... a, .
must follow trona
triplicates of the Elef:tat this besets
A brief conference ensues, in which tt exclusively caninr
ng himself, is led to diatom that It sufficient tor the C
sad violently Imprinned. The Beet that Me. Taykir I
I where Ella has been, expressing his in
there in the morning, and tender . ins in the neerso,
sham pins the inn in safety, and Ella situation. Ihe ti
;tate of inseissibil it y. They are placed i in tlie pruglaions
founifoit at...yes soon after, alone, i diligence, cautii
.seeing her, 1,. Induced, frets the wretch .
rg, lb attempt to eugige him Yu guar attaching to the
a eunveyance. Rodent:wigs moms* so expressly stat
es he his request, &A on his own eil one party in the i.
WO. finds, for the f.rst time, die au Arid it only a per
bill iru;Arisooment. An sffwnise di
'aeon Rosenberg and Ella, whoa ti, ashener it did rot;
the entrance of SWIM of his pursuevas imperative o
',I into the power of Nl,,unaftist. wiles sh iu him tO lielega
er
puisaers, whom he himself condor, other parkkii? 1
veto means he learns tint Romaine( upon flat
m .i ,
.
ak• had rues. The Pilau having 0
i of the wrongs of the oaten, th negotiant to Mr.
e (lissome at Nlunutfort, the restoratie devolve upon do
to tank and happiness, and the Mod provisi .n throng
Mud. Taylor the deleg
sting story, it will be seen th It was admitted
ty We a chain of incients i
that he ill net 1
of the first order. In the use •
the Plainti and
r has shewn the skill of a mast
deed does not a'
sledge of stage effect. All •
therefore, with i
interesting and natural. aad . and who has no
finished. !'he dialogiw Hagan
of those who hat
ed ; and the pathos hi maimed b
sera, to apply to
natiarada, a besatifol B
person, in whore
Aron of the sedate v '
coafided. The
e mune weir to the duties is a
aim. Mr. Bassinet' was I
and Mr. Kelly
rot appearance WO Niteroi season, be did I
worth and 111iNlitykIIII we three times, ext.'
,it can never a better The Loan C.
Mr. BASSISTER. His inesli
province to appc
lisplayed his usual timeline
cern. of this l'lt
tai a pifluto for an artist; h
that no person, c
[ and becoming, and her perform,
be in that how
ding
ind part., of Alla Busea4eria
Sunday."
e name Stooons. judgeat, ilrotald
RA
Mr lila t .
Mr. Postal. A
of .
ad in the Blesser ; Mr. Esctsro this deed of 18.,,
party should en
ig in the injured Roses/mg; M
at justice to Menee.feedi as or performer, a
sties, was gentle and pretty. 1 . reams( both.
ed all their wonted liberality, of Mr. Gould, r,
enalion was et
scions, &c.
mad Music are beautiful. The dismissed, and
ion of Mr. M. P. Kinn. Ale° without the con
;lee, which was well sung b mutative of M
FITZSIMMONS, Glasse, tc. an Jewell ; and 0
such was the anxiety ter to dismissed, withi
siece, that some naharweisions !F ascertained or ii
,
sed it. The cortain fell anal Mr. D'Egville
-
nd acclamations, and the lo Kelly, at a lug
sent, but again"
the announcement for sand
Gentleman wss
Mr. D'Egville,
.magi
i much battik health thou •' • person had beet
atioa ; and net
emery to retire tram public
lane, it was in
t 9 see her ghee the ur
the two situafin
I,
‘• -VII" ' . •-.14).,N

award."
Sir SAIIIULL R0M1LL11....." This is really the
most talks«, althoigh ingenious, statement of a
traasaaian„ ever witnessed in this (bent. Mr 'idy-
ll« did propose to leave the difference of opinion
between himself aliq Mr. Waters to. two arbittators,
each party appointing one; and Mr. D'Egville
was proposed on the part of the Defendant. With
respeft to the disputed opinion, it was (Matti' out
of the power of a Court to constituted as this, to ar-
gue. lntleed, unacquainted as it must bit «ith
certain merit", it was incompetent to decidtwbether
Sigaora Catwiani 'Wild 'weirs a salary equal to
. 51!a4.40 a Chiet Justice, and Madame Greats" one
. evil Jo spring Judge."
Mr. Iticisaaas resumed, and observed, Atte
«km four grounds upon whichllie present applica-
tion was broggliti first. that the lletendsot did not
prf tote' pirtsua4. isteadasca that was necassart i

replied in the affirmative, that he did ma
leage Max. It appeared that he (Captain
preCious to this, aElually received comp'
Rule granted.
311111011 V. sisotort.
Mr. &leant law, showed cashes agai
obtained by Mr.blarryan, against the ewe
Teddy, to whom certain aerences. as
Clement of partnership aisoirts, had heel
by their pertiessecenposing,a eomPany at
for distilling genera. The partners origj
Mr. George Bishop, SID: Mr:George-A
and Mr. Argils Bishop; but upon' tl
of the first of these Gentlemen, Sir Willi
succeeded to his share of the concern.
in support of the award, bat the Court
no jurisdiction to art aside to award of
tor, upini an allegation of erosive dr
cept in cases wherein cortuptibli could t
exist. This appeafcci char upim the I
"taint* itseif.
The Arroanav•Gemeaat ergtsell, or
side, that the Arbitrator. had exceeded
given to them, anddecidad open what WA
accepted in the subrnimiotta and there
ought to be set aside.
' • The Cows: thought, upon* examitt
eubmissiori, that theArbitritEil had Alta
ed their powers, and therefore ardent
award be set aside.
jeremia Riclwds and Dried Rkhend
eicted of aliaulting some Revenue OE
executioo of their duty, wed brought
cries, judgment. • The Court ordered
; them to be imprisoned cite month, sad
three months, and at the espiratioa then

' .9"*""-- ---fe...,r --. ~ -- • . .. .
. .
. i
PIA, open antral points, loch os steno pegjeleists, •
fneaded on the law of the case, that MOM pasta of
the evidence wete a complete misrepeweenatial at
the mate of the fads, and that the Defendant had
discovered mew evidence, which it was important to
i lay -before the Cook. It became, therefore, his
duty to show cause against the rule obtained upon
each representations. He bad formerly made an
application th have the new documents, which were
said to have been lately discovered. laid before the
I i Court. as it appeared proper that the Court should
see whether they were such as could be received
. ' in the shape in which they were intended to
be prodweed. He had, therefore, thought it
* hPe ap riled of this new evidence sod
proper to
.... hid to tlie sierdostur to probes it.
The arguments to be drawn hews that etibletwe
bad lever yet, however. bees wood . ilk the
IliCourt I and whoa be bad called epee she ougteaitr
I Counsel to peat .oat the particular .to be
'died upon, he had received for answer, glut the
whole and rimy part of the depositions wore at be
made the roantherork of a new trial. Whet be
bad sew to seta& to the Ciurt. was, tbst.bir.
Dallas should login. mad star he should flaw
i Nu, for. otherwise. die smotgalacs milk fair
low-• that be sight be %a' against is oneela;
1 ' sien which Mr. Dallas teight never mos to be
*awn trues these docamenee. Hr had, harmer.
Illmeiet of his own 'Pea the sekeil, bet !it_leepr-
-1141117 ready to proal acs tarsi to Wee aniion
7 Aral the Court.
forA 'rims Coeur thought, that Mr. Dallas
k°lt t i
psis' asst how be was to apply the evidence
apt eci:hat Mr. Garrow should show came. sad
s afterwards reply. ..
~Mir. Dataas said, that as he wished this ease to
be thoroughly considered, be had suggested that
tit+ leterdships might be banished with a copy of
the Wale additional evidence. before this kale came
416/1011111set' ; and ie was true that Mr. Garrow had
pat a glpsestioo to him, relative to what particular
. part be wished to rely upon. and he had told him
k was upon the whole of the evidence. He
ly still did mean to do so, es it *knells&
• ' tie the main point upon which the
whole Owl-
izated
' vir...o to what was the law of the Island
at the time it was ceded to His Ma-
i
meat. For this mason he could only
• . ibis ilccssioct. that the sum and substance
• he meant to ;bow from the evidence in
wa.., that the law of that island being the
IP: • ' Speiri---sertare was a part of that law.
. * .Ga ea ow—', This is exaaly the point I
dto know, previous to my addressing your
j.ordstlips, for otherwise I might have been beating
the air. There are, however, several grounds, In-
dy of that, upon which I shall touch
y, as Mr. Dallas seemed to appreher.d. that,
rg r 446
f these - laid before the Jeri, a
e been produced. It
„,." Learned Friend, that
express malice ; but I be-
e() say, that I never insi-
tisted. What I sub-

•

...I by the law of this
ridon was not authorised
Calderon, to the torture.—
this mode of prizceeding
a Spain, as existin at the
rinidad being ten pee-
A bercroMby, an t that
full int ce'till such time as
be signified; nay, it
supposing it not tribe
w did not justify this
Merely an art of error
2 rnor Pidon, adiag
.ole for the consequence
at all disputing these ;mei-
itnp‘sosible to consider Go-
-he character of a Jude.
the Island of Tntn-
and power to make
e same manner as Jus-
this count'''. I do not
vas a similar jurisdidion ;
n bad been the first told
an committed, be might
i persons before him, to-
, ailing as a Justice of the
the course which he took.
and, I may say, the
a had an appellant ju-
Magistrates, and there.
at a person in su...h a
ittwee the inferior, as
j 'uno o • n. He did express..
-v at to the robbery to the
never exercised any judg-
any occasion or opportunity
decision. What I complain
_of wit. that Governor Pilen assumed to hisasell
the entire point end authority of giving this turd-
' . cutar order : for if the Magistrates below had
rugltatpropethe per
rtosouorataritnosrtt
wurbeotn2o bethisinfilaiftwedw,aistwis
-.hats right to sppeal against the jadeent
•• of Caramels, pod that that AuJtenco
s confirmed or altered the 'tag-
Pieria, I complain. tater-
, Governor, to do that which
could with justice or by law
own authority. He dared to
of which I must always speak
which has ' grown with my
%jell of torture. He took
eivfii the torture upon Llliin
right to du this, for another
old Spain, there were certain
bt present at the it flidion of
• all others were to be ex-
were, the Judge, the Est..
called the Issoorooolio. It
.. that this gtri could have
torture, had Governor Piflon
~ It would hart been libel.
to have supposed that he
to have been present in that
' occasion. He evidently,

eharalter of a Judge when
we sent down the inquiry to a Magistrate of an in-
ferior *viol% Then, it is said. that, by the law of
spar. torture msy be inflicted neon a certain class
r of cnasi, als. upon certain persons incised:4d of bens
partakers on their pa It, and upon such as will DOI
pitateiN castles. ttutb ; I submit. bowever,

~~?; .

• . - '''wellselfilfilliggriEr"w•mseeerme'ellisgelllenews i.ipll
..
•
....,
• • - • . ~ iir fox i ~i. ... . .
. , ,0. , • . .
,f,
lat this, although ones the law OrBPain. was met COURT otr-commow PLZAA,liedir. '
Banally the law of Trinidad. They have pre-
dated certain law books, which I say were not TN. SAILL OP I TTTTT NOSS IP. moves.
understood by Governor Piton. These wart not This was a-motion on the part of the Defendant
the books by which the criminal administration of fur e Rule to spew saute why a new trial should
justice was to be conduded in that island, although not be granted ia this cause.
it appeared from them, that certain persons, under This was an issue out of Chancery, to try the
certain ragolations, might have the torture applied validit of a deed executed by the late Csuatess of
Strathmy ore, the wife of the Defendant, Andrew Ro-
m them. Übe law. as it then and now exists. ap-
Mason Stoney Bowes, which was impeached by the.
gears to have been Most merciful. benevolent. and
=hotly guarded. There am certain de- Plaintiff, on the ground that it was extorted from
of persous to whom the punishment of tor- the Countess of Strathmore, and executed by her
Om could not possibly be applied ; minors were in under duress.
class. Now your Lordships will find, that Louisa aerjsant Laws stated, that when this cause was
was entitled upon that ground to exemption. bawd, the only witness to the executing of the deed,
Dr. Johnson, was absent. on account of ill health.
clauses shewed, that persons who were to
suffer were to have a defender appointed to them. Fie was a most material witness, as he could prove
She had none appointed to her till after she had there was no duress made use of, at the time of
adually suffered the torture. I'll do Governor Pic- executing the deed. The verdid was given on
ton the justice to believe, that. had any defend,: account of duress It could now be proved, that
been appointed to her, he would not have infiided there was no duress on the delivery of the deed: and
that punishment. To assign a defender in that whatever had been in general, there was none made
stage ot the cause. was • mere mockery; for she use of in this instance, and he thought it was a sof&
was not to be tried as a principal in the offence, but cient ground for a new trial. There were only four
merely brought forward to discover the guilty iodi- kinds of duress that Court could take apace of—
'ideal, who had robbed a house, and with whom it imprisonment—danger of life—loss of limbs--aad.
violent assault; come of those had taken place. He
was someaed she was eonneaed,or engaged in an al-
b& ei gallantry. The stage when she ought to have would not deny but there had been a vast deal &
had sidetender appointed to her, was previous ts cruelty used towards the Countess of Strathmore;
thole/Milan Lf the punishment, and not after she but there was none at this time, nor such duress that
op
hoslmfeted it. I further calmed. I say, that this was cognizable in that Court.
was sat the law of Trinidad at the time. Stine in- The Lotto Cat Mr JUSTICIP•-• This cause WAS allil •
divisional' have deposed. that the books produced were from Chaurrety to this Court to try by law what
hubs of authority in Spain, and that they pointed out rest was in the case. It was tried, and a ver
ven—that there was duress. it bad been prove/-
the cases wherein torture was to be Marie& Bat 14'
nut there had bean the ghatest cruelty used to"
what do *sir depositions amount to more than
this t Were you. my Lords, to take up an old edi. nuke the Countess of Strathmore part with her
estates. Scat ratios, and every kind of cruelty
lion of litecistones Coesseentesies of the Lire of Ant-
lend, you might therein find. that you were allowed, could be thought of, bad been used; and he cosh
by the letter of that book, to do what, by the law of not see what would be the use of Deem ,Monson 4
the land. as it now stands. you are not permitted to evidence: for it was am to he sappmed, that n
do. Were any man to take up that book, and con- woman is bei situation would make ear
ill
suit it. under the heads of wilcbcrivt, gypsies, eon. at the execution
eaelesenlif bastard ehildren, ke. 41e. and do what ap- of
____ bee well bn of a deed! what she wi=
rinwhipted afterwards ; as 1111 r.•
pears therein to be justified. he would find it ex- °°w•• • benewasit as Pelinuto make the
tremely difficult to plead, that be had seed from an Countess of Strathmore walk. talk* sit, sad do. at
emeriti judgment. I will suppose, however, that be thooght proper. Dr. James might be a cal.
these books, be they obsolete, or be they mo- leeffne of Mr. Bewes.: be did ••• my be WAS ; bus
data.tootionoutho
ni.iit and sacoatradiae4 fags he was occident his evident., could sot be of ash
relative to
eke•
ifiliani; of togude in Spain; I" consequme as to change the business estirely."—
still, I say, that this was aist the law of Trinidad. hied" "I"
No man has sworn that he ever knew it ailed upon. PRIVILEGE.
Banana .. Tlltottoas coentco.
No man laving bad heard of it. till Louisa Cathieron . •
oerrant Base moved for a Rule to sheer cease
was tortured by order of Goveraet Piaoo7- It ap-
pear! from this evidence, that there were no means why "efendant should not be discharged out of
custody. Ho was Contal-Getwral so the Ottoman
provided for performing it. eves daring the Spasesb Porte, and had his
Government and Administration. It appears, I . asdentieh (2'61 the Grand
omYro'stfrwoistnsgthiveen7iitdraWM"fouitaiidif.eztbatseedingwbelay she
edifscfiurltst asC• 'cum jusfsda irelneti the a'4'; but TU.
. *commended . Best to • *sire if his *Oficial situ-
to procure the :mass of putting it into mention. dos did sot COW with the death of the lam Sultan ?
Such being the case, they could only jai!! it • by mawaesessm-amsamare
using something resembling that which was POLICE.
tequired for the purpose, found in the Barrack- .--...--.
. ,
yard, and which had been formerly used in
picketing soldiers who were guilty of deli:ogees.
cies. It was an instrument found near one ot the
rooms where the girl herself was confined. Aa la-
st:nee, however, bad been adduced, to prove that
this was &dully the law of Trinidad ; but eves that
will be found, in all its parts, to coniradio the
assertions made in behalf of Governor hams -.-
That case related to a man who had been sus-
pated of assassination, and who was decreed.
under the Spanish Governor, to be terttlied. He
however had an oppoauoity of doing that which
Louisa Calderon had not, for he appealed against •
the propriety e' this interlocutor. He appeakoto
the Audience of Carraccas, and it appeared that his
appeal was transmitted, and that it proved of-
fedual. Mr. Gloocaster, the Attorney-General of
the Weed, did not appear to have ever beard at
this case, at the time when tie,' motion was sate for
a new trial. nor did it occur to any body, until they
thought it necessary to institute an inquiry as to
precedents of the lassesGov:moment, in order to
jusdfithe prouediags of this Defendant. After all
it weirs. that he (Governor ham) takes the
My which be has produced from a mere tran-
script of what he conceives has been the promissl.
logs in that cam to which I hairfludhuied. I appre-
hend that every Cosit then% sa well as bore, re•
taias copies of their own Peer& But has any
thing of that nature been produced ? Has any desk
circumstance drew'se that torture ever was the Law
of Trinidad, or that it was ever acrd upon ? No, my
Lords, even the parson suspeded GU assassination
was suer tortured,be (heaped by the appeal which be
bad Made, and which he had not made in vatic, se
a superior tribunal ; yes this is the self Whims
which they cap produce to point out the law apes
this subjea, one that tends to quite a coitntry e-
lm! t. But even let me suppose. Mg Loedei dietelke
Spanish Governor could by &MN • bat
' ot that island have indhited torture, I . the
liberty of stating what I apprehend to be Wei, that
the very iastant the British flag was displayed at
Trinidad, the power of the Spanish Governer to
infid 'torture mated. The infiiition of Waive is
so abhorrent to Minus feelings, so repuguat to
as. and so isconsistent with their
system of jurisprudence, that no British
can order such a punishment. I take the liberty to
say, that although Governor Pidon had found not
only a solitary suatauee out of some ancient record.
of such a judgment bating been pronounced, but
even numberless instances ioscribed upon every hill
in the island, he had no authority to order the hoc
fidion of torture ; nor could even His Majesty have
delegated such an authority to him. Camper'
the case now under consideration with that
slavery, I may be allowed to observe to your L
ships, that the slave ceases to be a slave the very
moment he puts his foot upon our happy shore,.
slavery being like torture totally discordant to our
feelings and our laws. Under the& circumstances,
my 'Lords, I apprehend, that as no British Governor.
would be justified in infiiding this punishment, oyes
although be had found existing laws to authorise it.
laws not of Britain,but ot a foreign country, I must
argue, that there is no case made out to gave cause
fora new trial." Mr. GARROW having COUCIUght4.
Lord Ettassoaouou intimated, that as he bad
to go to Guildhall, the Court would not be able to:
hear the arguments upon the taker side. Tipsy '
could not fia a day, but they would make the gum
, don polempto2y, to be called upon aa early al r'
. Coon gouda possibly bear it.

• DIANSIOO.IIIIOOIIS.
Siewarl Saw& wu charged with attempt*
to defraud Michael Croayn. by running away from
his Ails, aati leaving Croayn to pay a bend of 51.
I for what be west bail.
About two years back. Croup, bevies slowed
oa board the Leariathea. with IL4wards, heser
cad mating Was wok him itsgsolitere heelPloll
him with every lawless' be Alai* fee Mgt the
titration of rmate, oa boardille Periewee-
gam Is.. laisttts ma at the India Noose became
his Wisdoms hit ten meads pap which be re.
seined is adman*, Creeps Ailed Is. eat. lodger*
bias sheet. Mi, and every ether neemary heisted
is and a Abets three weeks after be bad bit
hies. ti joie his be met him in Learkehall
mem. lime ha appreheaded him, and bag*
him beferitthe thus Lea, id ATM, who desired hiss
wise delimited hue Cream's eaetady, wheat be As-
sisi se pay his imports te Peismoonth. and that
be should also midis as heard*, ship. Croak
wok him home, mad presided Ansel, bat being
veiled away by Mlle perms. Diwitsio male the
hot d the imporwaity. els astsy.. sad seem was
-sass seed yeserday. whim ?.=inillwaght it his
• duty to htivi/bits bases his
Earls*, in hie deems, ttmM,. be went to
rintamoath,, whom be was alemplii his ship, but
was imprested by a beat from astaillie Majesty's
ship a war:
The Swan Mayes aedired him to be taken to
the INS" Mese% wiser% V the Div:4m approved
assail./ hies ea a. voyage ;to dram. it would
messeate Creels len the debt, be if not. that
-he eshed& bebstaigkrbash.
Desist alradier. trallifus 'f std Yeelhadr&
kit, went beets/hi ap es Mtapibiatl.ishmdelik itsv-
in bees diesread lerhisg abase Wedge-areas sad
several odor *sate, by a press of the mew of ,
fleMes. whit wattled esardisagh seeeralsepaste.
sod distemarto Le don wins he bad them
take lass oistody.
Waft stated, he lived is Leagaley. Most-
kids. mei shot he bed sent to his friends, te awed
sad speak to his ebesaam.
Taggart aid, be hod but jut mew deli el the
cosatry. having wished la Oderti..usi that shim
14earse to taws, he 4wilisisith itieyeasibero is
lel Bavags-yard, Ledgase.bill.
• Bartlett seated, that he line in Long-alley,
Mooreelds, and is apprenticed to his father.
Oar of the °Gears said, Bartlett *requested the
Cat and Wheel, in Bridgewater Gerdes..
The Loan St avoa ordered the prisoners to be
detained until this day (Friday), to give them an
opportunity of producing their friends.
A Mr. Wiese*, an attorney, was charged with
assaulting a boy of the name of Laing.
It appeared that the boy is clerk to Mr. Watson.
partner, with whom Defendant is on bad terms ;
and that a few days ago, when a lady was with his
master, because the boy would not tell him who she
was, he kicked him out of the office : and at two-
ther time, wnen the boy's master had company.
Mr. Watson asked him next day who dined with
.his master t and because he did not tell him, he -
pulled his ears, and kicked him out of the office.
Mr. Watson, in his defence, said, the boy W4l
very insolent, and because his master aid be were
' on bad terms, he was encouraged to insult him ; he
aonfessed he pulled bis ears, but denied having
struck him.
Tbe Lois M•voa hoped that the boy should.,
net be k •pt out of his situation, and advised them '
to nettle it.

• •
••- • ,
•
114V.1L INTELLIGENCE.
roarsatouru, NOV- 18
Rear-Admiral Sir Samuel Hood. who struck
flag on Saturday last, hoi tad it again thia uwornin
on board the Centaur. •
Arrived the Pet tree, Captain Ward, from •
Baltic ; and the Surly, from a cruise. .
Sailed the Hearty, with a convoy, for the De
PLYMOUTH, Novi 17.
Came in the York man of war. from the
ward ; Flora, -- ; and the Cm/dry Seitire,
from London, for Jamaica ; the Elise. Watt •
from Oporto, to this port and Brims), is on ih•
in HattloaZo ; her cargo of wine is taking out
preservation.
neat:. Nov. 18.
Sailed through the Downs, from the River,
Galen, Stedman, for Boston ; Harriet, Lirteler. f
Tortola ; New Brunswick, Cook, kr Anti
Olive Branch, Cook ; Princess of Wales, M*Kinia
and the Lguestries, Brown, for Jamaica.
Remain in the Downs the ships as per last, wi.
the Greaoda, Richardson, for Demerara ; Alcramt
WLauten ; and the Amason, Buckly, for Tobago.
Latin, mow. 16.
Arrived the Niktivak sloop of war. from
cruise; and the kW:dove sloop of war, from Yar
mouth Regis.
Sailed the Basilisk goo-brig. with the loathe
bound skips under convoy. for Yarmouth Roads.
and the daserousthr, with the trade for Gottenburg•
WWI it 11114....1+ww,
MILTING, DP CREDITORS AT GUILDHALL.
To- O w N.
John Perkins and Hoorgefietheit, Ortferdareet, wool.
len-drapers - I
John Hodgson the younger, CoMionetrest, London,
merchant - $ 1
Georg Beidpett, late of Old Cavenindostrem, paper.
Meier - $
Corneiius Ittand, Latubstreat. Spitallieldr, grocer -
John leaner, Lawreeculaile, Londoe.wholerate .
draw -
Robert Holum, Woollens, Bookinglawstiro. eraltater a 1
Humphrey Pope, ametiffoareee Middlesex, Tingeing 2 11
Chastain* late Jossremesseit, St. Juan's, tallow-
dandier - -
James Reeve. Helheen. London, umbrella-taker - 2 to
Alexander Catithart, Themes Brooke and George Ro-
bert Cuallltert, Gewsnlione, London, merehants -I Id
Rosen AMEN Taimammmet, Hereelydown, Surreys
spirit-meseisat - 11$
Beads Bassani Levis, late of Great Mie•street, Mid-
dlesex, merchant - 11$
DIVIDENDS. •
Ma* Wilke, bevetrifear of Waibrook, London l after-
am& of Gradied-tnus arid new of Ham burgh,
astebeat - 13
Jukalfutshes, Thiel/I'4ms, Louden, moiny.icrinoner to
'Moons Watens, Shadwell, Middlesex, boom baker
Joh:Mallard, late of Red-beasquare, Illiddlaars, apo-
thecary •
CILIIVIFICATES.
Way Clement Prises, of the towns and meaty of Newcastio-
urion-Tyne, grocer.
William Dickinson, of Upbelland, to the minty ef
ter, plumber sad gloater, dealer and shapaten.
Jonathon women, now or late rd manneniter, is the
county of Ltincester, cotton-spinner, defer and chaymerga
Edward Kendall, of Tabernacle-Walk, Frarbury-wpare„ to
county of Middlesex, tallew-doodler, deala and char
Snag.
Thomas Luckhunt, late of the Fey of Canterbury, draper and
tabu.
Jean* Ail, of Caster, in the county of Litman, mem%
drapes, gemar, 41/0/IN and ehapman.
Juries Comtism, of Preston, in the county of Lancaster, CCM
co manufacturer, dealer and ciuspinan.
Tomes Hurry, of rtag's.beari.coun, Orseechuretwareato lathe
city of Loodea, merchant.
James Tress, of Goarellstreet, is the eery i jail s.
sex, beasa-founder.
Richard Powles,eftfars head-court,Cimachatchouset,lna-
don. marehant.
Thomas Gregory, of the town and county of Miswielhoisrafr
rises. drymiter.
Amos Isaac Ring, of Groot Pronetneseet. Gendesa's.haido,
in tbe meaty of Midemsex. merchant, dealer aud amp-
_ MD.

.

w.m.110.1.m

litiMlP
TLI

- '•••••
A
Lord *ter
ptull ;
.01. Mr.
Nadi lAti.
tAlosi; BOA
lea "..

1M Ova

The Cbsra
115 Ificnura
*WWII

tM td,r4
00+0 •.I

TH►..

J •
1‘

y Bo!
4, I.e,
40.

r P
I Ira

Pa
a:,4lVbs
onest v

37
masks' (I
imams CA

WM k

Aid,
NITA I
Judas.
spent, a
Did Ai

TN- •
L. a,"
&aes
htmeno

14•6
N.

3) shoo

of a daughter.
~.ScieIIMAIGES.
Oa inhale,. ib• law foam; a Hutt, kika isitr Cage.
Div elleblikdol.llMlN 10 MM aleepret &pee, drag
of ef Thesis tiaras,. of Iblited•Muere. .
Yoittediy, et it 'a Charch. William What Effl-
So Mies &shots, oil ightor of D. Roberts, £.q.
Wordily tact, r. Luke Flood, of Liaiseitar.pleco, Lel.
esater.sqwerei, aw Mult'lltllte Thep, daughter of the Lee Jolla
Trapp, Req. of Weald/PM, Gees.
DiIaTHS.
00 Saturday, Oct. 10, Mr,, William Lindley, of
sou Halifax. On Satirday, Oet. 17', Mrs. Liodia
Frehie.• -.RBI .a Ileteridaf, Out 111, Mr. J. Leer, the
of Mn. Undley. Tie 400 Imam Sete executors el the oil
of Mr. Lindley, and I.ei ea rminn.at the time of I& death, to
septum that their own was so near.
Friday last. avid 33, at the Clevelated Tontine fan, Yoac-
litiret ineorawaquetsco of so epileptic (it. with which he was
ewes d in the mail comb en the road trait Think to the above
lan, on the preceding Sissmisy. Wllhrn Hawks. jun Esq. M
Cieteettead, much sari demroadry isamitord by ell vie knew
him.
On Thursday. the 10th, MB.Wiilen, w& of William Wd-
' 14141E4 of Sooldero.trouse, Ouse.
' -011111ednesday, William Smythe, Esq. of Ore'. fink-
Iltaidinge. Bath.
On Friday lest, at his swat at Sydlins. Dorset, lathe Nth
year of his age, &only lamented by hie family aud nataciees
frieeds, Sir Join Smith, Nut.
On the 10th inst. at Fe , lipeated by his
' afflicted mother end relatives," bp his
brother Akers. Capteie Creep Mrtitisfr stir
Thin, and eldest son of BM UM
Bath.
Friday, Stroh, sidle* of theists Richard Carpenter, Req. of
Devises, aged 64.
MOH WATER, TICS DAY, AT 4't""
Morn. 4..nein. efts* .... S I w'

THI

ipoten
ion 111
ono, le
NF.W
?..11 th
Is..ts

ralied

li.. mai

LONDON :-..lisiAtsl br O. DAVIDSON, go. 17, Duke's-
come, Sawwovei, Covuot.garboo. and ruldadlel at oar
°Mee, t4a. 15, Back of St. C1e.4.0111 Chulala, Swami, 5.7
W STUCK, of No. 7, Now lloltdowo.cot, Los.g.Acoo..—•
Orden, &c. for thss Paper, loot tote OW, tyool Poi)
wid be duly att•Loled to.

Gotten.
Ml4cl
}AXON,
PA kl

TH
11

•l

bee
oft

• 1.31

.&
1,.1

•

0 roily. as mr. is.mas seeinsa
" if these documents had been la:,
r t trary verdiO would have !
or.rs formerly stated by my.' L
there was no evidence of expresi
Levu he did me the justice to sr
striated that any such malice exi
snit is, that if the aft be illegal
gsynuy, then Governor Pifton
• to-plit the girl, Louisa Caldera
; It is said, however, that this r
was justified ..y the law of Spai
litlr the Island of Trinid,
..
pe nof by Sir Ralph Abercs
Is should continue in full foil
,His Maj sty's pleasure should I
i .has been further sao, that, it
'1 sa, sad that the Spanish law
i .torture, then that it was mer
is italgtivnt, and that Cover
as a Judge, is nqt amenable I
*of such an error. Not at all C
‘1,..4.1 ins, I say it is quite imObesil
w'''' uor Plain as aair.g in the c
A e were certain offi:ers in I
•" who have a jurisdiaion
'preliminary inquiries. in the s
tiers of the Peace have in this
dispute that the Governor has a
and that if Governor Piaon ha
~ 1
*Of ti,e robbery that had been c
4 Sava called the suspeasd per
r -..
tether with the witnesses. alio
Trace ; but this was eat the e
—He took the more natural,
tenet proper one, because he I
.$ Afeedittiou from the inferior Ma
pape it is abeird to ray. that
. Oblation should have is his po
*Au Ilse appellant jurisdiaii
Ay delegate ths inquiry as to
,igbrior Magibtiatas; be DOM
i he aster had any occ
, •
'eh Oaisseenat a legal decision.
An

Fl „. te, had' i right to—vi
E'of
eitheAlleirg"haat Ceosilirriwn
i
fluitit Istiew. Governer
gig* in his capacity, as I
an Magistrate below col
- Aire to do of Isis own
- write that sentence. of I
. Witis as abhorrence wb,
1
pliwth' upon the sofiet
• • . n tltru. He write
no eir'
mew i by the law of olc
• peeps appointed to be
' Iliii 'sat, while
&Med. Three persons 1
: Sciticitter, end a person
I ' ddilld not have happened
i , 11'3beia punished with torn
• .. `allbug as a Judge.
noist bum as a Briton ti
' would have consented to
' -
Llc• eapiscil upon such an
. ,(.. therefore, threw off the el
i 1
-... a... 4 dawn rite inetniry

TRICE Or STOCKS YESTERDAY.
Bank Stock
$ per Coat. Reclined Li tj
ft per Oant. Camels
4 per Cent.
4 per Cent. Nary 949
Lees Ann. .„ A l7l
!imperial Amities
Oraniurn
India Stork
India Soy& .. lris. pat.
Endways( Sills
Engirt' Lottery Tistkets 2 lLy!s.
Gesell fir Mil '
TOMSK. Stedhityker,
d. Ceitthlll, and 4, Chateau's'.
aims.
Oa Wodnesday, at eraddisdan-plater du &Mg of letegh
Matey, Esq.~ of a daughter.
Oa Monday evening, at Wm William Lenewes, nut. White-
ball, Mrs. George Dyka, M a daystarnr.
la St. Junes'onwana, the Lady M Madrid' ChiawitY, LW.
of a daughter.
VAIIIIII•41.1!
