STATE OF VIE NATION.

Lord A tertiottP lose for the purpose of anlvait.
ting his promised motion. When he first gat..
lice of it he did it ul grounds of the
importance, but the measures proposed Iry the
Noble Lord had increased that importance to a very
high and painful degree of intereo He laineweil
that no one more qualified thou 1 self boil
taken the task ; but he kit it to he his duty. in the
absence of one more able, to persist in the motion.
He solicited therefore the indulgence of the (louse.
which he haul so frequently experienced. 'flit
question of the state or the country was admitted o:i
all sides to he deride inipsurt.ltit and alarming.
The country, as had been admitted on the ail.;
side of the House. was iu a state of the utino-t
danger. He agreed with them at to the fact.
but he differed with them !wan the canoe of
it. As the country then was in an alartn.:_4
state, the House should use every
The measures they should adopt ought not only in
be proved necessary, but applicalde to the purpose,
and likely to remedy the case to which wry would
be applied. It ought to be proved that the existin:t
laws were not sufficient for the 'Airports of geed
government—it ought to be proved, as the measures
were to be of a coercive character, thst they were
fitted to the case. The House ought to have the
fullest information laid before them. so as to he
acquainted with the exact state of the cow,
try. He did not think the trailers abler&
furnished were sufficient for that purpose...-
He thought Ministers had forfeited all chitin to the
confidence of the House by provolung it with such
documents; he thought the papers extremely defi-
cient. lie would state the impresaiou which they
had produced on his own mind. He divided
them into two perialls--oue before. and nee
sultsequesit to the 16th of August last.
caster was the only part of the country iii when
any cause fur apprehension existed previous to t!:e
16.. h August ; and even with respect to what tevic
place there, there was a material ...natter int
statements before the meeting of Parliament unit
since. Since the 16th August they had limed lic-
entiate of meetings in other counties of Eng!and,
and also in Scotland. and also of tin intenae.l
general simultaneous meeting on the Ist Novem-
ber. The discontent of the people of Man-
chester had not been allayed by the meeting on
the 16th August, but from some cause or other
increased. Having made these general remark-.
he should not proceed to observe more partirolady
on the doubt and ignorance in which the Flonia
was lefts becalm there were seteral great blanks
and chasms in the papers submitted to !hoe.
which left them Ps painful uncertainty. and %Inch
ought to be filled up before the Moose was called on
ts take any decisive step. Ile could. indeed.
hardly conceive a state of things which soni.l
justify the measures proposed by the Noble 1.1,4
(Castlereagh) ; but it was peculiarly difficult to
assent to them on the grounds contained vi the
popery. they giving on intelligence whatever front
Scotland, and very little from England, or t!
state of things previous to the inertinga, although iu
was extremely desirable that the Moose shoo
I be put in possession of particular information rel.r
tive to the casters and origin of the discontent.
(Hear, hear.) —lie thought that they ought to has
the most full mid complete information which coill
be procured, before pa-sing measures which wet
tout of a temporary nature, but intended to be per
sissmunt and fSKWI, and to go to the root of the evi
The only iidelligence from the principal seat of tl
alleged disturbances (Lencastei) was derived fir'
Magistrates sinuous to justify a violation of law.
I Mtn j —But even that was nut perfectly, or
least clearly consistent with statements made fro
the opptnite aide in the House. Mr. Hay's lett
contained many things requiring explanation, a
of which, perhaps, explanation had beets given
his Nlajesty's Ministers, but certainly not coin')
mooed to the /lunge. Mr. Hay said, the Riut
had been read once about the time of the

soon of Fiala ; the Noble Lord (Castleresgh)
it had bean read three times, and that the tilagi
trite who first went out for the purpose of rruglii
it was trampled down by the crowd. It sees^
impossible that Mr. Hay. writing the very lillcht
the day on which the tranoactious occurred, di"
have been ignorant that his brother Mogen
had experietscad such airworthy treataint. it •0
load been the fact. nr should so such a stippec"

have omitted to mention it. The reading of the ,
Riot Act was a most material circumstance in the
consideration of that question, and it was abso-
lutely necessary that all inconsistency and doubt
on that subject should he removed, and that the
House should have a clear view of the transactions
of the 16'h of August, at least so far as his Ma-
jesty's Ministers were acquainted with them.—
Another act of the Manchester Magistrates, which
called for explanation, and that in justice to the
character of a most meritorious and respectable
officer. was their conduct with► respect to Sir John
Wog. Ile contended, that a regard to the good
:faille of that worthy and high-spirited indivi-
t:ital. should induce Ministers to account for
.what hail been done by the Magistrates in a
proper• and authoritative manner. Very many
persons were of opinion that if Sir Juliti Bvng
bad been at 'Manchester himself on the 16th
of August. much of the mischief which unfold's.
reek was committed would have been preveuted.
Ile (Lord Althorp) had heard many persons say,
that it was his duty, as Commander of the district,
to have been on the spot where the greatest danger
prevailed. and blame him for his absence. But it
had recetnly appeared that he was there shortly be-
fore that day, that lie had offered to the Magi*.
irate, to staff• in the town, but that they had told
lain it was unnecessary; it was strange that, not-
withstanding, Mr. Norris had written to the Govern-
ment on the 15th, that he hoped the peace would
be preserved, but he could scarcely expect it. On
the whole, however, the deduction was, that if
blame was imputable in any quarter it was not im-
putable to Sir John Bvng. He thought it, how.
ever, due to him to have more light thrown upon
this part of the affair. Another observation which
suggested itself to him on the papers on the table,
was, that a very large proportion of them was
anonymous. It might be 'sec sssss y for the safety of
the individuals who supplied the information that
their names should not he made public, but on the
other hand he thought it plain, from the character
cf the depositions themselves, that many of these
persons had been acting as spies.—(llear.)—This
was appirent, particularly from art account of the
purchase of pikes from a smith by two of them ;
and be was sure that after what the House had seen
two tears before of the consequences of acting on
the intelligence of such people, it would not pro-
ceed on it at present. %Vete they prepared at once
to enact measures of vital importance, measures
abridging the common rights and liberties of Eng-
lis;itneo, from a reliance placed by Msgistrates en
the judgment, acuteness, and penetration of un-
known individuals. who had possibly in some in-
stauces sown the seeds of danger, and in others ex-
aggerated it beyond its reality ?—(Hear.)—These,
it appeared to him, were reasons why a Committee
should be appointed for the purpose of examitring
the paper.. But to this course he knew that, in
the tirst place, the delay would be objected, and in
the second, what hail been insisted on the other
eil,4llt. that it would be injurious to the Magistrates
of Maimliester. As for the first, he said, that the
Noble Lord had no right to avail himself of that
argument, because Ire was aware of the transactions
ill question almost at the beginning of August,
and it was in his power to have had the
blouse summoned through the whole interval.—
Bit t he (Lord Altlinflp) was aware that this was an
argument:4m ad hominent, and ought not alone to
svi 101 with the House. He pressed the necessity
of au inquiry, not because the Noble Lord had
hero negligent iti his duty, but because without it
the country would stiffer. To two of the new Bills
lie did not ice any just cause for opposition. He had
ro objection to the measure intended to prevent the
drillu of the people—that practice could produce
no goad, it might be p►oductive of evil. and, accord-
tingly, be did not perceive any necessity for delaying
the progress°, that Bill; neither was he aware of any
rea•oo fur desiring delay in carrying the Bill against
traversitio in misdemeanors—that measure would

not stfeciisidividuals till the next Assizes. With
resiiect to the three other measures, intended to le-
galize the searching for arms—to guard against the
holding of large tumultuous nieetiugs—and to
impose restrictions on the liberty of the press.
there was nothing in the papers which led to the
opinion that the accumulation of sedition and riot
was so great, that delay during the time an inquiry
would occupy would be productive of danger?—
With regard to the tone of those meetings which
had been already held, he apprehended that there
orter had been any appearance of opposition by
who attended them on the interference of
the constitutional authorities. He believed that,
whenever they had been required by the Magi'.
orates to di•perse, they had done so without at-
t,mpting any resistance. Notwithstanding, it
iiii•Aht mit be right to permit the holding of such
as.kniblies for the future ; but it struck him that
ti was no cause for hurrying this on any more
thin any of the others. He was also unable to dis-
cover shy proper motive for unseasonably urging
forward the Bill directed against the press. He
was aware, however, that in every political subject
It .is. only a balancing of evils; he was aware that
11- should be told from the opposite aide of the
amor, that the success of the remedies would
partly depend on the expedition with which they
'1"`" be applied ; but he also knew that coml.
rh-r,toin and delibenttiou would not only contri-
bate to the wisdom and utility of the contemplated
enactments, but were also due to the character of
the House and its proceedings.—/Cheers.)—He
recommended inquiry, sot with a view to chitlins.
thm, but for the purpose of having imparted to the
!louse such knowledge on this most important sub.
pct. 111. it WAS absolutely necessary they should be
po.sesseit of. Those Gentlemen who imagined
that there was cause of alarm—who cried out that
there was • conspiracy against our institutions—
that the. Constitution was in danger•—tbst law and
good order were threatened—that our property
would be seized—and that every thing in this world
and the next was at stake, surely would not say
that they would be prevented from instituting a
bill. lair, sod impartial examination of the evi-
dence of all these dreadful things, because a pro-
secution might hereafter be oodertaken whist
Mr. Norris, or some other of his brother Magis.
hates, and during the inquiry into the papers
something might come out which would be pre-
to his defence.—/flew, hear, hes/V—
-.llm Magistrates, if innocent, had nothing to fear.
Ile pressed on the House the necessity, in looking
at the present state of the cowry. of calling fur

lr

4)le_ It

every information possi was difficult to ar-
rive at itatisfactory intelligence from the pipers.
This, perhaps, would he rufficient for him to say,
had he not heard the statement of the Noble Lord
last iiight—(//eur)—hied he not heard the expo-
sition of his memo:rem with the deepest nstonisliment
and regret.—(( Iteers front the Opposition)—The
present was a subject which he scarcely dare torch.
—(Cheers./—Wheuever the House had indulged
him with its attention, lie had never attempted more
than barely to state the arguments ou which he
founded his opinion ; hut now, indeed, he regret.
ted his want of eloquence—(Hear)—now, indeed,
he lamented that he hail not the power to clothe his
sentiments in appropriate language. But he be-
sought the House to pause and deliberate. if liberty
was a blessing and slavery a cursr—f,Cheering)—
if it was disgraceful in them to surrender those
rights, sod sacrifice that constitution which had been
bought by the blood of, slid hooded down from
their ancestors, no urrount of a temporary alarm.—
Cheering. l—The Noble Lord then apologised for
hayssig tresoassed so long on the patience of the.
House, and concluded by moving, That the Papers
laid before the House by command of his Royal
Highness the Prince Regent, be referred to • Select
Committee to examine the same, and report their
opinion and observations thereon to the Flouse.
Colonel DAVIES, in rising to second the motion.
said. that when he saw his Majesty's Ministers lik-
ing advantage of some slight mid temporary causes
of apprehension to break in upon our most valuable
rights, and make alarming inroads on our Consti-
holm). he should think himself, in common with
every Member of that House, culpable if lie did
n6t rise and enter his protest against their inessures.
He was unwilling to impute to these gentlemen any
direct intention a doing injury to the Constitution,
but lie could not help thinking it extraordinary that
leis Majesty's Ministers should have allowed the
popular proceediigs they complained of to go on
for such a length of time without endeavouring to
repress them by the arm of the existing law, and
now come down to the House, and ask for new
powers, as if those they had before enjoyed had
been tried and found insufficient ; arid he did say
that this looked something like a design to over-
throw our free Constitution and establish a des-
potism. When the Hon. Member for Dublin (we
presume Mr. Plunkett, Member for Dublin Uni-
versity) had the other night stated the meeting at
Manchester to have been an illegal one, said that
the Magistrates had a tight to disperse any meeting
which from its numbers, or any other cause. threat-
ened the public peace. and when the Noble Lord
had so warmly cheered these sentiments, did not he
perceive that that opinion furnished an irrelragable
argument against himself ? It was known that in
certain parts of the country you could scarcely
walk a road without meeting hundreds or thousands
of persons proceedirg to public meetings, or for
other objects connected with what they called reform.
These things were suffered to go on for months ;
one feeble attempt was made to restrain them,
and now Ministers demanded to be armed with ad-
ditional powers ; and, as if these were insufficient,
our military force was augmented. The Noble
Lord said, this last step was necessary to stop the
progress of discontent. But if 11 s ters were de-
sirous to appease the discontent of the people, in-
itteod of enlarging the military force, and adding to
taxation, they would have taken measures for re-
ducing the burden of taxes which already pressed
upon them, and cutting down the prodigal system
of expenditure which prevailed in all the branches
and dependaocies of the Executive. He had lately
had occasion to look into that department where
the affairs of the army were transacted, and he could
assure the House, that his heart had been almost
sickened by the discovery of the lavish and wasteful
expense which was visible in every part of it. Now.
in the fifth year of peace, the charges of it
were nearly double what they hid been in 1806.
He did not wish to raise any unmeaning cry of
Parliamentary Reform, but he asked, did Ministers
mean to ass. 'late this nation to those on the Con-
tinent ? If the French Government had not con-
tinued blind to the progress of public opinion,
they might have saved that country from the
dreadful scenes of blood and havoc fur which it was
so unfortunately distinguished; and if our Minis-
ters were resolved to pursue a similar course, some
terrible convulsion was inevitable. Fishy concur-
ring in the sentiments of his Noble Friend, lie
thought it highly indecorous of the House hastily
to pass measures subversive of the Constitution.
He cordially supported the motion, convinced that
a persevenince in measures similar to those pro-
posed by the Noble Lord, would lead to a des.
potism.—(Hear. kettr.)
The question haviug been put from the Chair—
Mr. B. BATHURST e.;:presped his surprise at the
sort of proceeding adopted on the present occasion
by Hon. Gentlemen opposite. It was with great
regret he had observed the course pursued by that
most respectable body of men denominated the
Opposition; he had hoped it would have been one
not less consistent with the principles which they
professed, but more so with the feelings and wishes
of all the moderate, the prudent. and the loyal in
the community. who is this alarming crisis looked
up to the House for protection. The Right Hon.
Gentleman %lieu quoted certain words of the Ad-
dress to the Prince Regent, and of the proposed
Amendment to it, as evidence of the necessity of
strong and repressive measures. He proceeded to
advert to some of the transactions of the meeting,
on the 16th August. to insist ou the existence of a
dangerous spirit througlicut the country, and tu reply
to the arguments of the two preceding Hon. Mem-
bers. He concluded by expressing his strong hope,
that Ministers would now fulfil the pledge they had
carried to the foot of the Throne; not, indeed, as
had been said by Gentlemen opposite, to adopt
measures both of law and of force, but of law to
prevent force.—(Hear.)
Sir M. W. RIDLEY said, that the motion of his
Noble Friend (Lord Allison)) was to refer the
papers brought dose's by his Majesty's Ministers to
a Select Committee. The country un this occasion
looked up to the Gentlemen of the Opposition to
see justice done to them; they looked up to them
to watch with jealousy the acts of the Government,
and, above all. the measures they lIU V cuuteto-
plated, which were, in his opinion, the moat miss
chievous that had ever been submitted to Pathos
ment.—(Hersr.)—Let it not be supposed, that
when they Came forward thus to oppose Minister,.
they were at all inclined to favour the persons

called nodicale, whose priuci pity • . gum
the Gentlemen with whom he *coed *raw as little
disposed to tolerate as any of the Ministers of the
Crown—principles which were as contradictory to
common sense es they were to the Constitution.
Let no man ropoose that either he or his friend*
were advocates for the duct lines of unteual Perlin-
ments, universal stitfroge, and eleition by ballot,
all they contended for way, that an inquiry should
precede the adoption of the coercive measures now
its contemplation. This call for inquiry was Met by
a reply of ',You cast have it in the Courts of Jus-
tice." This remedy was now, he believed. recinced
to that which would be afforded by the case of Mr.
Hunt, who was to be tried for a conspiracy. This
trial, he contended, oou Id involve no ptiiiit that
could decide the reel facts of the case brtwern
.the
people and the Goverinuent, on the subject of the
affairs of Mal.clirster. The Hon. Member then la-
mented that the Magistrates, if they considered the
meeting of the 16th August illegal, did not prevent
it, by a notification similar to that which they hail
promulgated oil the gth, and to which the people
hail paid implicit obedience. It was said that the
Years 1780 soil 1815 furnished precedents fur the
coercive measure. now in agitation. This lie de.
hied, for the circumstances of the present tunes
were in no degree analogoas to those to which ailu-
lion had born made. It was a little too much to
call for the approbation of Parliament to permanent
laws, directed against evils in their nature local,
and, he trusted, temporary.—(Ueile.)—The more
particularly when, even according to the statement
of Magistrates, as given in the papers oil the table,
distress was the real cause of the discontent which
unhappily existed in the minds of numerous
bodies of the people in the manufacturing dis-
tricts. It was too much to put the whole people
under • system of persecution, in the manner in-
tended by Ministers ; far better would it be to
hold out to them the hati,d of conciliation—that
course would do much more towards tranquillising
them, than could he effected by measures of se-
verity. Let the House convince the people, that
while it will uphold the ascendancy of the laws,
it will also receive their Petitions, redress their
grievances, sympathise with their situation, and,
lastly, to take into consideration the important
question of Parliamentary Reform. During the
last twelve months that question had made moment.
oils way among the labouring classes of the coots-
try, whose opinion would not be shaken by all the
eloquent speeches of Gentlemen opposite, until the
House could convince the people, by its care of
their isiterests. and commiseration for their suf-
ferings. that it really represented them.—(Hear.)
Mr. Lotto WELLESLEY said, he had heard with
the deepest regret the tone adopted by the Gentle-
men who opposed his Majesty's Ministers on the
prevent occasion, with many of whom, notwith-
etoodir.g their difference of political sentiment, he
was proud to live on terms of close intimacy. So
far from agreeing with the Gentlemen who opposed
the measures, in his opinion rendered necessary by
the state of the country, he thought the docu-
ments now on the table set forth to all dispas-
sionate minds, abundant matter to establish the
melancholy fact of the perturbed state of • large
portion of the people.—(Cries of hear, hear.)—
losteocl of listening with satisfaction to the general
declamation of those who arraigned in liesixe the
measures of Ministers, lie had rather expected, and
so lie knew did other Magistrates, that the Gentlemen
opposite would have at once come to the question of
the !reality or illegality of the meeting at Manchester.
They bad, however evaded that point, soil rather added to
Ilea diminished the of general intimmainin which so un-
happily prevailed in the manufacturing districts. He con-
demned altogether the mode of inquiry so repeatedly urged by
the Gentlemen opposite, mid was fully of opinion that nothing
would more tend n. bring that House into disrepute with the
people titan its taking upon itself a species or judicial au•
thority for which its numbers and usual avocanaus reader it
se en fit.—(fiear, hear, bear.) .

Mr. Dovetail Kintratau, rose at the same moment with
several Members, but the courtesy of the House gave the
precedence to the Hos. Gentleman as a new Member. lle
said I.e was anxious to raise his voice ibis night in behalf of
the suffering people of this country, while yet they hail a
Constitution; for after this night, be feared, they would be
without the shelter of such a blessing.—(f/ear.)—He was
little acquainted with the forms of the House, but be
thought, that when a commnuication like that lately made
from the Throne came under their eolisideratioo, it ought
to be discussed in the most forumsl neauer, and with that
temper and deliberation which world at wee stew the best
regard for the Crown, and become the character of the Re-
presentatives of the people. He felt that the Ministers of
the Crown were in a most responsible situation—his alarm
at the exuding state of affairs won great, and increased it
must be, if by the events of this night he were driven to the
melancholy conclusion that prejudice said passion got the
better of the judgment of the House of Commons, and that
they were wrested to take for granted the assertion of Mi.
sisters as to the state of the country, though that assertion
wu flatly contradicted by a variety of evideisee.—(Hear.)—
He felt the utmost pain at bearing a sweeping charge of sedi-
tion and impiety levelled against the great mus of the peo-
ple of England.—(Crier of No, wo.)—From the best autho-
rities the House knew that the people were suffering under
the weight of the severest distress ; it was singular then to
think that isstend of seeking the mums toremove this distress,
they should at once plunge into the abyss of impiety, and
endeavour to subvert the whole moral order of social life.
He could never believe the people capable of such fatal and
useless misconduct, and he was the less inclined to believe
it, now that be saw the propositioa utterly untenable from
the evidence in the papers laid before the House. On the
part of the people of England, therefore, be protested
against those fearful accusations.—(Hear)—lt was singular
that if the people, as bad been stated, were ready fur
plunder, and only wanted the opportunity of carrying their
intentions into effect, the gentlemen of the country should
leave their homes, around which, if the danger were real, they
world assemble their friends anal tenants, to save their fa-
milies and property from ruin and devastation. The Huu.
Member then proceeded to enforce his opinion, that no such
danger was apprehended, by alluding to the Earl of Derby's
inability, according to his letter to Lord Siihnouth, to arm
a banshee of yeomanry from the gentry of the county, even
though the letter was dated one month after the uccurresice
at Manchester. He had every reason for skinkiag that
much exaggeration prevaikd respecting the designs of the
people, even *here the highest irritation prevailed. Pikes
had beer spoken of, but oat authority that he thought
questiouble, because it was anonymous.—(Nor, hear.)—
He wookl presume to suggest to Ministers the adoption of
conciliatory rather than coercive measures, and to appease
rather than exasperate the people by sowing mutual distrust
among the different classes of society. The people, he be-
lieved, held together and relied mach on each other's sup.
port at the present crisies.-(ffesre,harrfrost the ifirtistirtuf
Betrehes.)--Geattestiew might cheer, but were the people less
likely to coolie is ~bother when they were placed out of
the pole afire law? He larch feared that Niiristess relied too
moat on spiesaad bed created& system which was calculated
to delude them. Ow ahnotter weenies they had heed told that
a dreadful toast WI hems given Is • company of the di..
alfelledb Dreadful indeed it was-0 May the last of Kings
be eleargied with the matrons of the last of Prime ...and yet
it ultimately appeared that this toast was given by Costly
the spy, sail received with &egret by the tompuy ups.

whom N,•iese obleweleel..-4/rette.}.-This wsit the mpY oh• I
was deshod out in good clothes sad prodoerd lea Geri of
honks, in the hope of his imposist upon a Joey. The Hum.
Member then commented arm the Noble Lod% (Cmasim-
resell's) speech is. rapport of the Unroofed asesseers
—e speech which was well described sa Wackiest km
apes the piivileeee that the new Hi& was* le take
away, than upon those which they left.—(Hair,
The Noble Lord lind rather unfairly attacked the female
reformers when he described their political isteetrermat
as unprecedented in the history of this comm.,. Did me
the Noble bird know that daring the elections for Memoir
stn. the Ladies were always promisent--(A
that even in the lost election a Ladies' Committee had ac-
tually been formed in favour of a petit-solar canaille*?
Petitions bad frequently been permuted .0 that linear /mem
Ladies, mid dilly answered hy Parliament. Laid Clarendon
described the circumstance of a Refill 0000 being presentallao
the House of CM:OIIMM by flee thousand of the wives 14'
the citizens of London, Soatherafk. and the issljoblieg
suburbs, nod couched is very remarkable words. The
petitioner% addressed the House in Iselialf of their bus-
hoods, who were taken from them and imps inward, sad
their estates seized in the most arbitrary manner. They
prayed to be eased of their grievances, and protested is
their frail conilition.—(A lowoh).—Theme females, in em-
phatic worth., exclaimed, " See our keyhole& inif.riymied
Goofs us, our children dashed against the stoney. anal our in-
fante' blood Rowing in the streets.."—(//tat.)—'Phis Petilisto
was answered by Mr. Pyrn—the females premed up theories
of the House, and as they were importenate, the trained bards
were at length called out and ordered to fire upon them,
which they did, and the women, in the words of the Histo-
rian. nothing desisted, cried oat, " Peace, peas-e!"—( Year )
,-7-He hoped by slimming this peecedent, sad allsidiouves
others, be had divested the Noble Lord's speech of say link
portions which attached to it from his obsernlions respect-
log the novelty of the acts of the female reformer..—(Esier
He was ready.to admit, that the state of the country was in
wally parts alarming, but the evil he feared would be aggra-
vated by coercive measures; a relaxation from taxation
would alone allay the irritation which unfortunately pre-
vailed &nose the labouring classes. On the subject of Par-
liamentary Reform many opinions may prevail, without the
holders of them being liable to any imputation of criasina-
lily. The Duke of Richmond's plan of reforms had received
the sasetion of Mr. Sheridan, and though Mr. Fox did ant
go the manse length of supporting it, he yet admitted it to be
the ground-work of a better system than the then existing
one. There was certainly a prevailing erns., that only one
mode of Reform ought to be adopted ; though he might
dissent from such an opinion, he yet saw nothing criminal tt
in those who held it, nor any reason why they should be
held out as seditious and disaffected to the country—
nod he also thought that although the people pot theirclaims
forth in a certain shape, it was by no mime a corollary that
they would be satisfied with less than they asked. If they
saw a disposition to coos:side, there was no doubt they would
not he iiii!exibk in their demands—(Naar)—The Hon.
Member quoted in support of this °pinnate, a resolution
paused at one of the late popular meetings, which expressly
called upon the higher orders to join the lower, and avowed
that as sliene.tion of the rich from the poor woald be the
rais of both. The lion. Member concluded by earnestly
conjuring the House to adopt a system of conciliation as the
mode best calculated to allay the existing ferment among the
people, and that most cousoasul to the feelings of humanity
and justice.---(Hear.)

Lord Laseetzes rose to state a circumstance which had
been communicated to him by General Slog, to chew the
grit intention of the Magistrates at Manchester respecting
the intruded Meeting of the 9th August. The Georral had
sailed upon the Magistrates when that meeting was an.
wavered, to inquire if they wanted his assistance or Mit of
the military for the occasion. The Maziatratra answered,
that they did not apprehend any danger, and wool('
not require the proffered •id. The G I appris-
ed them, that he would remain in hie own house, anal
not quit the immediate neighbourhood until after the
meeting of the 16t11, in case that the Magistrates
rboald, if accessary, have an opportunity of sending for him.
Now no 'message came to the General, and the fair conclusion
was, that the Magistrates had uo intention of dispersieg the
meeting wail the eneweiag of the day when they saw the en-
trance of the concourse of people into Mauebester, and their
number and nature. So much for the general intentional"(
the Magistrates prior to the Meeting. The present question
was, however, whether the House could enter into the
consideration of ulterior measure* without • Select Corn.
mittre. Of the Manchester transactions, and the acts that
occurred on the 16th of August, lie knew nothing.—
(Hear, hem, front the Oppositio* Reacher.)—When he
said this, be begged not to be understood as coudensising
duns, he meant to pronounce no opinion whatever. He was
ready to believe that the origin of the disorgenilation in the
country wan in the distresses of the people.—(llear.)
When Parliament last broke up, the menufacturieg part of
the community were in a state of unexampled distress. Ad.
vantage was taken of their situation by dei.igoing sues, and
the idle people attracted by the force of novelty front one
meeting to another, were unfortunately led step by step to
the habit of listening to the doctrines of itinerant ora-
tors, who gave them neither rest nor repose.—(Hear.)—
What he most lamented was, that among those &hided ch.-
racters there serest:may honest well-meaning wow, who were
artfully draws into the schemes of otherr, and redwood into
the sacrifice of their characters and their safety. fled mew
were, be knew, not ripe for rebellion, though he knew there
were others of a different description, and who formed SS
immense class in the scale, who were ripe for insurrectiem.
A sort of infatuation appeared to prevail, and there was on
chalice of ever gettiegrid of the difficulty ao lung as lilt..
rant orators were suffered to perambulate distant parts of
the country, and excite that idle curiosity which every
one acquainted with the manufacturing districts most
know prevails to an extraordinary degree. If this
system were suffered to continue, the manufactures of
the country would be routed out—end the wretched pa.
potation who now complained wmild consequently become
the first victims. He was willing to admit that, even if the
proposed laws were enacted, still a number of heavy prism-
Lions oust remain to be eutlund by the people. Though
their trade most revive, and though the) must always
have au ample portion in the mercantile traffic of Europe,
still he feared that a number would remain unemployed,
or at best but inadequately paid for their labour.—
It therefore required all the calmness and early of the
country to enable the people to work up against their dif-
ficulties, and meet them in the manner which was heat cal.
ciliated to retrieve their situation. He denied that Minister{
had groanded their proposed measures on the general disiff-
feetiou of the people • en the contrary, they hail declared
than 'necessary for Ilse protection of the airmail and loyal
part of the *coassinenity.—(lleme.)—• diStemper had cer-
tainly grown in the State, which most be eradicated or
else it would infect the whole of the communitr—(Heor.)—
It was agreed on all sides that something must be done to
prevent the growth of disaffection and impiety. When this
admission was generally made, he lamented that the Gen-
tlenseu opposite should confine their views to Gee side
alone of the questioh.—(Hersr.)—With reference to the
difficulty alluded to of arming amerriations in particular
places, it must be remembered that the jealousy with whirl
they were viewed in many places by deluded people, was Nub
as on some occasions to deter individuals from amylase Ile

invidious task► lest they might lose their customers. As to
the feritile reformers, he retained his oriels's' opinion, not.
withstandiag what had been said by the lion. Gentle.
nun opposite respecting the Ladies who interfered at elec-
tions. If the latter bad formed union societies for the pur-
pose of bringing up their children, without intuit:slime into
their minds the truths and lessons of religiou and I•a, then
he should lamest their interference upon uccasioas so fo.
✓►igu to their nature. The Noble Lbrd then pedalled
out the evil tendency of t►e irreligions tracts Which were
circulated in the county of York, and pit in grathi.
mealy into the dwellings of the poor people, whose want
of employment gave theta tithe to ►ead ard study sorb
publications. It would be well if a line could be drawn
Whims ease Who attended Ms meetings is the miusitey,
and who were actually disadlected, tad those who wen
minty attracted by admits and catiosily. By proems
mesas In thought many night be withdraws (rum the
hsbits they bed engrained at those aseetioge.—(liear.)
Nut indeed by any enotessioso at this portiasior wawa%
but by • patrol avowal %hitt he had hoped would have

egissaled fin both sides of Ibe litteete, of the fated pikes
which 'oust neve to the propktrosn an adlieseeee to the is-
dividuals sad doetrieee under wheat iollemove they had so
unhappily laboured. If this exprreeive of honest indite
✓odeo were given by the lieese,sseel would he dime to pare
theway is that rereliciliation of the people with oust oho
bad their best totem's as heart, an event so dearahle tot very
geod man in the conenennity.—(Hear.)
Mr. IltfArrt (of Wiltshire). in an eloquent spore+, ar-
estigocd the naeasures of Governmeat as partaking of a t ha-
tatter so coercive, that they mess eventually ettrauge the
pee* from any confidence in those so whom they ought
to he taught to look up for preatreti.on. The Minitters it
tie Crows, 'coed on this areation, he thought, em -
writs who prepared • remedy without taktiog any paOisi
to not retain the real ramie of the disease. The people
ens% he thought, emitted to a better consideration
and sympathy than they bad yet recess:ed. In Otirohme.
opteithstandong Him heavy tstrestes, mi principle of
Madaral Reform had found its way with sitreoks. tVlsy they
were she people at large, be woad ask, coerced, ear. ly
lease the iobaLitsrts e f pars:color it r 1• sear isA•meol
kg persons who look parentage of their Inner slitirtmes to
Mate niflnomation ammo them'—(l/ear, lenr )
Lord MILTON said, that the seitemeut of the Nuhle Lord
(Loscellea) might well It• liable to the ram, otsj morn as that
browieht agaiu.t flee oarch of his flues. Feiend, Innately, that
tee Noble lord looked loot at one aide of the question He
was simian for the naves. of Ike present en two because
Ike Smoky, • kith would in that case be gone ono, would
Necessarily embrace a a full way the Ifitab•llo/14 of Mau-
Homier, • transaction which appeared to hem above •!:
other conies 'hat load taken plaice in ihe country, to be of Ilia
greatest importance, asol to call loudly for the lake poison,
of Parliantrot. He was some that much ohloou y via attach-
ed to him and his (newts in use pare they took 114 that trans-
action. Tay deeply felt that a blow was sketch at the ea.-
itueion of sbetomatoyton that corasion ; bad he nut Matelot
• no earthly consideralion would induce am to act as i.e
did. It was not from any iaterest he fell for she person
engaged at Site Mancitesier meeting—it was teat from may
opinion he had of the virtues of Mt. liont—tito, tour was it
from any sympathy he felt (melte blood 'hat war spilled shut
day which indoiced him to take the part lie took out of that
House, but it was that be felt shut the conduct of stir yeomanry
and the Magistrates, sanctioned as that cooduct was by the
public thanks of the Government, appeared to him ot hat e
toren en attack Oil the prim:jolt* of the Constitutome and the
rights of the people. Whether the merlins at Almschrotor
was legal or illegal, had 'title to du wide star quentoa be-
fore the House. He knew lan a meeting which was
In the first instance perfectly kcal, ewight afterward., from
ifs proceedings, become illegal; but it wee also clear That time
dispersion of that meeting should be made according to law.
Wheis violence was consmotecel us our side, it was but us.
rural, for the sake of resisiance, that violence should Le
committed ou the other. It remained to be proved whether
violence was committed by the people. Ile would beg on
this point to advert to she political letter of Mr. Hay. wril-
ten the day of the merlin(. If any thing nice ..anted to
confirm bis worst Biopic on the subject, if soy thirc
were neeemary to justify the part be took outside that
House, this letter was amply sufficient. Mr. Hay slated
is that letter, that on the charge of the rivalry, floor
appealed a marked defiance on the part of the people :
• marked defiance at the charge of the casaity ! But
what provoked that charge was not skint. It was
clear from she statement of Flay, that in the Grst in-
stance there was an attack made on the yeomanry by she
people, or if this did not appear wo clear to ot ttttt•• Gentle-
seen, was it nut at all eyelets due 10 the House and the coun-
try, that that unexplained transaclion shoul.l be explained
to the couptry. It was stated that Alf. Eliminate, whiltt
reading she Hint Act from • window, was attacked; ol.y„
he asked, was not that fact stated regularly to the House
Mr. Hay did loot venture 10 state that she people was dis-
persed in cousetpience of the violence of the mob. It was
of importance to shear that the yeomanry were attacked by
the mob; and if there were any ground fur such au emersion.
it would so doubt be put forth by Mr. Hay. Then if the
yeomanry were not attacked by the mob, the inference ass,
that the mob was attacked by she yeomanry ; and else fact was
stiongly proved by the asenber who suffered nI the uccasinu.
• Ile amid owl. help sayieg that us Wed falai day the Magee.
trades diaptayed 100 moth of what they 'culled 'atom.; they
saw with rimy. perhaps with admiralties, the triumph of the
Lord Mayor of London in the arrest of Heirloom, at Smith-
field, and ate, seemed snot tttt s to prove that she 'mew vigour
at Stanchesier would produce she tense clrert.—(//ear4—
The tratoaaceion, in every pouts in Which it could he versed.
considering the statements that had been made, verified as
they were by affidavits, and cousidering the keine( of
the country, called fur • full agility. He slid eat
see bow au inquiry in • Court or Law could embrace
the true ends which that House should hare rot
view. The trials mow pealing, namely, that of Alr. Huai
that of Mr. Owen, and the trial on information' of an Hon.
Baronet, a meinime of 'hat House, would by uo means it,.
ride the question, nor satisfy the public. Nothing to • can •
where the dearest prioeiplea of the constitutows apperort.l
to have been violates(, could give satisfaction to she people.
but ma inquiry, sanctioned and ruittlaco d by the Parties. at.
An Hote.Gentleasau (the Member for Devon) had said that
the Magistrates were askeirons fur inquiry ; but soaking
satisfactory. it was said, could proceed from an notary
before • Committee up stairs. He diffeled with those
who said so. (fold not the inquiry by such a ('treat.
neittee lay grounds ur a stsbeequeut and oaken inspoiov,
if such should be deemed necessary? If, um tlw usher
hand, the Cummins* found that the coseleet or the Alava-
trates did not demand an inquiry, they week! ot.-te that fat t
to the Honor • and such thelti•tios frl.l. SUFIS • COM.
milk, would have greet weight with the comity.
—That inquiry, he 'boogies, was due to pahlte tea-
k( as well as to public jnatice, the more w *hru
he considered .he nature of theme measures which erre
last Night introduced by the Noble Lard—measures ninth,
in his mind, were sufficient to abolish she Constitution.
He agreed with an lion.Geolleman oho bad that night ad-
dressed the HMISe fur the first time, that sr tame etwartnes
were made the persaaseut law of the laud, it was inquiet-
ble that public liberty should tureen. Those 110•81110/011, it
appeared, were intended mot merely to pest dowot what were
called dangerorea opisoons in this couniry, but others—
they were not intended foe England skuwr but ter labor
countries—fur Germany, fur Italy, and fur From e. Ile con-
fessed he felt alarmed tsar the liberties of England, when to,
yaw an endeavour mask to shape her Comatose soot her
laws to the views of Foreign facomrsimeset.—_,,j iirmnied
beads, who rule their I.IIIIjeCIS by 011114., OisSon• °MI6 those
of liberty—of Paeans who promoted a Coatitotinou to her
people, and then bloke that promise in Cm loom of ttror,,y
with the same facility with whieli it was made an she tosser ot
nerd—(Naar, hoer, hear)—uf Hiksia, who gonno all with
an absolute and unresisting aV/1111.—Of Spam, for a hoer
pollutes au Act was brought iu last SeO4OlS, probibiling
the people of ibis ciontery from isiteefering in the coo-
lest betweru her end the people of her 'loam,- Att.:one
dismittions—tkominiona which she had holeited by misrule
and oppression. He trusted, however, that Ho re was • spi-
rit reeininiog in Eirelsnd, and Holt she mold nut be governed
by the maxims of foreign States. This cow:nitration,
however, seemed to escape the attention of Almost. ra, mod
they brought forward measures which filled tom with the
most scream •pprelienainne for the libeilltS tit hit to y.
His Nhhle Friend (Lord Lemeellea)alto old re collet that they
were called on to legiskee, sot merely to put Morn the demo-
rigors of Ilse country, but to street the pimple at large. He
hoped bit Noble Friend would ate bin iosturoce •ith she Go-
vernment to 'odor" the* to hides to the prayer* of she pope.
to induce them to hear the story of their ootfrrivis sod
their gee. vase**, nod to posse those reiro.ures sat wisdom
aid coomiliateten, which smili operate more powtotilly than
coircion--csierriim and severity would only memos, discon-
tent, mid perhaps resistance. Fur proof et this, he urea poly
refer his Noble Fo lead so the saertiser that hash 10411 lately
held at Leeds. After the attack at Manchester sod the thinks
of
the Government, the norettag held on the 31/kle Sepleseher
was four or live times MOM 1101111•1111110 Maw uff sif the pre-
views isectiags. This feet sloes wee eivetigh to slow that
the people of linglaimi, cheered by the cueseiwomeres of act-
ing sightly, mild sot be sobileed. He staid not help think-
ing, tie(, if the Hones refused tat go We aft Words y teal this
trunesetims--of they reread to Mined he the payer" or she
petitioas prevented al their hat 61111111 a gp. prs a the
csisetry, they ovoid teed to Armies di: Medi d the

>'

_n

#1
1.1
