HOUSE OF COMMONS, MO*DAY, JUNE 21.

The Speaker took the Cheir at a quarter before four o'clock, and
was immediately summated to the Rouse of Lord. to hear the
Royal Aseent gtren by Commission to several Bills (for which tee
Lads' report).
Mr. RRGLIGIIA Al presented a petition from Robert Atkinson,
complaining of abuses in the Post'Olfice of lreland.—Laid on the

NEGRO SLAVERY.
HOLMF.S presented a petition from Dingwall, praying for
the abolition of neg►o slavery.
A similar petition was presented by Mr. RL'MBOLD, from
,:ornwall.—Lid on the table.
IRISH A BSENTEF.S.
C.A. TRENCH presented a petn from the gentlemen sod
freeholders of Upper Ouory, praying that the House would be
pleased to place a tax on absenvem. The flonourab,e Gentleman
ssid, that such a regulation would materially promote the interest
of Ireland ; and that if some such measure were not adopted, the
miseries of Ireland must continue.--laid on the table
Mr. J. WILLIAMS presented a petition from a magistrate'
named Walter Honeywood, complaining of the increase of fees in
the Courts of law.—Laid on the table.
Mr. BROUGHAM said, 'he Vicki tate that opportudity of
stating. at the desire of the Bishop of Sodor and Man, that his
Lordship never presided at any of the Courts to try any cause in
which himself or his clergymen were interested.

surf:KANN. UATION FUND TAX.
Mr. MABERLY moved fora return of the 'lumbar and amount
of all the salaries and emoluments received by the severe public
alerts. who wete liable to pay t:le 10 pee cent. on the Superannu-
ation Fund. The Honourable tientleman said, this tax was a
moat unfair one, and pet' by only eighty persons in the State.
Sir J. YORKE said, that the measure was proposed by the late
Blarquis of Londonderry, as one of economy ; and the peculiar
language of that lamented Statesman was, that " to relinquish it,
would be to turn our backs upon ourselves." He (Sir 3. Yeats))
aupposed economy was what we had to depend upon, for he**.
earned there was as much 'ldea of paying of the natioase debt, as
'there was of bottling offthe A damic.
Sir S. WORTLEY hoped that his Majesty would withdrew the
Order in Counsel which forced the payment of the tax. fie
thought every thing should be done to serve hose %oho were old

arrasata.
Mr. F. BHXTON'tholegbethen 'Mere no persons an badly fold
as his Majesty's Ministers.
Mr. CALCRAFT said, that he disliked the idea of tonsiderisg
his Majesty's Ministers as taking their places for the sake of
profit. He betiered that they were actuated by minh'better Tho-
nem. Lord Camden did a noble act, by 'sacrificing B,OOSI. a yeee,
to relieve the burthens of the people. (Hear.) He hoped the
Home would do terry thing tartemettrectnomy, until the people
were r,
Mr. ELLICE said, that he concurred in the eiew whfch the
Hemourable Member for Yorke ire (Mr. S. Wortley) had taken of
the subject. He thought the officers who filled the higher eitua-
noes in the State ought to be well paid, and he did not thin:: it
would be bortheneme to the people to do so. Whenever such a
proposition came before theilouse he would vote for it.
Mr. P. °BENI:ELL said, that he was anxious to have the full
salaam given to the persons alluded to.
Mr. W. SMITH said, that he could not see any impropriety in,
raking off the tax of ten per ornt. lie dewed with his Honourable
Friend (Mr. Calcrafte in belief.ng that the public officers had a
dmire to serve their country in responsible offices in the State, and
not a wish for emolument
Mr. MABERLEY said, that the State was best served when
they paid its public officers. If such were not done, al thaw per.
eons of talent were shut oct from them unless they had inde-
pendent fortunes.
Mr. BANKES thought the measure which he had supported on
a former night, relative to the Superannuation luett,-Was a measure
M. economy, and therefore expedient.
Mr. PEEL said. that he was anxious to correct a statement
which had been made, relative to chat he had said on the subject
M Special Jurors, on a former night. lie was reported to say that
• be had consulted with persons in the habit of serving oe Special
'Mien and had found them willing to co-operate with him fur the
improvement of the system. Ile had said no such thing. What
he said was, that he had consulted with the two persons in the
Courts of Exchequer and King's Bench, whose office it was to n.
turn Special Jurors, and that he had found them anxious to have
the system improved.
A Messenger from the Lords brought up several Bills agreed to
L. their Lordships; simony others, one to enable the Eari Marshal
to fulfil the duties of his office on taking the usual oaths.
Lord G. CAVENI)ISH moved the second reading of the !till,
and expressed Wrier in terms of the warmest eulogy towards the
tioh:e Duke who wax the subject of the Bill.
Mr. PEEL Expressed his norpneseence in the Bill.
M r. CANNING suggeseel that the nett stage of the Dili should
be to-morrow.
The Bill was ordered to be committer) to-morrow.
Sir JAMES MACKINTOSH presented a petition from the
Chamber of Manttfactueea and Commerce in Manchester, praying
the House to reeognin the independence of South America. The
Hotionrable Gentleman stated that the petition was signed at a very
numerous and respectable meeting, and would have been more so,
it it had not been so near the close of the Session. The petition
foes to say, thjt to withhold any longer countenance from such a
Government, would be impolitic in the extreme. It was certain
that the Independence of South America could rot be iellitenced.
in any way by any Cenn in Europe. The Government of Eng.
lend—his Maieety's Ministers, were pledged to do se one day or,
other. On a formet night he bad endeavoltred to show that it was'
sanctioned by every principle of justice. and !oiled for by every
primeple of policy. The trades people of England expected, and
they had aright to expect, that the usual protection of the country
eheuld be extended to them in their trade. Ile would allude to the
qt.:limn-it of an officer, of whom we should speak with pride that he
wes a Briton, and regret that he was no longer a British officer.
Never did he hear of a more gallant action than :hat of the cutting,
cut of the Esmeralda. Ile provoked no discussion—he looked for
no answer—but he hoped that h's reeekesty would be advised to re.
mare Lord Cochrane to the rank be bad formerly enjoyed in the
Death navy.
Mr. W. SMITH said, that as long as Spain refused to new-
tin her ardent roir ince', it was necessary for then' to know by
whom they were lerogniscil. But %hen she did so, it was of im.
eponence no longer who recognised her.
Laid on the tableoried ordered to he printed.
NEGRO SLAV EBY.
Mr. EI'ANS presented petitions from the inhabitants of Sud-
bury, of BectingMen. of Chipping Sudbury, of Ashley, and of'tbe
ether districts. payee; for the emdual abolition of negre slavery.
Earl SEFTON presented nesirrier petition from theirs/rough of
Dcoitwieh
These petitions were severalty mitred to be printed.
STATE OF IRELAND.
Sir F. BURDETT gave finite that he should tomorrow sub-
mit to the Rouse a motion on the ptment Stale of Ireland.
Mr. GOULBURN moved that there be laid before the house a
copy of the Twelfth Report of the Coniteiesioners appointed to in=
quire into the Fess tif Olken:, and ethernanters connected with the
Comte of Justice in Ireland.—f Weed. •
Me 8. RICE brought re) the Report cif the Committee on the
Survey and Valuation of Ireland Bill.—Ordered to be printed.
'lee mine Hon. Member Nye beli.tvei cloyed that there be laid
before the Horse an account of the noinher of informations filed'
before Magistrates at General of Quarter Sessions in Ireland. and
cif the net eeier of bills found by Grand Juries in behind, for the'
years jeen, me, and l 823; aleo an account of the number of
Civil Bills heard before Assistant Barrister' or Chairmen of Gene-
, nl quarter Sessions, for the same period ; also an account of the
nuinoer of' Verdicts given by Juries at such Sessions, for the same
period.—Ovdered.
Mr. HUSK ISSON prevented a petition from Liverpool, to re-
peal the exemptios of linen from the operation of the warehousing
PlyStiM• The lien. Gentlemen said, that he did not Intend at din
value of the domino M provoke diecitrom on the subject, but he
&wield bail the day when manufacturas would petition Parlia-

. . .
ment to prevent -We obs truction;and tbig the Fople of 'reload '
would view it as they ought to do.
Mr. J. SMITH hoped the Hon. Gendernan (Mr. Iluakisaon)
' would bring this question forward on some future amnion.
Mr. HUSIE hoped that the lion. Gentleman (Mr. Iluskisaon)
would pledge himself to bring in a Bill on the subject nest See-

won.
Laid on the table, and ordered to he pinted.
Lord J. RUSSELL presented a petition from a person named
John Phillips, formerly a letterrrier to te Post-office, coin.
planing of haring been dismissed from his SHIhPIiOrI.-lAlitl on the
CATHOLIC CHAPELS IN IRELAND.
Mr. 3. SMITH rose to present a paitien from the Rev. Michael
Collins, a most respectable Catholic Clergyman, Pariah Priest of
Skibbareen. in the county of Cask, Ireland. The petitioner stated
that the parish under his ore contained a populatiou of 10.000
souls, more thin 0,000 oh whont were so poor as to bare been
obliged to accept of charitable relief during the late season of ups.
tress in Ireland. The perhioner vouched for the loyalty and good
conduct of his flock, but complained of the &lap:dated state of the
chapel in which he officiated, and to repair which his pour purishi.
oners were unable, partly from their being compelled to pay ter the
erection and repairs of the church of thc established religion. In
that complaint of the petitioner he ( Mr. J. Smith) fully concurred.
for nothing could be more unjust than to tax people to support a re-
ligien to which they did not profess, and from which they nveivcsl,
no benefit. Ile assured the House the utmost reliance might be
l
pla-td upon every allegation of the petitioner, who he had the'
pleasure of knowing and corresponding eith during the period of
the late distress in Ireland.
Mr. G. HUTCHINSON bore testimony to the respectability of
the petitioner, and warmly recommended the petition to the atten.
don of the Mouse.
The petition was theo ordereii to be printed.
IRISH CORPORATION BILL.
I Mr. BROUGHAM moved the second reading of the Irish Cor-
poration Bill.
Mr. PRENDERGAST objected to the passim of so serious
I and important a inea.ure, at so advanced a pers of the Session.l
He would, therefore. as an amendment, move that the Bill be read
again that day six months.
Mr. BR1)UG11A31 rdmitted the force of the objection • the
question was certainly one of great importance; he wished to
see it taken up by some Honourable Member more acqusicted with
the subjects to which It related.
The amendment was then put and carried.
CUSTOMS AND EXCISE BILL.
, Mr. Id ERRIES, on the commitment of the Customs and Excise
I Bill, explained the objects which were aimed to be arrived at by
the measure. It was a subject of general complaint that the
present system of Revenue Laws was very complicated, and it
would be most deniable and useful to simplify them. There was
no less a nit tuber than 2,200 Statutes ; of these 1,700 were repealed,
and :ant still remained, which it was now endeavoured to
move
fur in eight bills, which he would now beg leave to move
fur permission to introduce.
Mr. W. S3IITII said there was at present an unnecessary
number of oaths; the consequence was, that they were disregarded
and shaniefully evaded; in his opinion. ninufroths of them might
with Advantage be dispensed with.
Mr. BRIGHT approved of the intended simplification of the
Revenue Laws, a measure in his opinion of the utmost importance
and necessity.
Mr. I: E RRIES then introduced eight bills, relative to the re.
golations of the several branches of the Revenue. They were then
ordered to be printed and read again this day two months.
Me'llUME gave notice, that to-morrow he would mote 'for
considering the }lnt Report of the Committee on Private Business,
Weave to the Standing Orders of the House.
SIERRA LEONE.
Mr. W. HORTON suggested to Mr. C. Hotchinson the expe-
diency of postponing the 111011011 of which he gate notice relative to
Sierra Leone and Doctor Thorpe, as no steps could be takes in
lrertherance of a nreauire brought forward at so late a period of the
!'Session. lie the:Tare would tot consent to give up the papers
with a view of mAnnitting a motidn on the subject next Sea ion.
The Hon. Member was at liberty at react to state his reasons for
moving for thoae papers.
Mr.-HUTCHINSON replied. He would proceed with a state-
ment of the case of Doctor Thorpe, with a view of siebmitting
a motion on it in the early part of next Session. He would
not have brought forward the subject in that House, but that he
had faded, after nine years' unrauitting application, obtaining a
satisfactory observation to his case. Doctor Thorpe had been
appointed, in 1802, to a situation in Prince Edward's Island.
I, tom thence be was promoted to a situation in Canada. on which
occasion he unfortunately had a difference with the Governor of
Upper Canada. In leoo he was appointed to the Chief Justice-
ship of Sierra Leone. lie dill not go out, however, to that anoint-
ment until 1811. In the discussion which took place inParlia-
meet relative to him, it was admitted by Lord Castlereagh, and
others, that no charge could be sustained against him tie alumnae
of his dispute 'with ,he Governor of Canada, or any other part of
his conduct. It was not until long afterwards that charges had
been got op against him, and in the mode of gettiKg it up, end in
the difficulties as to the procurement of witnesses, Doctor Thorpe
had just reason df complaint. It was not his intention to throw out
aspersions, but it was necessary to state the treatment Dr.
met with, as tkat constituted the ground of his moving fal:=
papers onwhieh he intended to ground the motion which it was his
inteetron'to bring forward early in the next Session. Ile thought
that throughout this business the Colonial Dmartment had acted in
amt.. It was arbitrary. on the part of the Governor to dismiss
Dr. Thorpe without assigning remote,. lie thought the Colonial
' Determent had nu right to dismiss from his office a person who
had tilled so high an official situation and one who had been high
Judge ly
recommended by a distinguished (Lord l'elvertons. He
hoped that the HMI. Gentleman would wonder this a full notice of
motion for the next Session.
Mr. lIP.OUGHAM—It is the fullest notice I ever heard. (A
laugh.)
Mr. HUTCHINSON—His Hen. and Learned Friend had re-
marked that this was the fullest artier he lied ever heard. It was
full, because die subject was important, and he would subsequently
move the House on that subject, that an humble address be re-
sented to his Majesty, requesting that there be laid before the
House a copy of Mr. tioulburesietter, conmining the dismissal of
Mr. Thorpe.
Mr. W. HORTON conceived it to be unnecessary to discuss the
question twice. He would direct his attention to the subject, but
he could net accede to the maim'.
Mr. 11C3IE conceived that this gentleman had not obtaioni
compensation, for the case was one of hardship, and it tlessrvod
to be reconsidered.
Mr. W. SMITH said, as his Honourable Friend had abotaissad
from saving anything injurious to the character of those who were
concerned in these transactions, he should abstain from uttering
anything disparaging to the character of Dr. Thorpe, but he mast
say that, in his opinion, the Colonial Government were correct In
their conduct.
The mttiou was then negatived without a division.
TII E BOM BA 1- BAR.
Sir C. FORBES, after sonic observations, which were almost
inaudible in the gallery. but which we understood to be lecidedlyl
in approbation of the conduct of Sir Edward West, the Recorder
of Bombay, fbr suspending the Barristers in his Codtt for six
months, moved that there be laid before the House a copy of the
regulations of the Small Cause Court of the Recorder of Bombay.,
esmblished in 1700, with such rlterations minims, have been made'
in then) prior to the antral of Sir Edward Wait.
Mr. JUNES seconded the motion.
Mr. 111101.6 HAM opposed it. Ile was of opinion that, in the
Absence of all information. it would be exceedingly unfair for the
House to pats any judgment on the Barristers of Bombay.
Enough had appeared on the statement of the Hon. Baronet (Sir
C. Forbes) to 'hew that the Recorder had behaved with intemper-
ance, if not oppressively, towards the bar.
Dr. PHILLISIORL said, the case was now befbre the only
competent tribunal—the Privy Council. While it was pending,
he considered it improper to allow the es ;mete statements of the
lion. Mover to take effect. lie, therefore, begged him either to
withdraw his moire, or defer it until some future opporturOtv.
Mr. P. COURTENAV, by way of amendment, moved the
previous question.
After a few vords from Mr. TAANT, Sir:. MACKINTOSH,
ltd Sir Csrancsa Ina.cs, in reply, the amendment was

a greed to.
11tr. COLT RTENA Y presented some papas respecting the Cus-
toms smt Excise.
The !louse then adjourned at Eleven &Clock.

rsteKs OF BRITI&H
Rank Stork 238 33
Ditto for Acct.
S per Cent Reduced 94
I per f ',cm-Cons.
Ditto for Act.
Old 34 per Cent.
New per Cent. 101 1
I per Cent.
Impahl 3 per Cent.
India Stock
Ditto Bonds BO CI pm
Ditto-for Amt.

STOCKS YESTERDAY.
Long Ain. 2.1 2-16
South Sea Stock
South'Sca Old Antuities
South Sea Neer Anndlties
Ex. Bills, 2d. 1.0001. 2922 25
Ditto, ' 504)1. 30 22 27
Ditto, Small 20 23 30
Ditto, lid. 1,0001. 20 rm
Ditto, • MI/. 24 pm
Ditto. Small 27 24 pm
India for Ace. 29. s 97
Camila tor Ace. 94.1 n

PRICES OF FOREIUN
Austian Bonds 91(
Ditto•Aect. 9,11
Bonds
Ditto•Aect. lii
Colimb. Bonds 84 .4
Ditto Acct. .11
Ditto Scrip I}
Ditto Acct. 14 4 i pm
Ilanish Bonds
Mexican Bonds MI roz
Ditto scrip J 4 4 42 'l4 24 II

MOCKS YESTERDAY.
Portuguese Bonds 114 Jf
Ditto•A ect. 91 t
Prussian Bonds
Ditto-Amt. 104
Ditto Amt. 91
Russian Bonds (14 5 j 1
Ditto Acct. 1134
Span.-Cons. 21 f
11
.1 f
INtto Acet. 21 2
Ditto LI. Bonds .4
Ditto.i per Cents. (400)15
' Ditto Amt. 135
Krench Rentes
Ditto Acct. 1031.43 e. MK. Pe.
Ecchasige sm. We. 40:.
Thuo Saip 14 pm
Ditto Amt. 14 iis

2 Ditto
Ditto Acct. 43 33 2 21 43
23 2 pon
Neapolitan Bonds U 3 3 3
Peruvian Bonds
Ditto Scrip A 3 dim
Ditto Acct. 9 dis

CORTO, MAY 1/I.—At %ante, as well as 'here, a funeral
service has been performed to the memory of Lord Byron.
M. de Ponqueville, the late l'onsul's brother, assisted at the
service. The sword of the Consul of France ornamented
the catafalque of the English bard. The Greek Archtnan-
(trite Arsenius pronounced the funeral oration, his tears fre-
quently interrupted his discourse; the attendants wept
aloud.
