UNION SOCIETIES.

Mr. L. FOsTEIL gave police, that after the recess
he should wove fur leave to bring in a Bill fur the
Regulation of Union Societies iu Ireland.
W ESTM INST ER PETITION.

Sir FIANCIT 13 UIDETT rose to present the Petit
tiou agreed upon yesterday by the inhabitant house-
holders of Westminster, against the • new coercive
Bills now iu progress through Parliament. Helmic,
that it was adopted at la very numerous, very or-
derly, and very well-conducted meeting. composed
of persons of the above description. assembled to-
gether fur the purpose or giviitg expression to those
sentiments which were common to all moderate
pommy attached to the British Constitution through-
out the country. on the Bills now pending in
l'aultainent. The Petition .expressed as strongly

that at a meeting of reformers held on the Moor of
Newcastle, *mu hundred men had attended from
two villages three or four moles distant, with arms
concealed under their clothes. He had received •
letter front both three place,, of which it would
be sufficient to read the first three paragraphs.
The Honourable Gentleman then read the extract,
importing that the inhabitants of the 'daces in
question had seen with extreme surprise that the
Mayor of Newcastle, in • letter to Lord Sidmouth,
had accused them of attending • the meeting with
arms concealed; that the charge was wholly without
.foutidAtiou, and that they deemed it their duty to
contradict the assertion, which they did, without
any qualification. That so fir front carrying arms
to the place of meeting, they had not with them so
much us a walking stick. Were it nut for the ins-
poriance of the occasion, and the circumstances of
the times, they would have treated the iruputatton
with the contempt it deserved. He had also received,
the Hon. Member proceeded to say, a letter from
an individual residing in Newcastle, with whom he
was on terms of persoual intimacy, whose name,
should he mention it, would commatid universal
attention and credit.—(Cries of Hear, hear./
This individual affirmed, that the statement made
by the Mayor respecting the state of the country
between Newcastle and Durham, was most ,
lous, and a perfect rhorionontade. He also stated
snottier fact, which it would have been as well the
Noble Lord had communicated with his other hi-
telligence to the House. The Hon. Gentleman
then read another extract, stating, that all ranks
of people in the county of Durham seemed to be
hurt at the libel on them, contained in the repro-
agitations made a few nights before in both Houses
of Parliament; and that in consequence the De-
puty Lieutenant of the county had been appointed
by a great number of persons to communicate with
Goserumeut on the subject, and represent to it the
quiet and peaceable state in which it really• was.
Now he hoped the Noble Lord *mild set him right
as to the fact, whether the Admittistration had re-
ceived such a coinmunication, or not. Fur his
part, he (Mr. Lainbton) thought that the represen-
tation directed to be given in it was the true one,
and he believed that the House would be convinced
of it by what would take place in the other House
On night. He had received a third communica.
Lion from an Hon. and Reverend relative of his,
who it was alleged had been compelled, by his ap.
prehensions from the dispositions of the people in his
neighbourhood, to take refuge in the town of New.
castle. He had observed in his letter that lie had hearth
the statement reopectiug himself with the greatest
surprise—that no ground existed for it—and that,
so far from considering the dispositions of his pa.
rishioners dangerous, he had the most perfect con-
fidence in their loyalty and obedience to the law,
as well as in their good will towards himself—and
that he had gone into Newcastle, nut by any means
in consequence of alarm at the state of the coun-
try, which he did not feel, but to accommodate the
convenience of his family.—(Hear, hear.)—For
himself, hr (Mr. Lanibton) had left his wife and
family its the midst of these people, to whom dis-
affection and treason were imputed, and he cosi-
fessed that he dreaded any thing proceeding from
them much less titan he did the measures of this
House.—(Hear.)—lt was his conviction, that the
allegations against the inhabitants were unjust ca-
lumnies—and in consequence of that conviction.
when the Bill against drilling and training should
be its the Committee, he nitwit to move that the
county of Durham should be exempt from •its
operation.
Lord CASTLEREAGH said, that with respect to
the doctainerit referred to by the Hon. Member, all
he could say was, that he had out seen any such
paper, and lie believed that nothing of the kind had
been received by his Majesty's Minister'. With
respect to the state of the county in question, all
that the Hon. Gentleman had produced was the
assertion of individuate,' to which' he did not see
that greater weight ought to be attached thaw to
those of an opposite nature. On this head, he
(Lord Castlereagh) recurred to the fact, which had
not been denied by the Hon. Gentleman; that forty
thousand men bad attended one meeting at New.
castle, and that seven thousand of these had come
in military array. But, it seemed, the Hon. Mem-
ber apprehended great danger from the measures
of the Houae. but none in the world from assemblies
of this nature.—(Hear./—lt was his opinion,
that a stronger proof could not be given than the
observations of the HOD. Member, how necessary
it was that the measure to which he had referred
should be made general in its operation. Not.
withstanding the alarming nature of the intelli•
gence from the county of Durham, lie yet looked
upon the state of it to be so tranquil as to expresa
a deter 11l i l ration of taking it out of the operation
of the Bill, which its condition especially required.
Should it be once limited, other Honourable Mem-
bers would claim a similar indulgence for their
own couutirs. •
Sir M. W. RIDLEY said, he did not know the
individual from whom the Hon. Member (.11:r.
Lamhton) had derived Ins soforination. The writer
had declared that the letter written by the Mayor
of Newcastle was perfect rhadomoutude. Now
knowing and sincerely • respecting as he did, she
gentleman of whose communication such a
meter was given, he felt himself called upon to
my, that he believed tio sudividual was less likely
to have committed himself in that way titan the
Mayor.--( Hear, hear, hear.)—He was a very ine
telligent, a very useful, and it very active 'Magi.
strate; and as oa the one hand he would not readily
.lead his attention to rash and udounchid

was. that • Gemleman iu . . stated '
to a friend, Unit he lord heard the Radicals practis.
ing firer% at two o'clock iu the mooning. HK
friend doubted the fact. and afterward* convinced
him, that the noise which had terrified him so
much proceeded (ruin sonic gas month—(Hear,
sued havAter.,
Mr. LAMBTON disavowed any intention of re-
flecting on the Mayor of Newcastle.
The Hon. G. LAMB said, that the Westminster
Petition had been agreed on by persons Omer re-
spectability and stake in the country entitled
their complaints to be heard with all attention by
the House.
Mr. Alderman WAITHMAN said, that the Smith-
field meeting of yesterday was the moat despicable
in point of numbers and appearance of any he had
ever heard of.
The Petition was then brought up, read, laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Lord MILTON presented • Petition from three
individuals of the name of Dawsmr, similur to that
!presented by Earl Cormirvon in the House of
Lords Oar which see Lords' Report), which, eller
some observati from the Noble Lord, was read,
laid ou the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. Come Of Norfolk) rose to read • letter
which he had received on the subject of the trans-
actions on which the conversation took place in the
House between that Hon. Member and Mr. Wude-
house on Tuesday evening. The letter, which was
written by Sir Martin Fulkes. and stated in sub.
stance, that having seen in THE GLOBE News.
paper an account of whit had passed in the House
the night before, he took the earliest opportunity of
saying, diet he had accompanied him on the occa-
sion referred to, to the Lord Chencellor's Chaim.
ber.—/Cries of Hear.) • • 1
This gave rise to a short conversation between
Lord CASTLEREAGH, Mr. Cows, Mr. WODE.
HOUSE, mud Mr. TIERNEY.
PENSIONERS.
Lord PALMERSTON seeing a Noble Lord (Nu-
gent) in his place, wished to ask him a question re-
lative to the doubt expressed by him on ei former.
sight. with respect to the late proclerna.ioo regard.
tug Chelsea Pensioners.
Lord NUGENT then stated, .thai.be thought a
certain part of the proclamation of October 25,
1819, ir, contravention of sections 3 and 5, of the
43d Geo. ill., commonly called Windhain's Art.
A conversation then ensued at some length.
between Lord Nugent, Lord Palmerston, and .
Mr. C. Long, in the course of which the two letter
Hon. Member. contended, that the proclamation
Wes conformable to his Majesty's regulations, arid
Mr. Wuradham's Act, from which Lord Nugent
dissented.
The SPEAKER interfered, as there was no qua.
tion before the House, sod
Lord NUGENT gave notice, that on this day
sennight lie should move for an }recount of the
number of persons who had been struck off the
pension list, in consequence of the late proclama-
tion, specifying those among the same who had
enlisted for the term of seven years.
SEDITIOUS MEETINGS (IRELAND).
Mr. HUTCHINSON gave mince that he should. on
Monday nexi, on the third reading of the above
Bill, move that Ireland should be. exempted from
its operation.
STATE OF THE fillANUFACTinifilld DISTRICTS.
Mr. BENNET:. rose to bring forward his prontierd
motion fur an inquiry into the present state of the
manufacturing districts. He assured the House,
that lie meant to abstain front the introduction of
all topics not strictly connected with the subject of
his notice. Tile parts of tire country he considered
as coming within the above description were, Lao.
cadiire, the West Ridinv of Yorkshire, and Scot.
land. The Hon. Member then entered into a con-
sideration of the causes which had led to the die.
tress in these districts, and into • variety of state.
silents to shrew the very great defalcation that had
been made since the conclusion of peace from the
wages of the weavers. He was sure the House
would feel a great degree of compassion and charity
' for the errors of men reduced to such a situetinn.—
A lie said, of importance had been egi.
toted throughout the enlightened nations of the
world, respecting the nature of representative go.
vernments, and Scotland was too distressed and
too enlightened a country not to have considered
that question, particularly when the people felt
that much of their distress proceeded from the
abuses •of that system. • Yorkshire was another
great manufacturisig district greatly distressed;
where the public and parish taxes, levied without
mercy, had made the proprietors of one day the
paupers of the next, It was easy to trace the
discontent of the -people to their distress, siet• to
their evil inclitiatious. Such Was the state of the
country, that the manufacturers represented that
if priors were not lowered,.ll)ey should. araree
whilst the agriculturalist said., that if prices were
riot increased they should -be -ruined. Another
great manufucturing district was the hundred of
Salford, includrog three large toiaia, with many
villages, and cootaiiiAig oti. enormous population.
lu Laticashire the distr era. of the people was aggrits
sated by party animosity. lf.there were Radicals
on the one side; there were Oferigenteli on the
other. He could State a fact wllich lie had from
eta eye witness, end indeed. a Judge at The last
Assizes, in the admintstration of justice. •found it
necessary to pass a %eerie censure au the conduct
of a house connected with one of the Magistrates;
for having administered an unlawful oath. On. the
last sinuiversari of the battle 44 the IhYl'ev the
Oriturnien celebrated what be would call tbeit

. . _ . .
6!. woiking fifteen hours; in another, 7s. Bd. .
flawing Mated this—having stated the extent of die-
trete and usisiirirtune, was it possible, be asked, to
expect that the people should remain contented
Accordingly, in the course of last summer, [Mahe
meetiaga were held throughout the country, the
proceedings of which he lamented. Ho would state
to thy House, collected front-the best sources, what
the belief of the people was with respect to the
meeting of the 16th of August, and the transsc-
nuns which followed. Here the Hon. Member
seem into a lung statement of the opinions of the
people of Lancashire on this subject. The Hon.
'Gentlemen' then proceeded to say, that though in-
forinotioni was received of the people being armed,
so disposition to arm themselves was evinced pre-
eViUill tea 16111 of August. He next censured, with
eauch severity, (tie system of spies. which pre-
vailed since 1812, sod alluded to a Petition pre.
wilted by an Hunoumble Friend of his, pray-
big fur an inquiry into the practices of some Ma-
gistrates; but that inquiry was refused. and a
Bill of ludemuily was palmed. He next alluded to
the state of the municipal regulations of Mooches-
ter. to which hr begged the attention of the Go.
vernment. He condemned the laws which pie-
vented emigration as bailar roua and impolitic, mid
recommended the format t of public works for the
employment of the people The Hon. Member,
after a very 'Dimmed appeal to the House, con-
cluded by moving for a Committee to inquire into
the present state of the manufacturing districts.
Lord CASTLEREACIII said, he would not follow
the Hon. Member Into the extensive field which
he lead taken; anxious as he felt when he went down
to that House to concur *ith the Halle Member,
yet his speech embraced such a variety of topics,
that the inquiry he so evidently wished for went
°illy to produce irritation and mischief. The lion.
Member sought to apply 'medics to things which
were beyond the power of Parliament to control.
If a great portion of the people, by the circuits.
stances of the country and the course of trade,
were thrown out of food and employment, it was
not in the power of may government to relieve
them; they could not take from the pockets of
any i.art•of the community to supply another part.
The Honourable Member had embraced every
circumsiince of angry discussion, every local
'hostility, and every party question—there was no
question of political argument, nothing reganling
the administration of justice, and even of the coo-
duct of Parliament itself, that would tint be mixed
up with Isis inquiry. Such an inquiry never was,
and never. ought to be, instituted by that Houle.
He could nut therefore give his sonciiuts to a pro.
position of that sweeping nature ; it would only
iiidatne the spirit of party, and turn then' aside
from the great question of common safety. He
could not fancy a more complete receipt for mis-
chief, and he felt 110 hesitation in giving the pro.
position Isis negative.
Mr. BARING raid, that nothing certainly would
be more incotivement or more unwise than the sp.
pointmeut of a Committee fur objects such as
described by the Noble Lord ; but lie could wit
understand that these objects were contemplated
by his Han. Friend—no such object could he col.
lected from the words of the motion; from those
words he could not perceive any intention of his Hon.
.Friend to go into an inquiry on local, party, and
political questions.; he stated, on the contrary, (list
' she object was to obtain an inquiry into the com-
l.
' Inercial question, and into the causes of the present
unparalleled distress. If any thing more than aii-
other could render that inquiry abortive, it would
be un attempt to go forth into other subjects, and,
above all, an attempt to embrace the endless ques-
tion of the Manchester transaction. His Honour-
able Fluod at the Nance time, under the in.
Horace of that zeal and benevolence which shone
through his public life, could net state his
motion without touching on circumstances which
no one could think of with indifference, and the
importance of which could not be underrated;
yet in touching on those circumstances it surely
was not to be understood that his Hon. Friend
pressed for a political inquiry—(Hear)—He would
put it to the House, that—after they had already
refused all political inquiry, after they had refused
all inquiry into the circutustaticei 'connected with
the lamentable transactions of Manchester, after
they had passed, or were about to pass, five or six
Bills, which, however necessary they might appear
to some, must appear to all as important restric-
tions on the liberties and conatitution of their
country; if, after doing ill this, they separated
without any inquiry into that owe of poverty and
distress which was acknowledged, which was
affirmed by every Gentleman from the manu-
facturing districts-:-they would entice a total dis-
regard for the public good, and even a waist of
that decent 'attention which was.due to the feelings
of the country, and they would give too much Teas
• sou to say that they had not the least Conaideratiois
fur the hardships and privatiomi of the wretched
' people of the manufacturing districts. fie would
therefore hope tbot•ou further reflection- tne Noble
Lord would alter hits view of the subject, and that
he would let them have a Committees mid her would
not think it a fatal objection to inquiry because nit
tion..Fffivid had not r -
~the • se set philters
w)nch. he would wish, the Lord would
prefer other words, •
object, tie would '
Neter was there
inquiry. How was
bees so loyal and r
hove Wen into

:,.--

• • ,
.. . . • •
. , ...
atijisstly, the dissatisfaction of than who signed it, ; =dims, or too easily Ishe 'dorm without resew; rarrid ides -atztbey get opeoimitatife Of Else ihiitiAt .41repkgroblo.?: kV the cobs* •1" tied' aebeits lifor
et such entraordivary measurer, mod -eeprrased a se, on the ether heed, when times were really dam-7 ,Itlf eke Catholic retikiele.. Taer Liget •op a teeth tieteassolitobt bra ovisjimi,ot ipipertaate•se the .
tope, that the m m House • of- Coous would allow Kyoga. uelliteg *weld cause hint to shrink from i' Pope; .and sifter curious 14 ill *eat trininplt, they eohjeet, botilleselt dsiortbai tgesid hear Yield Yelp . ,
time for the nationto give utterance to their opt- , the ferules, pelformarice of his duty,-r(//toy. I%ll,brok off the robes, sod e Clergymanbes, of the a I stp4 ehereii•litemeor light the pometitrifau itspiirpeo .
..
Mons on laws, admitted un all hands to be of a very ' -Altar.)—So much woe dne to an old friend. I. 11+13sbrd. Church vies foetid. so.ietterly lose tee his imearesiaritetAteatioat'ef theyearestrpepsisa the causes ,
important nature, particularly when it did nut ' As far as he could discover, the „statement c.rutaiss-•, ellootion.aa to have pmehed at sermon en the oiliest
,sitoistido. From the cosiederotiori he hot ,
,*
appear the' there existed Coy s.eceuity for urging ' rd in the Mayor'e letter was perfectly correct. But .oecasion.—(We noderstood the Hen. Member to , gives it, itAppeered to him that the preseirt die.
~
these forward with such precipitaiii.7 es to like ', with refereuce to lb. general alarming state of that titre • meant u muck serMen.)—This ctiuduct lie tress of the, caintry 'was fixed tip with argot
.....
Sway 'the means Of ascerrai ll il ig the sense of the ° county. he entreated the House not to believe all' trensidired aims • sable—he, considered it to be many cirevuostances...thet it *rose from a .disi..
~,,
toss sstry upon them, The Hots. Baronet then they had heard. He thought lie had Abet morning..: little short of 'edition against the law, end hiss- nislied oseeneepliou of our ruaisefactiree bethest ..
'moved that the Petition be brought up. • ` found out the individual whu had given the.intelle., • plieiny against religion--it wes an act which he home -mid abroad. As to the theinautitio of the .
Mr..Latawron said. he rose for the purpose of ' geuce to Govertuaent. but from sill the quarters to -earth' •iitit -contemplate without horror. He held cousumptton of oar manufactures at house,
,it was .
ill his hand e itatement of wages in • s,sace of .sullicient. to elate that all other chafes of wiry .,
s-cmidiug the mono's; but he widied to take that `which be had excess, he Ives led to think that the
opportunity of stating that he bad recently received , danger. had been greatly exaggerated.. Some flan- country comprising nearly the entire of the maim. had fallen into distress—that the agriculterall
• cumniunication from certain parts of the country. ger lie agreed existed; but unquestionably it was ' :factoring districts, by which it appeared that the classes were greatly embarrassed—owl, is face.
where disturbance and danger were alleged to exiat. ' sou near so greet as the Government appeared to wages were front 6s. to Ins. • week. In one plice I there was uo use class completely Gar from toe
to which he particularly requested the atteutimi or ' musk, and Is. believed that the disaffection was i the wages were 7.r. per week, working lifteeu hours general premiere. • Frees the highest landlord tia
the Noble Secretary fur Foreign Allaira. The ' rapidly sub.irting. One fact which would she* each day ;in another, (is. working fiftetti hours; I the lowest weaver, ell men were more or less
statement had been made and repeated in the House. ' how the reality of the danger hail heen magnified, ,in soother, 7s, working fourteen hours; in soother, Visited by the prevailing disarms, That di.tresa.
. .. . _ .
that iieighbourhood -'

as a mailer of course, reduced the commosp-
ties of manufactures, the diminution of morass
created a diasinutiou of consumption. The same
might be said with respect to the redaction of
oar manufactures abroad—.the same distress pre.
wiled iu America, and operated iu the same way:.
tbe.questiou of currency, winch crested so Medi
confusion in Eagland, operated in the same mast.
oar, though ors a limited scale, in America. The
agricultural productioiss of America, rice, costae,
tobacco, was reduced one half in ealue, and fee
duced the Customs by tom half. It was, he keno.
offensive to many, to state whist was $. oftaa
Hated before, namely, that the alteration in oar
situation was occasioned by a change from wit td
peace, but that wee literally the case. Ariotisor
cause, one of the most important muses, was the
discontent of the people—that wail a cause, which.
if not removed, would lead to absolute rubs; if
peace, order, and tranquillity were nut restored iu
the manufacturing districts, they' would fill luta a
state of anarchy and ruin, and it would be itopos.
aible for business to go on. fie felt this so strongly,
that it was his opinion; that if the present state of
things was not ;rut an end to by some MOMS
or other, there would be sums asi rod N the
manufactures of the country. What means
should be employed, whether coerciou or coo-
ciliation, was quite another question ; of this
he was sure, that the worst cocotte or the people
were those friends, who, under the mask of patriot-
ism, would ruin the industry and overturn the in•
siitutious of their couutry.—(Hear, Iseett.)-e.When
he said this, he avowed himself a moderate re.
former, that reform which would be setae and prac.
licit: it was not to be denied but that a great par.
tiosi of the people of England expected some
change in the formation of that House; but when
he heard it said that the state of the representation
of that House was the cause of the public distress,
he could only suppose that a misrepresentation so
gross proceeded from a contempt of the under-
standings of those to whom they were addressed.
Under what system did their manufactures arise ?
Under what system did their wealth and resources
increase, which had no parallel in any state in the
world? Was it not under the same parliamentary
system to which modern agitators impute all the
extent of distress and misfortune ? Such was she
extent of the miserable delusion under which the
people laboured, that in their cottages the
picture of Mr. Hunt was hung op, us the only
person who could assist or advise them. He
merely stated this as lie passed, to she. the state of
delusion under which the people laboured. He had
heard it said, that the manufactures of this country
could not return to a state of prosperity. Ile did
not see on what foundation that opinioie rested. if
they looked to the state of the foreign markets. to
the extent of country supplied by the maunfactories
of Great Britain, they could entertain little op.
prehension of the decline of those manufacture=,
There was scarcely s man from Cape Hama to Bal.
fin's Bay that was not clothed by the. manufactures
of Great Britain ; there was scarcely a home in that
extent that was not furnished by English munufac.
tires. There was also a very considerable combusts's..
Lion of our manufactures on the continent of Eutupe.
So that the consumption ofour manufactures was err.
fain to every reasonable extent, mud to as great au
extent us soy country could wish. It was true that
the country could not look to that degree of cont.
merce which she possessed when she had the moon.
poly of all the commerce of the world, but lie
did not at all apprehend that trade would not re-
vice to a very great degree, if the country returned
to those habits of industry and peace, au long che.
rished by the people of Eugland, and which were
the springs of national greatoeea, and of individual
happiness. If that improvement did not take place,
the country would decline; the rivals of Eugletal
would turn out her manufactures, and the people
would then appear very wise legislators, without
bread in their mouths. No roan of fortune wouid
intrust his life and property in a country so agitated
mid disturbed—it was impossible to expect it; and
he understood that a number of persons were fast
removing from the mannfactuling districts. carry.
ing with them their capital and their talents; this
was an evil of the greatest magnitude, hut it was
an evil which every day would augment; he did
think, he did hope, that those 111811116 were uu.
founded, but the alarm at present was very green.
For the last Tour years English capital had been
vested in foreign countries, but for the last, four
weeks capital was sent out of the country to a great
amount. if tranquillity was not iu some 'day re-
stored, if tire labourers were not rteiniciliel to
their situation, and if • the capitalist did not feel
snore security, there was no calculating the
extent of puulie calamity which would follow.
There were a variety of eircurristencee, which
would he fur the atom to consider, with a view
to the restoration• of public order' and ireciiity.
Ile would not say what were the pirticuliir.ipeasurea
which Parliament ought .to adopt.. The 'senor,.
even the moat &laded aostrogst theus.•akesereed.
consideration. He' was oatisfird Sort they were
I misled by honest feelings iuto a behiefnf the illleacy'.
of many absurd projects. If inythinjr co4g.ke
donstfor their immediate relief, in tint simte. of

i I,‘

II 01.1jeutiuti• to 11191.17 WC,5•411% In. • w• w -
not olowd.tile weenie get phrafts contribution. he would maid, ; Wai• amok •. •
Noah. If .the Noble Lord tumid million •or twit millions.. divided iiikertie-ttbere .:• •. • .
r. will keeping in view the mem mold piodbee *atilt!: t ' •
Kerr objection to adopt them. atmadinic the extent of Atianciakdaymii;. 1ar1441'.:;•. •
wester came for Parliamentary be tbs kilt mar Ili the wo4W
rue it that people who had ease feet. • Them wets uses ufAiumit a impkventama .. •
jto peaceable. gigaiw all at nude whets die House 'hewed a disruillosio pomp''
tumult and . What • 'lllOOB7 aid, At the same fiaiitlisflireAd this. . • •
ad a treasitios as Geddes end as ad
a hated .the 'Men of =4441)640a

s effect sr/ beneficial purpose. He was Ma that
there were millirem of moneftieturere obsoletely
• starving; if so, •tiontithetion of two nullities wrielil
ohs little or norm*. and one mantra/ from • melt•
sine which 'viewed 1014 of the power than the dis-
position to serve them. Yet, if it could be at all
r.-conciled to policy or to prudent-, he would wish
to effect it, brit would have one rivet at least, it
- *mold Irive the effect of cisevincing the nautili-
site people, that Parliament sympathised in their
distress and felt anxious to relieve it. In such

sr. ewer, be would utmost set with his feelings.
eves against the eolit..cliciatet of judgment.—
Another topic on which he would soy a few words
ems. the state of graces. fir frit eery strongly
against any interference on Ow head, hut the pre-
sent circumstances were so peculiar, and the dist►ess
of the labouring claims so great, that he was, at least.
burned to go into an inquiry on the subject of
wage*► The estraordinary state of wages was in-
fluenced by the existence of the poor laws. When
ne heard Gentlemen my that wages should not be
"interfered with, that they should be left to the free
operation of enures, and should regulate then.-
selves. he wail of opinion. that these Gentlemen for-
got that the poor laws put us in an artificial antra-
Lion. Suppose that one hundred thousand manu-
facturers were at wo►k, suppose that twenty thou-
sand ut them were put out of employment, the
@lmmo and emborrassment consequent on that event

would net ,fall iso the twenty thousand unemployed,
but would he visited on the 80,000 in employment.
The habit of parishes letting out labour was one
pregnant with moth evil. It was the interest, or ap-
peared to be so, of the manufacturer to screw down
the wages of the labourer to es low a standard as
passible. But the great manufacturer could not
do it, there would be a general opt-cry against
him, he would become odious as he should hatpin., '
TO be eminent ; o regard for reputation as well as
the feelings of humanity prevented that class of
etsanufacturers front an attempt to reduce the wages
of lahotryrrs;. but the small ineu, who had no re-
ptstation to lose, who were careless of censure, and
were too low to receive it—:hose men collected to-
gether the scrapings of the workhouses, and from
those they procured labour at three shillings a
week, whilst the eminent manufacturer paid 10s.
This proceeded from au artificial state, occasioned
by the Poor Laws. Hence it would appear, they
were not at liberty to follow the doctrines of politi-
cal economists, which were in themselves Round,
but which were not applicable to the peculiarity of
our situation. He felt much difficulty on this sub-
ject, and though he would not pledge himself to
the 'urinate, yet he would wish to go into an in-
quiry as to how far it would be practical to establish
a minimum of wages; it was, he confessed, with
great reluctance he approacheil that subject,—
Ile would now my a few swords on the question of
currency. He thought the public distress connect-
ed with that ques,ion ; but after they had gone so
far towards a resumption of cash payments. he
thought they ought to persevere. If they could
have justified a depreciation of the currency of
25 or 30 per cent. by coinage, it would have been a
great 01)0.3; by not doing so, they added 30 par
vent. to the notional debt, at a time, too, obeli it
was felt more heavy on their diminished means.
The difficulty was the greater, as it affected
trade, than the difference of per centage be-
tween one amount sod another. He took ii,
that the extent of circulation for purposes of
mle, was equal to an augmentation of capi-
; for instance, if be could go to the Batik
at any time he wished, and could procure 100,000/.
or any other sum, that facility of rioting money
ehliged him to keep the less by him ; but this
facility wits greatly dimi•dshed, and that circuit).
etstice greatly diminished the spirit and the facility
of speculation. Whether those speculations were
spurious or not was another question, but it was
vet-taut that the couutre was then Labouring under
the effects of those speculations. Having taken
ii:e lice they did, they should pursue it. They
were prevented by a sense of honour from establish•
ing a depreciation by cnittage, but at the same
time they 'bunld not act differently from the course
that bud been pursued at former periods. He took
it. that the two metals 'should base been admitted
is payments of notes—gold and silver ; red tie was
convniced, that if the Batik was empowered to pay
silver as well as gold, it would give great facility to
the operation of the system. Should he hope the
gotise would support him, he would make a distinct
irution on this subject. [living trespassed so long
the attention of the House, be would only add,
he hoped that the Noble Lord would see the
•,stice and the propriety of tin inquiry—it would
ta,ew a becoming tenderness for the situation of the
:.eople—it might tend to that most desirable of
ad objects, the return of peace sad good order in
Late manufacturing districts. He did not despair of
s.-eitig that object accomplished. Comparing the
piste of religious and moral feelingF., such as was
*wet cherished by the people of England, with the
situation of the country in former times, and with
the situation of ally country in Europe at the pre..
sent, lie saw no reason to despair. On such a preple,
whatever might have been their errors, the measures
of wisdnco and of justice would have their eft, et.
Mr. BOOTLII WILBRAHAM, after passing some
I.igli compliments on the siseevti of the Hon. Mem-
a,rr who had just sat down, said, that on our point,
timely, a nsixistunt of wages, that question had
tutu a cutisidered by two Committers, amid the result
was, that it would be considered highly destructive
to our numufactures. Oct the speech of the Hou,
sMiaer. (Mr. Beim tr), be said that nine tenths of his speeds
W4ll oil local questions and on lucal parties—us Waage
lastitua isms, and other mattas,, more than the nature of trade.
' 'there was, Ferber', nut a gentleman in Lancashire, whom
• it was desirable to have au the rumenission of the peace,
tail dial not belong to it. They had strays avoided adroit-
ling say one Into it who was reamed ill Ctletaltitt or mane.
traction froma smapealeos delicacy, lest such persons
retest blase to hnag thorn' own corkages before umber Magi.
snows os claps of aliseesdact, its which case tbe fin Id-
alive of all the parties must be haply silicoses.. Seine.
Shia[ had bola said about Orioles anuciations. There err-
sun:, bad bens es Orange. processiou at Liverpool, and A

ism dismissed. Be doss argued aphid the propoailiou at
his nun. Film., fur seavertiag the ssmerliosus manistoctor-
Jag populatims tato labourers or assts mud quarries; sods
tasploymmit dwarfed with their habits, and had ualfuraily
failed In experiment.
Mr.Wit.soutsonee opplanded his Hoe. Friend's
el' anti humanity,
displayed in the rivaseusr of proposal(
hie Res station to the House. He wished the poor creator..
Iwho had hers deluded into a belief that the House wise
corrupt and deaf to any consitbration .if their distresses,
could but have bestial him; it would, he really believed,
• bore almost cured the country of the pernicious tesdosey
; of radical reform ; they would hwy. learnt from him the
• danger which they ran into, of 'ldyllic the iwanoraetoring
; power out of the country. This we* a merman peril at-
i bodied to commerce, which distinguished its interests from
iloose of agriculture. Look at all the great cuissasereisl
Some which ever existed—Genoa, Venice, Florence, the
I Haugealie Towns, Holland—it ovoid be readily perceived
how swiftly their wealth and strength deputed at the slightest
shuck of ;stainer. He agreed in the urressity, if the thing
were possible. for the Howse to devise some measures fir
getting the unemployed into occupations of some sort. lie
palh.tieally and repeatedly expressed a desire, that tome.
thing of the kind could be attempted, at least in the way
of deliberation. He was confident that Mini only
avoided it, from the fear of exciting hopes which nu human
• ability could fulfil. He did nut think, hog/ever, that his
Hun. Friend's motion was sufficiently free from political
sir party motives. to accomplish so desirable a purpose.
The distress which prevailed was the necessary conseqiinscr
of a long and victorious war. God forbid that those who
bad thrived by any thing so evil in the abstract as war,
should not be visited for it—it ass agreeable to the dispeu-
sations of a 'amigo Providence. He thought the House had
been ism careless atom the education of she liaise genera-
otherwise they unlit have prepared their omits for
the mighty chases"; which bad taken place it. British society
and property, so as to memoir their respect for property
and their reiseration for its owsters. He had always been an
advocate fist molt rale Reform, though the general character
of the House satisfied him. He silireted to the motion.
Mr. PHILLIP.; rather dreaded the effect of proposing any
measures for relieving she distress of the tassisfact urea', (or
fear of exciting expectations which could out be realised.
lie did nut see how it was possible fur the House to raise
the swages of taboos., that could only be effected by natural
means He had attempted in his own neighbourhood to fix
an age fir wages. He applied to a Gentleman to make
boo some resume of ibe patrol scale of wages earned.
It was found that met' could earn fun, hire to twelve
shillings per we. k ; buys from four to eight shilLwg., some
less 'woe Inure. It was most important, at.bough great dos-
tress existed, that it should nut I.e overstated. In families of
numerous t•hildren. too or more generally laboured; a grown
child earned as much as the father ; • wile full as much as her
husband. The stook was, that many of these families were
living iii great comfort. He 'bought, however, Coo an ac-
quiescence ia the motion of his Hun. Friend would hove a
good t ffect especially coming after the denial of bigotry into
the Nlsseichester hushes, as it would prove that while the
House were determined to put dowse disaffection and tug
mulls, they were inclined to consider the distresses of the peo-
ple *oh all anxious view, if possible, to their relict
Mr. STUaaT It'° KKKKK was anxious to speak, from the
fear of being supposed to guild in the way of inquirisig iota'
and relieving the d' se• of the country. He really be-
lieved that a Committee appoiuteil fur the purpose, free froin
political considerations, night do great good by its bare in- •
siitution us it would convince the prop'. list the House,
hooey, r willing, could give thi m use effectual relief, and that
lime was the oily remedy fur their ',offerings But how ;
were they to come at the Committee> Not by the 1111/11011 t
of the Geodesists opposite, which was mixed up with
political and piny asperitits. But how could the House !
descend to any measures of conciliation, when the ;
only terms demanded of them were the moods r of the !
Constitution? They had hearth much .boas Reform; ho
was glad of the frequency of the discussions which took
place use that subj. ci, locause they would in the and help to ;
convince the country sisal the House was constituted accord.
ing to the Constitution itself, and that any alts ration Of the
rersesetitatiuti, while it would produce nu alteration in the
public distress, would, in fact, he an alteration of the Coo.
'motion. Ili allusion to Lord John Russell's motion o
Parliameidary Reform, be wished to slow them bow it
was likely to be treated by the Reformers, He bad a
pamphlet in his band, written by a person of their own ;
rack ; the public voice attributed the work to the late I
candidate for Westminster; it was a work of ability; bat I
let the House listen to the views entertained is it towards I
them. It was eutiikd "A Teiling Mistake; or, a Reply !
to the New Preface of the Second Edition of Lora Erskine's '
Second Defence of the Whigs." The first extract he alludd
read ran shoo ;--;" It is not quite su consoling that your
Lordship places the sheet.enchor of your hopes in I
the motion of Lord Joists Russell. Disclose h ! I
are you laughing at um, my Lunt? There is not use
man excepting hr. Perry, and he only says he dues, I
and your Lonlship, who cases a farthing; about hie
Lordship's proposition." It was pldu that Hermon would ;
not he enough ; nothing but the destruction of the Condi- ;
to s ssss would satisfy the Reformers. He read again a pos.
sage implyieg that the Parliament wsa looked to by Moab.
tees and the public as the gathering of an army ; that it
would chi that openly, which Ministers hid dour Myer.
fertly ; it would corer the Manchester transactions. and pass
laws in accordance with them. It ass then asked by the
author, " What prevents Ilse people then from going down ;
to the House, out the Members by the ears, sad
throwing the key into the Thames? Nut aftectiou—we have
no greater abhorrence than the abstract idea of a bo-
rouglimongcr. Not their abilities—there is perhaps, sin ;
annual of 'rich insignificant intellect as your mere Mem- !
bee of Pediment ; though in his corporate capacity
the earth bell nu suds bully." The other passages quoted
by the Honourable Gentiensau maintained the right of
resisting eves the Parliament in acts subversive of aloes/testi-
tuition. How was it possible, he asked, for the House to
deliberate on reform, or any other question beer;og a else- :
racier of conciliation, un.:er such threats, when •at would
ouly be construed lute weakness?
Mr. MAXWELL spoke in lesson of the motion.

The LORD ADIOCATR objected to the motion. He took
• review of the state of Scotland, about which there bail
been much tuitio:dement. The weavers had been din
because wages fell • they eudeavoured to make it up by longer
hours, which increased the quantity of produce already too
great, aud brightened the distress in proportion. 1 be spin.
tiers bad to wait for water, so that they could not overstock
the market , hence the wages had remained, in some eases, as
high as 40s per week, yet there was a greater proportion of
radicals among them than the weavers. The collier.. of Scot.
land were worse; they were at preseut very well off, but at the
heginuing of his Majesty's reign they were mere slaves to the
as I collieries, and could be brought bark if they ventured
to leave their proper owners I. the same unauaer as slaves.
Kay, worse than that : if an old pit had began to work anew,
the colliers formerly belonging to it, could be broaght back,
sad compelled to out k in it. The Parliament had put them
ass the same footiug as the other inhabitants of the king-
dom, sad had, moreover. rendered null and void certain
bonds for money, ruined into by the colliers, to full the
condition of their former slavery, and yet these were among
them the most radical 'traducers of that Parliament which
had so emancipated them. Radicalism had spread even into
the Hightaads, and in great measure tainted that gallant
and loyal people. Leagues were funned lwtweett tlum
sod the Radicals; Union &tit tits for reading and die-
crowns* radical politics wire formed, and so were
reloads fur teaching lire dui:times almost all user Scotland.
The decay of rtligfou was uresofest. Wearies worked all
day on &today ; wises who used to go to church spent the
fureauun iu talking polities. At Paisley a riot, commenced
on Saturday, eatutimsed elwoogbout Sunday ; the bruise of
a mintier r ••• actatked.. The same thing had taken place
at Clasp.. Thee Lerili.ietionstiot of Lanarkshire bad writ.
ten In hint is sty, that Ittihad sr addititta to lire military
force, he tool/ out answer for the peace of the 'reality.—
He did not charm the Rottierds with torholeare generally:
there was rather an 0.6164H1111 silence let their iteinessoor, as
if some eatrasediusry elijeet _weighed us their *snide. He
had great Lops, however, is the voirstoes measures Covens.
meet were shoot I. oniopt, Mgutber with the s igitaure of the
blintistratis sod the general good sense or die prairie, ref re-
"'dull the cimikt,i b tragesillell• As to conciliate**, at

Was dal of de Iterating, until the Radicals reignited litett
to rife pentessitore, rad (hewed their neheoheirte ld the laws.
Mr. Ewes, to 'hew the Hoare what a great deal might
he dune if they were inclined to adopt his Hos. Fritters he-
lms. begird leave to hale stone particulars of his own
knowledge. He had made ae experiment as to fitting the
ithrfamett of wages, and the resell was far Irryitooll his ex.
periatioes. Then bad here some disturbance at Coves-
try, nut connected with pobhes, het springing from ohs).
era distress,. He recommended the maisosfaeten re on that
0CC11.6011 la treat their workmen with leionery, tool do all
in their power to reduce their suffering. They met gm
•Peo4leaflet% and immediately ruhseribeel four hooting
prensis. This anal had here laid art in relieving Ess•
mermen families. He engaged with them, if they would
keep up the wages of those workmen whom they could ent-
PI"Yo he wooed unite, lake to supply the rifeessittes of the
nauteepiril. Fur this purpose he clime to town and begged
loser, from house to house, which he remitted to the
teentry committee fur distribution. Thr cotireguesier had
berm, that although the wages were kept up, NU digiti-
sation of the deemed hail liken place. This was cis.-
latisly a benefit. It skewed bow much might be doer
by the House, if it would resolve on any measure, sod
support it by grants, to preterite a minimum of WWI*.
It was only at worst taxing one part of the country to pay
'mother, mire diterssed than itself. This would reared,' dos
however, to revive our foreign commerce, fur whirls we
could never have a demand to Shp sate°, of the ability to
produce, thooth we might have eh, trite is sot fur la"."
aaaaa to keep our inamolact urine population in a slate of cuss-
fort Tetuttillel went as ruining slicer C.ll6llltlreC; he mention's
il as CO svidence of its inc policy she wool tax. lir hail voted
Sue she return to cash payment', from common honesty;
his moons was to do away delusion; if a pound note were
worth 20.. its reality, why nut pay one all readily as the
tither It was, however, manifest that a ditutioution of tier
circulation most theu take place, and that was the soot
11,611: us • rice to the same amount and timatitia.--

With less means then the public hail more taxes to pay.
IVIIrt was the conduct of Ministers in this diffi.-ulty ? Why,
they laid on alias.. snore mations of lases, and among them
the wool tax. He would nut puha vial the iinpropriety of
taxing a raw commodity; it had always been held irs sit COO.
Crary In political erasuuniy that it had sterner beep at.
tempted except in three instances it, this country. He
would past it to the Chancellor of the Exchequer if he worild
persist Its burdening the commerce of the crawntry with
taxation, al tto its extinction, awl certaiiily to the danger
of reroluii 111 l He would say fur himself sant die manufactu-
rers lie represented, take away the tax on raw silk, and then
open she purls to France; he was confident llteu that the
Encleab manufacturers would .all more than the French.
He apprehended that nu one doubted that the first great
cause of the discontent was dieter's He cutest:tined this
opinion wills Lind Bacon, who said, Oat geritrally disaffec-
tion Ist a country resulted from distress. If the measures
proposed by Ministers failed of *saves., and taxation still
seem uti, capitalists would leave the country with their w►alth,
stud we would be reduced to the same cnitrist that Holland
bad. Suipiciuus of she aecurity to the public Cr, deer see m•
ed to bare grown up, not au 1111 l g the lower 01 middle
classes only, for lie could assure the House, that within the
spare of a week nisi.. Notate Lids. the warm supporters
of~liuirtrn,hail ROW large sums mit of the Nods. Facts
Of Ibis slot would come out, and lie thuright it his sloty to
make this statement puhltely, that if stinger did exi.l, the
country might he made aware of it. lie should essppurt the
nuoimi of Isis Hun. Fririssl, though be thought Monsters
should nut shift um any C mitts e nip stairs the duty sod
responsibility of and' an important investigation. but look
the dais e. es of the eimistry manfully im the (ace themselves.
Mr. Pau, was anxious to deny an inipulat cant opus.
him, of baring delivered the sentioseni, alias WP 11111%1 make
•w opium tretnern the tuaunuaucr of Bill usb manufactures,
and the British Cuu►tuwttuu. What he hail said was, that
while there were persons ready to take advatstaze of the dis-
tress of the nianufactorine, districts, 10 promote Ilse rtisruu•
Irlii of thris population, lie looked wish gra at apprehension
awl alarm to the slate of these districts. He thought
Mat the safety of the British Consitintion was pes fectly com-
patible with the prosperity of Mir suanutectures, and lu
say otherwise, would have betrayed, al lea•t, very bad taste
i■ woe s, min Is i..delsted In them is. be was himself—(Haar.)
If reason and judgment ■lour were to hr cuilsulltd they
bulls answered, that there was an utter impossibility of de-
vising may remedy fur the distressing state to which neer ma.
■ufactures ware reduced. Fria all that be Lad heard, mid
Crum the spirtt in which tlse debate lard been conducted, lee
was the nn, re routine. d that uu gond would result from is.
gutty. Hr was extremely sorry that the ai+ ct of placing
a Mißi//14/11 by law to the wages of manufacturers lord beer
istirsidsseed at all. He thoitgbt that the iurvitablecrsasequence
of such a law would be to throw numbers out of all employ.
meld. Fur what would Leconte of the helpless and the weak,
who stow earned a certain pittasice, however 01101, when the
master should have been compelled, by a Legislative enact.
assent, to pay a cerlitiu rale of wages to which those classes
could not bit held retitled !—( fiearj—The Right Hun.
Gentleman theu expressed his doubt of the mood policy ace-
desvuuring to provide employment fur the poor by means of
public winks, lu he carried nu with taxes taken out of the
pockets of individuals, who would probably expend theta
enure prudently themselves fur the attainment of the same
object —r Lord cheering.)
Mr. BARING and Mr. ELLICI respecilvely explained.
Mt. J. P. GRANT .aid, it was the duty of the House to go
into the inquiry, tither to discover some remedy fur the alas-
terrors of thr people. or to skew them that nothing had
bees left untried fur that cud on the pet of their repre-
sentatives. . . .

Mr. J. SMITH supported the motion, hot was through the
greater part or his speech ioandilde,io consequtuce of speak.
ing front muter the gallery.
Mr. W. SMITH said, that at least it would look very un-
gracious to refuse inquiry. He thought it an absolute ab-
surdity to suppose that our mauufactiirers would be relieved
by. the de_siouction of utachluery , relief to them was to bo
produced by au increase of fc.crign trade and home con-
sisniption, mud it was the height of fully to suppose that
that object could be effected by a measure which would ren-
der ono u fart u red articles clearer.

Mr. J. Sxmi and Mr. W. Sytrtti nodosity explained.
Mr. MAsseittn (u we understood), expressed his regret
that the Hun Mover had suffered himself to he led away so
much by party spirit, that he could nut vote for his propos
lotion. At the same time, if as impartial inquiry were pro.
posed into the nature and causes of the distrtss in the ma-
nasetureng districts, he should give it his best though hem-
ble support.
Lord A. HAMILTON said, slat the distress was as ffiIEESI
as the (hulk/non, and it would hecione the Nuhk Lord
and Isis rolleagnis to enter into inquiry, in ratter to &else
the means of alleviating and preventing the (urines' rather
than to pees. measurisuf seers ity to punish the latter.
Mr. DAVENPORT said, that be was friendly to inquiry,
but (se well as we could collect) uudecided un the present
occasion bow he should vote. _ _ _

blr. TIERNEY said, that nothing like general argument
bad kites from the Noble lord, or any of his Colleagues, iu
aoswer to his Hun. Ft irad who bad opened the debate. His
principal object in citing was, to delend the cuormo punned
by Ins Hou. Friend its bringing forward the mottos,. And
however it might be received in the House, he was convinced
that the excellent unitises whtelo led to It would be duly ap.
predated by the country. and slut of it were agreed to, it
would lead to great good. He could nut approve of an
isiywiry of ON limited nature prupwsed by the Noble Lord
jCattleremgh). He and his Colleagues were alarmed at au
extensive turratit.attoo, because it would lead to the Infer.
elite that they were responsible fur a great part of the evils
tinder which the country was labouring. The Right Hou.
Gentleman than censured the vooduct of Government is
rarioas particulars coaneeted with the distorhanees of the
cennitry. We were held up to Ibis country, mod to the world,
in the most pitiable sitnation of any nation us earth. Fur
the ind time, it was affirmed, *About fear of contradiction.
that Noble Lords had so=d largrty out of our funds to In-
vest their property is the French funds. But he thought
that the fact, of which he bad been w►ll asseired, that small
145111$ of or 304:. were irasisferied f this cont.try
to the sane place, was infinitely more alarming. It was re-
presented that trade stagnated, that our eaptial was Swain
into other eitionehi, that there was a distrust in our finances
and ks public reedit, sad that hlsapherny and ireeligiens
(width is did not beliese), had ortillowed the land;

THE iiitITESH PRESS.

LONDON,
FRIDAY. DRCZNIIER 10. mg.

A hope was held oat loot night in the House of
Lords, that some limit will be put to the velem.
dinary power now !assessed by the ATTORNEY-
GENERAL. of keeping informations filed ex officio
suspended, according to his caprice, for any length
of time over the head of si:y individual. In the Bill
now pending for expediting the trials of misslenies-
IMrsl, it was proposed by Lord HOLLAND to insert a
clause, hunting the power of the ATTORNEY-
GA:MORAL ; but it was thought sdvisahle that the
measuie should be made the subject of a distinct
Bill, whidi the Loan CHANCBLLOR undertook, if,
on consideration he found it practicable, to submit
to the House of Lords on Monday next.
The Bill for subjecting libel to the punishment
of felony was *gain made a subject of discussion
in the /louse of Lords, but the Report was received,
cud the Bill ordered to be read a third time this
evening. A precaution, however, was adopted last
eight. against the abuse of the Bill ; fur the
offence of a seditious libel was in tome degree
defined, as far as it was possible to dame a

HIGH W,

seroinis was preached to the nwenbers of it afterwards. A
tripoli slew kid taken place is ososeqnsent of this proces-
sor& **did mid approve of such associations, or those
protort wao. hot be bad beard nothing Ithanwside imputed to
tot at Liverpool oil the day in question. The mot coon-
dominos in Iris 600. Friend's speech was, a ebonite width be
reimposed in the slialeipality of Manchester. Manchester
bad dowishell ender the old atuaicipaitty, which was cont•
posed of a bernaghreere. Iris depot,. and two ceastables.
Thep were elected attanalla at the Court Lett of It. Oswald
Iplissoley, and in no nee Inouye bad he baud any complaiat
Mtaiast Woo except in our case, obit's, tiros hernia&
