RICH WHEEL.

" 'UPWARDS Or tn-Nottr --liCAPITALS AND
• +OTHERWISE BET TO BE DISPOSED OF.
DA) or . Dit.VtS' IN null he on
pkiry ili
E..ty.- Au vast Q.—Every Capitol vet 'd
!-altuva k's bees finned by different Alike tweets •
she suer part, timely, io.cr7o, s,usel. the-Tined Day ;
6,145, 0nip•,•01 the Foarth Day • No. '47, nomad. Wee-
mire/ the onobiltav, nen:told In 36 Shares by Sir JAM ES
BRANKOHR sod (t). at thar Lecke! Lottery Oilices,
No. I I, H!•lburn ; and 14, Haymarket :
the fortinate Helder; of each rmipective Share may receive
ea demand Shesseut Lit. of bee said Prtre. sad where Tick. is
sad Slier," are owe millet to great rarity of Nnnibera% nu!.
basted unileaven, and by whom the followimc Ca ;ittnls mere
Seed, Ja.aliSkesea, lathe tool Mate and City Lotteries
• 1 Ale i 4,443. •. • L.Ms.tton No. i5t,t97....
14,909• •• . to,ni.•; in,!200 • • 503
TEO t 0.... *non 1014.. • • 500
17.168• .• • - 41,4000 3,744 590
9473 •• • . .s,OOO 341,99 see
loote-6.... ',goo 29,430 lto
• 10.40 ••. • • 1,000 • 17.949 hob
9,300
Asi where Nu. t,syn, thc only Grand 40,4001. Prise
eeit Lane, was 101 in 16 11%h...tithe
) N. 19 Allures." hy the poet (hey executed, and Tickets and
Sheen may !m Wel by sprlyiii; to a•:y of v.;rJ Braner,,r,,ye
A.:cut. In the eOritry, nh the same terms as it scot from
Leaden.

DIBEACES 047 THE VRATOIRA, AND CERTAIN—
L.OIMPI.AIAI S.
S sole ?roprittor of DERAN's celebrated
'I NfILDICITED DOI:GIES and REMEDIES, Sr.
DVFOra informs the Public., that he met, us usual, be
daily umaulteJ,fma Ripe to Three, * hie !louse, %u 54,
SAO, 01 eases of STRICTURES, OR,
STRl•cTitrillt, irsulers, he. he. as well as GO-
NORRILEA, DEBILITY, and every Disorder where se.
crecy is we memitinily requisite. Every Patient is introduced
is • sepssatwayiertiased.
Yr. D. bee, Aar imsoi rem, (waisted himself to that elis
pa:tweet of Surettt ; end, from extensive practice, sail Cm
mist flateerisir laser es, lie is ensbkii to offer a teethe] of
rare, m:W, tattoo-1011f, requiring nu coufaseaseat or restraint
in diet, and which ;invents a relapse.
Persons in the meaty stating their cases hilly in •letter,
iselostag • ti. er a al. mite, wet bare proper Remedies seat
to Hai amount.

for the various Svmptoms, j•CC PPP, lately published; the
Sixth Edition, peke rs. 6ft. P TXE.ITI3f, oa the &holm
Complaints; to be had at tot rhAtom's those" Ow may
place whets kis Bougie. are suit

merit of Oporto, calla upon all vcteinn soldiers, of
iboy regiment- of the • Line, who are net actua:ly
cauilayed itt the service of this Prpyinee, to join
the two regititeu'a v:itielt are to be orgwomed in this
city. Every soldier who join,' the stud r%itismits,
is to have II betnlti ui one unoittit'spsy, end receive
every day four eiaciat, toesidtvi-reg ituentah:, omit-
trei,tetsts, at..l the usual riiiiiistry ulluwtakr. g,verjr
sailer who serves already in the said regiments.,
or snall acne is themi to future, shall eoioy the
saute pay ; the present eircuinsbatiees do not parodic
to show wore. The Militia, wheu oa actual duty,
shall enjpy the tine.
The WiDEOP, Prisittiod sod CeTarow.
opert•, iLe2Otaiuuc, taus.

- •
PROCLAMATION.
In the ri:s:ne of the-IPA:ice kiegeat of Portutgal,
the Suprcin:: Council or tinet,outeitt of the City of
Iporzo, wakes .limuf. .to all the .sotyects or this
said Pnnce, oar Lord, that the French Geistriei
went is entirely abolished mid exterminated. in this
country, aid the royilatitholity of OM' 111WIY.
ereitru restored, aisicii aathority shall be fully
and iinlepespfeutly azertised by the said Supreme
Council, notil theGor.siinupetit sappo.,tited tins
kingdom lay his litoyalHigfinest shall nave raanina..
•ed their futt•_•tioas. In pursuance thereof, the said
Council orders and directs, that oar said
Master shall be proclaimed, and his goys( Anzio
put up aid respected, as they arways ,were, !ad
rinKlit to be ; and that all the Constituted
Antlioriti,s shall act lii conforatitf herewith, and
all orders "shall be expedited in the Royal :Same of
oar said Lord.

The BISHOP, President tad Governor.
Oporto, 19th June, t")•11.

EDICT, IN THE NAME OF TVE PRINCE REGENT

et LOQU.

The Supreme ("mine& of Government, appoint-
ed hi this city, ordain:6am! clarets, that Jose Mon-
tette Gerdes iie Vast:ones-1k" Mourso, Captain .if
Cavalry, share take charge of the Military Govern-
ment of the vo hole district of Pensive. Sohro, I'a-
mega, and Arcatante, anal issue all orders lirCess.lri
foe the Hayed Serviee, in the amour of his Royal
Highness; sll persons being bound to obey lin.
and lend him till uecessary assi.aance, on pain of
being dealt with its rebels and traittos to the State,
Ile is to transmit the necessary edifice *6.1'11 the
splicers end soldiers who served in the Portuguese.
min.., directing thew to oin theleaid army. * ailout
tare Irma loss of time. lie is estai to require die
Politic Boards iu the neighbouring distnets, iu
proof of their loyalty and ITII4IOII, to procure.
with all pewibLe shsplity, tare t, reran otyplits of

tenses;
Myrmi-
dons:. To thid- was eddael.threeis of the goillutioe,
fusitlacles, &c.; threats which other wretches arro-
gasstly sad ittoultiozly circuiated.
...kin the lat'a intelligence wri reeeived that
40ou French soldiers were to arrive on the tollow-
lowing day, end in confirmation of it the Governor
ordered carts to be preoaret., to convey provesions
to them at OliveS7l des Arneyas. where it was
reperaed they were to halt fur the night. At ...fain
the evening of the same day an interior uBicer ar-
rived. Sesnug -the casts Ina.ling. he imlignently
that to the French they sboustl only
semi. powder and toast." lis co.nerptesoce of this a
naintser e.f persons inamediaiely collected, owl pre--
veils...a the cart,' from nod the adept
pledged trot:self to dicta that thsv stiould be ass-
si4ted by his cosorades. Lie imoissdiateiy went to
the barrack-4 at Laps, and the sotglief ic>sembling
with a sufficiency of artillery, advanced to the
11911111 re of St. Gosh°. The same officer, footnoted
on hereaback,. displayed tilt essozu r,‘ arsp,r the
L'ortagoese aura. .sod in a loud viime, pool With
street floury ars*, elignity, eeelartned, Leog jive
the Pnoce Regent r One mr.;lst ivy that usen
spinang.twat of the earth, %Mee thousands rifled in
the.ety, and ressentted• vie sane expression. The
ent,stiUrs nissreltti with speed to the teoke of.,the
rivor..anci planed artillery to preveist the eatronee
qi ills,Fre..ch. The ausilisrses ran to atookthe
items beat, the beile were rung, the doers of the
ins asine were broken toren, t re people !looked
there to take arm«, and in a moment thee hoie city
was in a condition to defend its-alf against as army.
Picture to year tisuLgalatson sleet a -.1:4-rt this was;
%soltul osofindase, that in the mid t of all the eforsfusiou
ancidessrairto a peutde to such a state oftsmOsotioff,
there was tact a lasc.,4e drop or blond spitted, not a
house burned, nor ups. carnage. The oily object
lii view was to prereltit the entrance of Ss his rile
flint's to bte:lre the isetßotts of such Frenchmen as
were in the_tccon, aha tool/ care to cusses al them-
selves, emiiiderinx tlei, netsukes temporary.
Raymund° 'nen ai.pekt i. having been cars.
cealed since he fled from the.‘stoistlis of l'or, Where
be had been conk halt, and took upon hirneellthe
command of a part of the new town. On Sunday,
the lgtb, n Council wets So haste to form
a Provisional Goverismest. •'1 hey oe..t for the
Bishop to attend the Niretint, bin 1,.. bet.s4 indis.
poise 1, it wias 64:eed flint the Council shau!d ad-
joura to iris
" not peuits!efor me to express to yon how
the inertial spirit siiifitssed sto lf. Even women for-
got the onturst of re', end took up
arms. ~.4slotner, t.ut arms leo the hand, of their
suns; skews iato t1r.04 of these tustivert. Them is

F

not a persoln who is not willing to assist ii cur:.,a-
iug Ms religspit and country. Every malt is a vol-
der, nod ever! soldier is, no host its himself.
. Such is the force of enthusListn. The inisfortuite
is, that having a* many ern*, iie hare too officers
to tlit.l:t them ; if there w6,e, there is nothing
winch we 4 raid not effect. ~
" As the vessels arc about to sail, I have mot now
time to sitsseere olusii•lluat I have seta, which np
pears to me, in fact, like a dream.
" On the ethic, fifty heroes of Austerlitz were
brought here, who were wet to us from Coimbra,
wain they were seized by the students and inha-
• To make sure of them, they bound thetas
to other with coeds.
i " the t 7th. another scene more itriking oc-
bert
coiled. • Forty FreitCll, who resided here, were
IVIPOVeyed from prison to a vessel, which carried them
+iis.
ta the Euglisla squadrou. TIMIS we got rid of the
ranch i but whea shall we get rid of the rascals
'ere in their interest I
• Lois ()briers was brought here front St. The-
.., *sere he was arrested, put into the common
it, mud afterwards sent to the Castle of Fox with
.; suspected persons.
- Thc-prrivinees of Atiaho, Tres dot Mantes. and
/Mrs, follow our exatnple. We are anxious to
.e.v what }sissies at Lisbon, with which our cam-
•-suissisication is cut off.
....
" Two thansand the hiindred Frenchmen, cern-
manard by Goers( Loison, were advancing. to
this place. Phis furious and sanguinary neu, it is
reported, itateaded to make a dreadful example of
the inhabitants of this city, on account of the joy
manifested b 1 them when the Spauiards seized
Questscr, the Freock Cointnandant. But en his
arrival at Megas Frio from Almeida, being istform-
nil of what had taken place, he retreated to Larnego„
whae he vossmitted dreadful carmage."
"JULY S.
" Yesterday a plot of a counter-revolution was
ai.cevered. ha it were coacerued two of those who
*hewed themselves most zealous et first. Luis
Pauline, who was also coticerued in it, or suspected
of being so, was arrested to-day. A Junta of the
Supreme Clovernmesit was held, and in all their
acts the greatest dignity. zeal. and circumopection
were uppercut. From Lisbon we hear nothing.
Mace the cominunicatiou is entirely cut off. It is
Reported that Janet is entrenching himself, but it
is uartaia that the whole kingdom of Algiure has
Oaken off the yoke wbich oppressed it. How differ-
ontistheappearmos of Oporto, joy beaming in every
ilimateusuce, from what it was. a few days ago"

" JOLT*.

" Spain pee us the example, which was
timme-
Ey
litleoved by the province of Tras dos Monter.
mid aH the couutry between Douro end
did sot delay long after. Beira imitated
alto Milli Algarve did the same on St. John's Day.
Am With they massacred all the French whom they
iffy, sod their perfidious adherents. Lisbon ro-
iled/1a to be rc-conquered, where Junot still COM..
Mee& ; but his reign will be for a few dabs only,
eessidering the pro:unity of the Spoiniah troops,
who are advancing to beserge him.
•We lied hardly shaken off the yoke which op-
timised as, when we were on the point of being de-
stewed. Some perverse spirits, who had sold
themselves to iniquity, had formed a plot to plunge
its inta the former chaos, and to reduce the town
to ashes, in order to raise themselves upon its rules.
They had planued to destroy the existing Govern.
relent, which could not have heel' effected without
much blood and slaughter. Providence saved us.
The conspiracy was discovered, the conspirators
were arrested, mid their trials will commence im-
mediately. We are use yet acquainted with the it
acesmidiers, 1 shall therefore not give you their
shames. Luis Pauline, however, is one of them, if
you recollect the name of such a fellow. hlsinuel
Freer, Florin-ator of the city, was also arrested
yesterday, osi account of his bad conduct, cud con-
-weed to prison amidst a tkeusaild insults of the
' 11A-women lied weds.
• ' "Ish:s dov an Euglish brig of war entered the
. .
ewer, amid ..,nu.• up as far as the bridge, where there
4- was already a Por‘tiguese sinned vessel to defend
• the town. We have a regiment of Ecclesiastics,
eith their colours, &toes. HIGCI Inoue. Friars anti
Canons. intermixed. anis soldier., mount the Bi-
shop's guard. 'l pie Familiars of the Holy (Are
are dressed io regimentals, with their Abbot at
their head."

" Jima 6.
84 Noce yon left this place, a plot has bten de-
ftcred, ellsiAt was laid to eriect a complete counter-
revolution ; the primipale of which, Late Camiido,
Brigadier of Engineers ; 7.laiincin Maris, Captain
wf A, ti.a.r, ; sae Cadet of the Legion, and enoti.er
ILicitetiaot of Artillery. have already been arrested ;
awl in g.meral all the Artillerists have been dis-
mined. 'I'M plan of those traitors has not yet
transpired ; thus h, however, is ktiowo, thse
they had a seerct niiderstandmg with the French;
and that, in orderto effect their purpose, the guts
Jima of Almeida had been joined hv none mope
AlltsLamego, and actually eidertirraTelew Who"
from listaego, to the 1111113SCT of 4000 men,
eifth td pieces cenoon, in their way In this city.
Ilia *tiled, that all the Artillerists were bribed,
and that otany of the first ;;er.tletnett of this city
were ilitlvlicated iu the conspiracy. The btil of
Jniy was she day appointed for its exploston, when
a greet .teal of blood would have been spilt hen:,
if an di...every had brei made. The people are
greedy exasperated, and justly so. they call for
vengeance.
" A great many Firlidgos (or gentlemen; will
have to insect' to prison, end we opect great and

bonttninary scenes.
" LUIZ Pouliot' wtts also arre•oed yesterday.
feel lunch regret. tit itis tittfortuteste
would Dave XOllO to %Co' them lull; eiut.r, if I 4.141
not tf Lit would lte veuturing tuu muk It fur the
pw-seut, os the *milled suipielool lend. to notate-
dilate uniteistmtnott. 1 sh:111 taut: further inn ticto -
lore iu my next."

MOM TUE UC rcii TAPEAS

cwFKpaae,l,•illlltt 26.

It is at.erterl, that the rrw.‘on or the knismider-
stuacling which prevails beta ctli the lgoglis:i
thy Swrsles, Rod which lies hitherto prevented tire
lie-ding of the troops
.arrived st Gotteolmrgh,
that a demand ens made on the part of Eir.,irtnel
to oacopy *lour two taxon places, nauteli, Cic.t.tu-

burgh and 11arstrand, which Sweden hes hitherto
110 i conceded. •
Six or our gun-boats. which sailed from Kinee
Bay on the morniug 61 the 20th, were attacked by
en English ship of war. After a pertly lung Call-,
rionade the ship or the line sheered off. sad our
hoots proceeded on their voyage.
ann. JULY 4.
All the letters received from Fuhoax and Jet-
laud, :peak in high terms of the discipline anti
good order which prevails among. the Spanish
troops, as well as of the good spirit with which
they are animated. They have heard with great
satisfaction of the accession of the King of Naples
to the Throne of Spain. It is asserted, that they
have seat an Address to their new Sovereign, and
requested the Prince of Ponte Corvo to offer to him
the homage of their fidelitii and attachment. The
Officers of this army are already anticipating the
return (under the Government of a Prince of the
Imperial Family) of that gloantis era, which will
reetore to the Spanish nation its aucieut lustre."—
(iisatitarg Correspondent.)
MATTA% JUNE 25.
The following intelligence has been brought
over from Sicily by a prisoner of war:—The force
to which the defence of Sicily is entrusted, consists
of 10,000 English troops, and 9,000 Italians ;
mostly robbers on the highway, formed into regi-
ments ; but the misunderstanding between these
different nations is so great that it resembles a
civil war. Some Officers of King Fewdritand
have been caned by the English troops on a
certain occasion. The Court of Sicily being well
convinced that the said force is pot sufficient to
defend the Island, has called out a Lery-en-otasse,
which has caused very great discontent among the
Sicilians. In order to quell this discontent, and to
organize the levy. the sons of the higher families in
Sicily have been appointed Colonels, and the
troops of the line are deprived of the few good Offi-.
eery whom they hail. All this causes additional
perplexity, which was prevalent every where, when
the report was spread that Admiral Galitheatirue
had unpaired in the Mediterranean ; in one. quar-
ter you would see hope, in another fear, and in a
third uncertainty ; however. the Court did not ne-
glect to reinforce the capital, and at the same time
to secure the proper means fur their intended es-
cape.--(Moitireur.) .
GIBRALTAR PAPERS.

GIBRALTAR, JUI.T 2.
IN TIM ISLAND or MAJORCA-

D. VERDINAVD VII. MHO Or SPAIX ♦SD ADJACENT
11114.11 D, •ID, IV ■ti DOTAL HAVE, HIS VI-
CILLISICT VIZ OF HIS AUNT

MID !NONO
I sake it hewn to the Mattel and loyal ieleahltanto of
this gilaied, that het eight I easrened, ie my palace, a meet-
in. composed of all the Constituted Authorities, to lay be-
forethem t►e coarse which. ought to he pursued wider the
eighties eiresioistanets, is which both my loyalty, and the
unanimous wish of the people require, that we should con-
fines to acknowledge Ferdinand VII. as our lawful Soya-
Nita, in consequence whereof it was unanimously agreed
erre, that three Weeds shall einitiatte faithful to Hie Ma
jeaty Ferdinand VII. To which end, end that we may have
the beeefit of the fell exercise of t►e right of Seveviripty,
in his name, as far as mislead, a Board wee appointed,
w►ich will be'ls t►is evening to sacrum the same, and pub►
lish what may be deemed conducive to the preeparky of
this island. ATe DISIM stall be sung, and t►aa shall be a
Levee, Royal Seigle, aaJ Illainieatioa.
(Signed) D. JUAN MICUF.L DE VIVEI.
By Command of His Escelleisey, and as Secretary autho-
rised by the Board .
(Rivard) BARLOTOMI JOCIAS.
Royal Castle of Palms, %fay 30, time.
The Supreme Bourd has sent me the following
letter :

Mo•T trans Stn—D. Diestioio Capes, Mesaber et
this Board, and an Essig* in the Navy, accompanied by t►e
Portuguese Captain, M. Sehastiens Marlines, is going, in the
name of t hie Hoard, to infiam y our Moat herrn, irbseve of
the oreurreeeee Inch hare lately taken place; and as they are
thought important, it has been deemed requisite that be
should give you a verbal account of the shine, that you may
take the resolution and 'lend us the saisistance tibia' we
stated is used et May God, Ste. &e.
(.tigneti) MARQUIS DE CARRIAN.
Aysmuate, June 90.

The purport of thi+ verbal information is, that I
the French have been driven from the forts on the
right bank of the Guidiena, opposite to iti) aisionte;
the inhabitants of the left, assisted by tie few Re-
gulars who were there, and a handful of armed
Portuguese, have beaten the French troops, by
which they were garrisoned, and hoisted the Spanish
flag in every one of them. The low of the enemy
ainonets to 91 prisoners, and a number killed.
The whole of the kingdom of Algarve lain a state
of insurrection, Villa Real, and Cashornasin, as
well es the batteries of Caitaaquera, and St. AMOR,
-inssieisoost-taken possession 05.—The rebel Mallet
has been hands:Laded, and let down into a dry well,
with 26 other individuals. The remainder of the
French troops have gled to the mountains. Faoirii,
Faro, and Aillon, are up in arms, end the military
chests of the Irene h hive been wised; the few
Spanish troops above mentioned, consisted of Cata-
lonians, Provincials, and a small number of Mur-

A Portngitese Captain is come to inform the
Board, that Alpirvit and the whole kingdom wish
to he under its protection, in the muscat Ferdinand
vll.

PARTICULAR' OF THE ACTION BETWEEN TWE
FRF.NCH SQUADRON AND THE BATTERIES AT
CADIZ.

(Flom Tht Cbra"isle)

ROYAL. &ALE OF LION, JOSE 10.

At a quarter past three iti the e►ening of the 9th
instant, the batteries on the channel ski Trovadero
openul upon the French squearoit, commisitiug of
three ships of the line and
the arsenal of the Cornea, of the store-houses. and
na:tgriine‘ situated at the point of the Crinterg,
followed iatu}edistt:) ; and acre supported by the

flotilla Aatio.tedin the bald arsenal.and i,y thft on
the Cadiz station, wine/tam:lmm! opposite Furze
Luis, while the French ships themselves lay in die
can.! of the arsenal, in such a position; that they
were out of the reach of the cannon of the amities,
as well as of oar own ftquutfron. The French ship
of the line, Algeciras, finding herself greatly an--
islyeti by the mortar buttery of the Canters, di-
rected the whole other tire against it, and succeed-
ad in die.mounting its ordnance, but without killing
any of the men. The gain-boat. No. 17, com-
manded by Ensign (of frigid,) Valdres, and Escu-
lent's Alistico were sunk, but nu lives lost, as, dur-
ing the whole of the engie;einetit we had but three
or four killed, and as tautly *minded. With respect
tot he eiteiny, we are unacquainted with the extent
of their loss. Their ships have suffered iu their bulb,
but not in their masts, the Algeciras alone having
lost her fore-top-mast and cross-jack-yard. A
few shot from the enemy's frigate fell into the
arsenal, one of which killed one of the slaves ;
three reached the storrm, but did use harm; IA
the magazines which were empty ; and others, va-
rious other places. Oue of the enemy's gun-boo:e
blew up, and three boots were lowered from the
stern of one of thi it hoe-of-battle ships; but whe-
ther with people in then, not known. Toe firing
on both sides coasted at tight o'clock; and during
the remand of the night, our beaches continued
to throw iiWiv uhelb., and the French did the saute,
so that it did tint appear to be an action, but rather
minute-gulls fired upon the death of a General Offi-
cer, until nine this morning, when the enygerneut
was reuewed, with greeter activity on both sides, to
three o'clock in the afternoon, at which time the
hero, Rosilly's flag-ship, hoisted a Spanish Ong on
the fore. On this the Prince, one of our ships of
the line, hoisted a flag of truer, tired one gun, and
sent off her barge. She was an hour and a quarter
upon this mission ; and, on her retorts to the Prince,
she was observed going to Cadiz. Our General
was afterwards summoned to that city, and is not
yet come back (half-past nine), so that the re-
sult is not known. The firing, of mune. had dis-
continued ever since the said hour of three.
This evening they are erecting a battery of 8
twenty-four pounders, close to the bridge of the
new town, which, in case matters should not be ad-
justed, will he ready to-morrow morning, and from
its advantageous situation, may annoy the enemy
very much.
The Argonauts (a ship of the line formerly be-
longing to the French. who exchanged her for one
of ours) also wept out of the Carmen, this even-
ing, for the purpose of taking up a favourable po-
sition to fire upon them, together with a large mer-
chantman. within half a copilot shot. The latter
is a little below Puntales, and provided with artil-
lery ; and it is said that there are, in loth, furnaces
for heating red-lot bails.
The French kept up a very heavy fire during the
afternoon, particularly the head-ship cad the fri-
gate.

CADIZ, 3UWI 14.

Last night it was notified to the French squadron.
that a new battery of thirty 36-pounders, and eight
34-pounders, was ready to open upon it, within half
a cannon-shot, in case it should not surrender.
This looming, at seven, no answer having been re=
turned, the signal for general action was made on
board the Prince; upon which the French surren-
dered at eight. The Officers wanted to fight to the
last, but the crews revolted against thew, and com-
pelled them to strike. The General of our squadron
immediately repaired, in his barge, on board the
French Admiral's ship, and returned to his twit
with the French General. The many vessels which
were in readiness, either to give assistance in case of
shipwreck, or to remove the crews, in ease they
surrendered, went alongside the ships of the line,
and, in the course of the clay, the latter were moa-
ned by our sailors, all the French basin; beet pre-
viously removed. The seamen have been conduct-
ed to the four towers in the Carraca, the marines to
Pantiles, and the otfieers on board a ship in the
Bay, which has been fitted out for that purpose,
and is called Positiin.—(Sewilk GaTette.l
Mere finless the Official Note of the frets % Adviral to
Hid Captaia-Geueral of Cadiz, st the time of on summits
it bas bass given is Tut MISTIII3I PAW.]

maw, (rostuaAL,) J11)111 10.

Positive intelligeoce has* been received from Li.-
bon, that almost all the French troops are moving
to different points, and that the remainder, with Gen.
Junot, are fortifying themselves in St. George's Cas-
de, where they have collected provisions and ammu-
nition. Whatever was in the arsenals, they have
removed to the forts ; and it is even added, that
they inteed to enter into articles of capitulation
with the nation. The few troopi which were in
Evora, filed otttowardeßeyra, and were very near
being attacked by the people, in conseqamice of
the threats of the French Commander, who war
under the necessity of departing without the• 401..0.i-
-dits which he had demanded. Vl e art inforine(l,
that in 113cia all the inhabitants are up in arms, only
waiting for tile signal to attack, and for somebody
to ht.-ad them.

SEVILLE, JUN& 18.

We learn. by several Official l'apero, that the
Grand Duke of Berg has, at the request of the
Board of Government at Madrid, writeuded the
march of the French troops to the province, which
have proclaimed Ferditiaucl VII.
I). Manuel &mantra, Lieutenant of the Pavia

Drarons, who left Madrid on the 9th instant, and
joined ont atm:: on the 15th, has communicated the
following p4rtieulars :
The French garrison in "Madrid does not amount
to three thonsand men. The Duke of Berg con-
tinued in the Mo.!.elova, whence he intended to re-
move to the Retire, as soon as it sh3uld be Corti ricd.
Moncey's division, comoisting of fo ar or fivetbousaud
men, had to3rehed out of Madrid, making inqui.
ries respec.ing the roads which lead to several pro-
vinces, so that its destin.ttion is not known. The
division, formerly quartered in the Escurial, which
had proceeded against Segovia, and was six thou-
sand strong, was beaten by the Segovians, on the
661, with a -loss of three thousand men.
One morning, a party of volunUers of Spain,
who were in Madrid, having given their bait of cora
to their horses, the Serjeant ordered the saddle and
middle-hags to be ;mt on, and the party to form
on tits Barley-square. lie next mustered them,
and ordered them to mottat, draw their swords,
and sound a march through Toledo-Port-street.
The French guard at the gate immediately fell in,
and paid them the military honours. The Serjestit
returned the usual salute, and the party deserted,
nor hare they been heard of siuce.

Of the letters, by the Ivie Bayonne Mail, which
reached Madrid previous to the above-rnentiene4
o.4.icer's departure, Muni had not allowed a single
oue to be delivered. without excepting even
those which were directed to individualsur hia own
anny.
A French courier, from Manzaneres to Madrid,
had been intercepted at Matirilrjos.
At

were three hundred French-
men, who, having set out upon their march to Du.
pont's army, were attacked in Val del Pettit, by
the inhabitauts. After an action, which lasted tao
hours, and in which they lost one hundred and fifty
me.i. and destroyed almost all the hor.es, they
withdrew to Manzanares, where they have it WA
been captured.
The Puerto del Rey is guarded by about three
thousand men, and two pieces of ordnance are con-
ducting to that point.

•

BAYONNE. WAY 42.
We tiiintit oar duty to give a short account of
what has happened to our August Sovereign, Fer-
dinand VII. ever since he arrived at this town.
Hetwocited it nu the 20th of 'April, at two in the
afternoon. In order the better to deceive him, the
Prince of Neufchatel. aed the Grand hinter of
the Palace, Duvoc, atten !ad by several Generals
and Aids-de-Camp, had gone to inect him. and
waited on hint to his house. r Napoleon, pursuing
his artful system,. mud with a view the better tp
sor-
priee him, shewed'hina great attentionveand was
ha-
vish of dernonstratiens of friendship and eietetity.
giving Min a numerous guard of honour, dining
withhim, and professing a great regard for his per-
son. But what must have been the astonishment
of our beloved Sovereign, when, in the very first
sitting, be propoied, that he should abdicate ti,e
Throne. of Spain, ascend that of Etruria, and '
marry his niece ? Although thunderstruck at what
he was hearing, our young Monarch Answered with
the dignity by which he is distinguished, positively
rejectibg so degrading a proposal; and the
ter, Ceballos. upon this aud other occasions, meted
with a firmness and honesty which render La
commendable.
Four days after our Sovereign's arrival, his reti-
nue and guard were take. from hitn, the Jews of
the National Guard being left alone to do duty
'shout his person. Frequent conferences took
place ; Charles IV. his Queen, and Godoy, were
hourly expected ; but, in the mean time, rcapo-
leon had notified to the Grandees, in our Sovereign's
suite, that they would answer with their heads for
the person of their Prince. To Ferdinand himself
he gave to understand. that he had resolved upon
the extinction of the Bourdon llynality, as the COW.
bivatioas of the Empire were iucompatible with
those of that House ; . and 3 et. that, as a proof of
his excessive moderation, be insisted upon his ac-
cepting the Throne of Etruria. At the sa.ne time
he desired the Grandees to persuade him to ac-
cept this otter, and indeed there were a few elle
suggested the propriety of complying; but the
young Prince auswered, Vitt nature, and the suf-
frages of his subjects, had given him the theme of
Spain ; and that he would prefer death sweetest
his Spaniards, before universal Monarchy, rather
out of gratitude, than actuate) by a wish tv reito ;
thus making a suitable return to the n:any pr., Is
they had given him of their attachment and loa'-
ty. He rebuked Napoleon, with a degree cf
energy, for so vile a deceit, and for the perfidy wits
which be bad enticed him from, among his side
jectsi bat Napoleon answered very coolly, thet i
the business had not been managed so prudeatly
Murat and Ilessieres had orders to secure hi
Person, and lniug him to France.
On the sth May, the meeting was presided
by Napoleon and Charles IV. and attended by th
Queen, the Prince of Peace, and all the men
note of both nations and parties. This sittin
lasted lice hours and a lu,lf, when, among all
shameful things, which cvslit to be buried in
letter, the Queen 4(ldt-es ed her son Ferdmaiel
the following purpert. :—" Treacherous son,
have been, fur sesetisl yArs, plotung tleatG

yen? Father ; but the tolialiri vigilance of the
Prince of Peace, preserved us from that catas-
trophe, and your baseness has been unveiled to us.•
You have torn the Crown from our
beads ; but it is.our will, and we insist upon its
bring at the disposal of the Great Napoleon, in
whose favour we resign it, to the absolute exclu-
sion of our whole family. I call for your puiiiish-
=rot as a traitor, for that of your suite, of the
Life-guards, and of the whole nation. My Lord
the King is of the same opinion." To which
Charles IV. assented, saying " I approve of itt
as it is all proper."

. .
Napoleon pretended to be willing to restore har-
mony between the parties, and *geia hinted at his
intention of raising the Infaot I). Carlos to the
throne of Etruria, while he would prevail, at the
,a;ll,e time, spoil his brother to rebig3 the Crown
nts NApies in favour of the Prince of Asturias; but
vnr utigurt. Ferdinand answered, that he had inside
deli Mice resolution known, from the very first
silo;. The Infant 1). Carlo. .aid with boldness and

energy, addressiug hiinself to Napoleon : " Sir, I
do eat aspire t a kingdom, nor did I come here to
get orte; but my aim is to •rrove myself an
loos Infant of Spaiii"—and, turning to his bro-
ther, " Dear brother," said he, " speak out, coin-
pier your mind, :sad &read par rights: the whole
Spanish mama is ready to sacrifice herself for you
and for her religion and indepeudence ; put on the
spirit of fortitude; from this, we go either to the
seurfold or to nerpetrial eonftnement ; but Provi-
deuce watches over your faithful subjects, and they
will take a heroic revenge upon a self-apuointed
Emperor, who has neither reason nor right on :rig
side. Dew Ferdinand," added the Infant, "
whom do yrria earn rive the Crown to be torn from
'our brows? By a deluded father, a merciless
easther, and an estriged traitor, polluted with
crimes. lie has prosvd a tyger, which our per.
rents hare cherished Iti rf,rirbooias,and their livers
hare been exposed, as as on. :o :::e horrors
of murder ; 604.41 being the return be has 'made
for his admission int* our family, and for our rais-
ing him from the dust."
Ceballos then got no, sod spoke with gr.. ,t ene•-
gy, grounding kir censure of the Emosrrn 'a Lyn-
duct tyrou diplomatic principles. tie then ad-
iresmsd arinself Gadoy, and delivered a speech
which lasted an hoar tad a quarter, vibe:: he said,
auson4 other things " I represent the seentid per-
son in the kingdom--my power is, this day, ist an
end; but Cehallo• has always done •luty, ausi
had men have always been upon their guard sigairst:
me." This speech, we are told, may pass for a
Philippic or a ('atilinarian. He was followed by
Labrador, Estonian and ethers, who spoke ia the
same style.

The elr.o.lobirm of the Boorbon Fatuity from the
Throtie of Spew. wai decreed.

Our unfortunate Ferdinand had six hours allow-
ed h; u to laraw up the decree of abdication, with
an intimating, that, if he aid not get it, ready iu
Plitt time, he, and the whole of his suite and par-
ti‘rom, should be rut to death. Ilia Min: sty,
mare affected by the danger to which others we e
e • ;kora, than by hi* OW.V. SPA', at three o'clock,
the following realgiiation to the Frorw:or :
" Sur, you askure Inc, that the i.itiabitaufit of reir
beloved capital are divided into tiro tiartiek, me fa-
tlitr's and uiite ; you like one tbat
11,00* men have bent kilkd in au action, on the

2 i ; thut the most uuwe ous puny wishes .ne
%LAl:ride in favour of ail father ; and that, if I do
not comply, yiel, troops, strl tar fvutier'a pony,
will pot olio" to 1 eIC award. I have never t'iought
of obilientity ; :Coq know that there is reaseei
for toy doin4 so; whatever you tell rue, I ;
you can, by iin COUltlei we to resig t ; and
I would rather lose, not only my life, but one thou-
• hand lives, if I had them. I sulimit, however,
with a vie* to ,orcrent ble3Jetieet ; protesting. that,
if the existence of .wo ,mrties be at all doubtful,
my abdication is to be null sod said. I call upon
the Almighty, and upon th- Ilreoch people, sr
'mousses. I also enter lily protest, and reserve to
myself all my rights, as Prince of Astoria'. My
beloved 1)41614.1y told me what you were
but I wished to confer wit yati, in peeler to avoid a
Lloody contest between the two natirmli. I was de-
ceived ; and my anxiety to attain so laudable an
euvl, betrayed me into greater and greater dan-
gers. I really believe, that your views and pro-
jocis ate bettor understood lay. the Spanish trade"-
men vivid farmers, than by die great, or from the ex-
a.e,ries afforded by history."
Bin a few days after the Infant D. Carlos 's ar-
tit 4! at this town, he found out the secret perfidy
wit., which Lis illustrious brother was led into error.
Ile read the iuternions of his enemies, avid deter-
mined to inform him of thews that he might not
fall into the mares of wickedness. fie eonweessr
spins the stioject with Count de M— : • Caba-
set filesseager was looked for ; he was made aware
of the importance of the secret, and undertook to
deliver the letter into tine King's hands before Ili.
lisjeny ktoria ; for which purpose, he
would a micrul it nosier his wig, and pretend to
have been sent upon some other erran i. But toe
re/Odious Count sold his trust to Napoleon; the
seeret was revealed ; and no means left to avoid that

• This is fut'w•«l leg several szessatimis wheel the re-
sp.ct See to the 'ebbs =daces in` I* llurrcaL

COITENDURCII IdAILL

GOT I ItiBUROW, .1111.1 t

According to private letters from Stocklnd,n,
met:iced by the post of to-day, the King is gorse to
Finland, for the purpose of having a mect;n4 with
the Emperor Alexander. It is stated in these let-
ters, that the rcasou of the successes of ►he Swedes
against the Russians in Finland has beeu, thet con-
si:terable numbers of the latter have been ordered
to tnarch into Russian Poland, which country, it
is rumoured, Bonaparte has demanded; and that*
'Letters go so far as to say, that the meeting of
Alexander and Gustavus has for its object the
forming a new Cualitioti against France, to which
Austria will join all its force. These report., we
fear, are at least premature, if not !obi* un-
founded.

On Tuesday looming last Ills Britannic Maj.sty'►
,hip Factory, Admiral Sir J. &minaret, sailed far
the Sown!. .

JULY

The re.sorts of Austria preparing for war, end of
ttse meeting betweei, the Ring of Sweden, and the
Emiseror Alexander, cone to prevail.—Two
English and two Swedish Meeaeugers pby this
padzet. _

rviosumn. ivi.v 1.

His Majesty, who embarked yesterday evening,
at 10 o'clock, oo board the yacht. .dietedie, at
Castleholm, arrived here at halt' past 9, p. m. and
immediately contiuued his mage.—(Stockkules
Gazette, Jitly 4.)

'TOMBOLA', JCLT 4.
It appears from a Report revetved from Field-
Marshal Maurice filingspor, dated head-ipiarters,
Jwcelwtatit, June, 20, 1808, that His Swedish Ma-
jesty's grasp* stilt continue to pursue the advan-
tages they has.. already pined over the Rus.i.ins
iu Fiiii.s.id. Tne latter, in their retreat from Old
Carla. have lost ao officer and 70 men taken
prieonees by the Swedes.

His Majesty's Yacht Arnadie, at anchor in
Hoer, River, the ad ofJuly.
His Royal Majesty set sail at to o'clock at night
from Furusund, and pursued his voyage to hiii-
lio.fit Sound, wit., fair wind and weather: he ar-
rived :here at half-past eight o'clock. As in' in.
teliigetiee could he received there of the position
of the Swedish flotilla, and the iulialtitauts report-
ed that a naval battle had been fought, on the zioth
of June, off Rimito, the result of winch could
not be ascertained, it was judged necessary to
collect certain information ou that head, and for
that purpose to put back to Korpo River, befog
compelled by storm and a heavy sea to drop
anchor. His 111..jetty'd yacht was joined by three
gun-boats, htteti out in Fleiabetg, • to reinforce the
Royal flotilla.

hear-Arlatiml Hjemsterna is said to be at pre-
sent; with thi! squadron under his totnimuid; off
Skalo, in the viciaity of Abo, the Russians having
retreated from the pooitiou which they occupied
near Rintito since the above mentioned battle.—
(Seackfurini Gazette, July 7.)

STOCKHOLM, JULY 4.

His Rord Swedish Majesty has been phrased to
appoint a Board of Regency, during hi 6 voyage to
the mast of Finland and Oeisual,com posed of Count
Azel Trol e W:itehtmeister„ Lieutenant-General

Count Stearn, Geaural Bayou Stedingk. Count
&VIM' Ugglas, Lie 'tenant-General Baron Ceder-
sir 1, end iaaron Ehrer.heim.—(Stockholm Ga-
s. tte,Jsity 4. )

JILT 11.

Ss Royal Majesty has received the foil ow i fig Re-
port row Field Marshal Count Klingspor, dated
head-quarters, Old Carleby and Jacoh,tad,
18th and 26th of June :

" My last Report was of the 14th instant, which I di,-
patheal from Remain°. Raving Aiwa mask solvent move-
nieots to taro the enemy's strung position in OW Carlab', and
th•vehy W emnpei him to abiodon the same, when I received
the uuexpected intelligence, that t►e aunty, anon strong,
had evacuated Old Carleloy. Havoig occupied t►at position,
I tboogbe it secretary to reiriforee t►e corps ender the ord •
of Coronet Sandal!, since I had received • report of I,s hay.
tag ►ten two digs engaged with tie enemy, tic particulars
of width acting I sin however not yet acquainted wit►.
The Russians li .ve, however, &Ilea bark further to New
ar.4 their advanced posts are near aundby, a quar-
t. , cut a mile from Jinigaitodt.

" In crineopmece of you Royal Yfitlemy having ordered an-
ether expeditors tre proceed from Sweden to I% am, in order
to make arfacratim In ("roar of Om Fangs,. army, I threglit
it right to peruse the enemy, utter the evacuation of Old
Carleby, with the otrarist vigour ; I made accordingly the
neceoruy citimesitiorm t attack NOW Carleby, which was oc-
cupied by the enemy, cud by carrying the said positive, to
heerimie master* a the road at Lapps, nod Wu+. "rbrol" 'o-
perate is opposite directioamos the other side of NeW Car-
lehy ; the Ammer, in order to keep op the cominauication
with SavilLor; vied the latter with regard is tias &remise ow
theai.de d Wasa.

"The attach manmade oa the 20, with so ouch gallantry
and saceets, that the Russians were drivels foilu New Car-
leby, with the Inas of 70 Er • taken prisoners, and • mach
yawl astaber kilted sad wounded.
" MAURICE ELINGSPOR.
" (Field Marolial and Gemara in Chief
of the Famish Army."

By u aepitrate meter Hai HAM Majevty has been
inforinet, Excellency Field Marshal Count
iihn;spor, of his having received intelligence that
Adjutant-General Baron Bergeristrale, who com-
mands the expe,lition against Wave, has made good
landing ut half a wile distance fruits that city.—
(.Ib:d.)

THE BRITISH PRESS.

lON I.MS,
SATURDAY. Jui.v

Two Gottenburgli Mails arrived, yesterday, with
letters and papers to the 13th instant..
tiwedish Ga:etec announces (be MAJESTY'S depar.
cure for FluLod, mid the appointment of a lioard of
Regency duriug his absence. it was rumoured at
Cotteliburgh, op to the latest date, that he was
gone to meet the EMPER:OR of Russrs, for the
purpose of forming a Coalition against t rauee, of
irhich Austria is also to become a The
Readers of TAE BRITISH PRESS will not find any
thing new in this account. It W u chatve 'Le
political system of the North df Europa
ranted by the recent conduct of ilssaisssAbleallis
wards Spain and the If it caeca alm wertaii
that he has densancleil Russian Polend, we

hope that the account is not premature. rue-
Swedes continue their tmccesses in Fiuixud.•
We have received Gibraltar Pa :iers to.the 3d inst..
and also a untrue of the popularaddresser,distributed
for the purpose of calling fortds all the energies of
the nation. I%cr;e'Tticr rirurtipl37- Open uis 60 hest,
we cannot promise a regular insertion of them ; nor
is it, indeed, any longer necessary. The feeling of
this country is already sufficiently enlist, d in the
cause of Spain. Among the articles wi,ich a e have
extracted from the Gibraltar Papers are the official
acknowledgment of FaiDINAND the V llth •av
King of Majorca, by the constituted authorities of
that Island ; a report of the attack which led to the
surrender of the French squadron at Cadiz; and
an account of the success of the Spaniards on the
side of Ayernonte, and that vicinity, which, though
the fact be riot new, is interesting, as a confirmation
of fanner reports. We have also cop'. el a curious

conversation between the Prince of A3TeaIAS and
some other principal members of the Royal Fa-
mily of Spain respecting the late events in that
kingtlcan.

Before the transports, composing Sir Jona
Moose's Expedition, were three home at anchor at
lipithe..‘l, their watts of water and provis.u.ius were
fully supplied, in consequence of previous owlet's
received at Portsmouth for that purpose. Fifty
sail of small craft went out of harbour on Thurs-
day morning with water, with %Lich article they
are all now completed. Different coloured flags
are known to :agility their ►erious 'writs; these
they hoisted Me moment they arrived, and arce►-
sa-acs were sent to them. They will be all read
for sea by this afternoon. The Officers are allowed
24 hours to get th.!ir otock on board. Coaraissiontr

Saantus Was been eacendißglLactissi in the maoswa-
tion of this iinporbant duty.
We have received letter. and papers fnm Hol-
land to the 18th instant, from which we have mad.
some extracts. The Dutch appear to hare beta
acquainted with the m suoidcrstandisog between ,4ir
JOHN MOOHlit and tne King of '...witrics, and
as-
sign as the cause, a demand on the part of the for-
mer to occupy Gottetiburg and Marstrand with a
British force. BONAPARTE continued at Bayonne
on the 4th, and a Special Meeting of the Deputies
was summoned to assemble in his presence or the
Bth, when some important propontions were to be
submitted to their coloaderation.

There is a wonderful similsrity between the situ-
ation of Spain in 1150 N, and that of France in 1792.
The more we consider it, the more stud we be
struck with the analogy ; and of course we are au-
thorised to hope, if not to infer, similar effects from
similar muses. The French, in 1791, after &pow.
ing and imprisoning their KING and ROYAL FA-
MILY, saw themselves attacked by the two most
powerful Princes of the Continent, at the head of
a vast army. The first General is Euriye con-
ducted this force, which entered Champagne, and
directed its march towards the capital. France, a
prey to anarchy and faction, convulsed in her in-
terior, and disordered in her finances, seemed to I,e
altogether incapable of resisting so disproportionate
a conflict. Already the assailants div.ded in trna-
gimuion the kingdom. Out the energies of the
..ation, inflamed by the love of liberty; and in,-
&pant at so unprovoked an %%maims on the part
of foreign Powers, rose super.o.r to ill attack or
opposition. The people, roused to aci.on, found
mower:: in t4msetres7-rinl the itenseleat Procla-

illation of the Duke of Bausswice, meastias
Paris and the National Assembly with signal
punishment, supplied every defect. His army was
beaten by a force composed principally of raw sril-
diers, or of armed citizens, ■nd precipitately aban-
doned France.

In tans, the Spuniords, after seeing their txc
and ROYAL Fauns deposed and iin:Aisened, are
attacked by a foreign power, which had previously,
from the imbecility and timidity of the formes G
vernment, got possession, not only of the capital,
but of the principal entrances. into the comit-y.
That power, conducted by a man of commtniusite
abilities, military and civil, with whom to emnr,aie
the Duke of Ban summit, would, indeed, be a
mockery, seizes on the vacant Throne, trausLrii it
to his lirother, and marches in his forces, to secure
the outaniume of the peop!:. MultaT, stationed

in Mrlrid, enforces
military _
-
in 17;.3, wit!: it a King, it. not uG, •
without an army, and. as vont fithusees, 5..-,tied
Le already lost, and truoir,rred to tile bola'.
Ler oppremor. But BON 04 r., hie the Duke
FtSeittAL, had lint .a Cie
of a• gem mid ientrons peop.e ; whs., tar ten •
be,:ig intimidate. t by prodsittstirors. or terr.fit.l
ta 1:1.16, rose h. arms against ',Mir
iutitTea,delice, mud frevemn.
to reaid the satellites or ahead of violence, •
11010 rifer. n4gal erne-, or mimic 1,,
Otte. They intierto dory .0 with :••i cooly. •
Ii4PAr.TZ is now en the
:posit itta of floi. Dwirm rr
of 800 %VlC'', in -Angaeat, ;as Spain is in tin
attitude of °irtince, er 'lse mote periixi. rh.
Corsica. i'.-arper ii a... ut the lenici
T.iN Legions, aa enterprize, werilo and
fra., ,Inote imprudent, -as reil gait- a 1:114.41.**011,
.111itIttittatiale, then woo the Ot•Ofilerill, to rear%
..tio-ts liar SliTki.lefil to the Ti •
-i:.ttn'autails are tit:fending, ;ant as I.4rttore .^. .
ideal and impracticable repabct , int timpatibto
trtie diirn ; but their "anoint! itidepen.
4galtlit the optimum-, of t.:.- most lia...7itie-se ;
all es opprobrious, tyranny, Vast ere. li,grarelt
rhamissalot *Chimer,. PriageeOrioic• ;
fended herself against foreign natal. ann. nem '
the notate and haulm rof Itiaarty, is now b.. Mn,r
iuvsdrr of• the independence of all other 11411111,14,-% '1
and the scourge of Europe. So base, slid so
mit., if we may use the tem., is Fr.utte Lecoort.,,
that a nation which iatudeted its hi-g, said am.eat
through 01,C44131 of human Wood, in order to reit-
its suppow d freedom. is now -stink alto shot
vile instruint ut and tool of a rile Foreigner, spiutig
from the dregs of Italy ; and for what it' t
cordirut the most nocoutseuird despat.sui; to
ertaiguish liberty in every other couatry ; nod to
deliver oo er mankind to the roma; NA re Lai/ a
fl a NAPAI:TY, a private citizen of a „rorinriat roan
Corsica. Are 'there then no rasa in Fraineci
—is that satire so lost and se fallen f" • Can
a people so renowned, which, under eIiAOLOII VIAL
expelled the English ; and which, under Hvisav
IV. triumphed ov.er. Spain and " rhe • [...M0y1e,"
..coalmine to reduce the Aloonrchy to a state of sub..
ja.ction. berteath a foreip.• er; tan such a peoete
-become. the opprobrium of the civilized earth,
onareitiirl•from country t., country, hi chains, its or..
lefte ditTose slavery ot. the polo' of hartrort,l
We reuture to believe that they wile tot lo ape: o•
tissue to act so humiliating a part. They et!! ,t.
claim the rights of human nature. anti avenge. there
•orto ,afferint,,s,lllll well as ti.... .4 Europe. There
is ad:ravine? term to outrage and M maidtion. We
trust that it is net dastaiit, and many ayoupturas sp.
pear to indicate its near a: • i oath.
- • ---"""1-"'"?... _

Notwitlistandii :4 the protou.id silence which the
hreiseh Papers observe no 4tl the that have
Liken place on the Coetirsent, for tb. lea four
weeks; yet concurring t stem, received i..
try, enact, that NaroLenx is proreedinse is his
porpoise. From every ..nit of the vast doniminss
subjected to, or rtiained in, his contrail, the true; •
are in movement for Sonjte. As wetly as the
eSth of June, hiarsha Nev. freiolul for the pm-
rinse from Catalonia, was at a shoe distsece (rem
Bayoine, and had a-sumed the a mnaiand of near
thowand men. AUGEILLAU, At the head
id. sixteen thousand, principally cavalry, it a. expect.
ed to reach Toulouse, by the beginning of July.—.
The extreme heats, which, in the Gorges of the
Pyrenees, are almost insepportable, timing tight
or ten weeks of the year, adddd to the disease
which commonly manif.st the:sagely** it that pe-
riod, will, however, it is probable. soon redute their
numbed. Even the want of water becomes,
in many parts of Spain, a most serious and
a continually-recurring impediineut. For carry'
reason, the Corsican' mu I effect the object f his
iiivarion with dispatch, or it will eluvie his wisps
The Pyrenees are in themselves a moat foreattlanle
bartire. Though situated between two seas, is the
43 I and 43.1 degrees of latitude.:.et the rose's mem.
iuonly brcome imnati“able, except with so:Xeres*
daturer awl difficit7tr, early in November. Even
between Pagi.eri-s and lisritge, the post-hehas, sta-
tioneJ by Government to convey tnetwilere, are
nsually withdrawn he e ?Re end of Getnner......
Thp snows, winch thee fat. rewler the lois-
sieve of as army almost Ns sett.. ehle • does
not ftplxlar WI if N•eneeeit mew a. .4 !Ai flins.elf
at the head of his invading troops. lie peetrts
reeling the eariprixe Tram the cagle of Matin,..
elicit be still renssinei en the Ist of Jelly. He *
celinot be i_tliorant that a rami-eisei in Arm elis
Old Castile, would have in --.euiirla•.cietoo in
Braud fltsiirg, or in Austria. them he had to
eo.itend with 111 Goreraateet :add /NV
lie meets a Pte.*: iu the field. No in:...•..;i more
accurately appreciate the citiferrewe the a &Tina'

Estritet of .a letter from Alice. r. Jived ":2
Julie, Iwo inrieved )our , • '-t
C-osto Capt. Bitatif GED. of the rhp Ant ,
iratria, advi.intq yrin that el- i. ci.e
Calico STATE.. (era. a r as
order from linith the r much ato4 Garveto.,
rents of this Contirai.y, to Itbernte all Anteritaa
wrssels ditsiatd by ,irt.te rf the decree, dolt
Nana, Dry. 17. /AO7 ; creo-tlingly, Capt.
has sear(' far Vailau,euve, to take is r cage fit
in;latsi.`

11111111.111.11111111111111111PPIONIM
'orces the orders of his master, by
:e and civilize., Spain, I.ke
