lI.IIIBURGH MAILS.

ALGIERS, NOVEMBER 26.
Accostat inserted in the Stockholm
2 - •

(;ourier.)
The Piwert Aisenibleil in Congress at Aix-la-
t {wen lie
lass per, had come to a resolution that
the Bit Wry Steles should be compelled to give up
tine system of 'piracy; and the English and French
I.kivernments took ninth them to signify to these
•
blab,* the resolution in question. In consequent*
o combined English and French squadron appear.
nil hare et theiptisemencenseut of September, the
Cossionioders of'erliich, on the •character of Cam-
tuksiuorra their Goirernments, delivereatto the
it groovy a letter,. containing • resolution of the
I'uyer., and 'an exhortation to the Regency to ac-
rear to it without oppoeition. In case of refmal
attrition.. were threatened which might lead to the
devirectiou of the Barbary States. The Commis.
Homes 'arrived from the Regency. a written de-
• la,a,i 00000 by which it *honk, engage to comply
with the will of the Allied' Powers. The Re-
p,iket phositil, however,. be "'Bowed to retail.
klvet When the Dry naked whether he was
to be hindered how making war with Powers who
should •iittack or 'moult him, the Commissiouers
Onevorrvil in a.tnanner which could not be interpreted
tatiwrniw than as at least a conditional mascot. It
Ort Unit therefore, that the Regency might without
have complied with the diMiand of the
Con.snimioners, which principllly turned on the
raisurauce. Omar Pacha had, in
given such a Written assurance to Lord Exmouth.
respecting the abolition of slavery, and in the fOl-
lowing Year. 184, ships were captured 'and their
crew. wade eaves, and yet no account was de.
tranded•rilt Ali Pacha set these slaves' at liberty
of lus own accord. It is probable this new en•
rsgerneeit might have had the same fate. The
in general do not suffer themselves
to be hound by engagements when they think they
lorok them impunity. But throe consider-
atio n. dui not influence the Dry and his Counsel-
i„ra. lie Obeyed that he would not, by his politi-
cal c Inct, deceive any body, or conceal secret
piao. fowler the mask of moderation, which was
mut-throe-a to be forced upon him. After a few
day• comiide•ation, lie 'wilt for the Commissioners
to give them his tin answer; it waste this effect

"That the Algeriae Regency would nut consent to give
lie writ en engagement : that the Regency, indeed, 'midis.
p.perl faithfully to fulfil the treaties of peace cescladed with
Christian Puerta; hot that, on the other hard, it would
heat ea eremite, t►ose nations who had so partkrlar
Tread• a trills Algiers, or were ant represented by a Cos-
float the Regency could by re mesas ramsm the right
it claim. LI, which she Algeriae pirates bad at all times rear-
rrs.•A at 11111. to • lilt all esterehaat seem* which they Met
wish, and its case there is the resallest defect in the papers,
.•. tinale. when iadertares in the purser what are call-
tl„• Bruremetreasi de net exactly It the pus, 4e, to capture
aid eimi.eare such a ship to whatever statism it belongs."

'Film a/firm/am of the Dry's put au end to the
cutaferences, and the egeadron sailed to Toni* and
T.ipoli.
IiANOVEI4 1111111WA1tY 16.
Lest Someday faunal service was perforteied in all
11. e cigar cbra. in eoesiorp of his late Maj.-sty ; and

to-slay, ow which it irsupposed the mortal reataitii
of our relievable Sowereiges will be yoursigued to 04:
tondo,. at Windom, there anti he between twat*
and one, a salute of GO cannon, both here, and at:4
all places iu the kingdom where there is artillery,
and from the fsigorss its the Elbe.

COPENHAGEN. FEBRUARY IS.
The COlift hes !but uu nunorienic lin right weeks.
fur the Niue of Eligisini; the mounting for the
Doke *1 Kest is iueluded in it.

ELSINORE, euilitBany 141.
The eariguiiou hes recoraurreimed, sad ships
wire daily frosts the'Caitegat. ehea.tlie wirod pre.
mils. Above 4017*Itips.. hound for the Millie, are
southern INKS* of Nanny; but it ro dkouglet
Ihe'BWilit 'Hole will be long inuctesieble; ors se.
count of the drift ice that law isnased ilsrarugh the
Sound, sad the Great urlt. uule.s ooisth winds
should drive it out agairs.—(//ershorgh Papers,
Febrility 18.)
Exclsonge on London. February 15 and 18.
33. 5)..--35. Bi.

FuRTII ER PROCEEDINGS RESPECTING
THE CATO-STRhET GANG.

110W-STRSZT.

On Saturday Mr. Farrant, the Magi.traie, sat in
the public office, to hear the night charge. aul the
common routine of the daily business, the iorerest
of which has ceased since the discovery of Ilia hor-
rible gang of ins, and the proceeihngs thereon,
and during the sitting of Mr. Ferniest a letter was
handed to kin], which was directed to Mr. %eerie.,
the Sitting Magistrate, the letter being sealed w.ih
an Earl's coronet ; he inquired if Mr. Hiroo waiin
the office, and on his being informed Mr. Birsoievisso
in the front office, proceeding wills au investigation
respecting the gang, it was forwarded to Mr. Burnie.
which preyed to be bunt E.trl Grosvenor, enclosing
10/. for the afflicted awl unfortwtrate widow of
Smith...re. The example of the Noble md bent.
volent Earl was followed by several Gera'corer' Calm
ling io the course of the dad to leave thei• subway.
tioi.e; and nut only far the widow of Son(hers, bet
also fur the brave officers sorviving, whose here
were to such imminent danger at the apprehriv.
siuu of the gang in Cato-street, 610 Wednesday
night, and also the differmit officeri alto have inner
by their exertions beet' so aseeelisisiiip appreheud-
iug 44! hem. : • A

✓uA* firth, who was disehergeti .ests Thursday
evening by the, Committee of the' Privy Council,
was again apprehended on Saturday morning, by
Taunton and Nieloolle, et his residence in Itrsei.
itone-striete where he carries on the 11/1111111t%0 i•f e
cow-keeper, Ile is matter of the premises in Cato.
street WbCre the diabolical gang assembled, id
when he well examined on Thursday before Ilea
Committee of the Privy Council, Ilia statement was
believed, that be did out know for what purpose he
had let the stable and left, excrtit fur Jeremiah
liertisun to keep a cart and it, whereas
it has since been proved flint lie was euruercied
aids the gang, dud lie lied frequently been sects its
the company of Dasid.un, mud 111/011 this discovery
a warrant was issued, -end he was apprehended on
a charge of high treason, and . after um:erguiog a
short reaminetion, lie was committed to Toil:in-
fields bridewell. The said Jeremiah llarrirms, on
the hist information given against him, was supposed
to be the 111.111 commonly c.dled Parson Morison, of
Stockport, iii ChseAsire,bial it out tasbe merely
similerity of name ; this mars wee fortnrily in
the 2d regiment of Life Goods. In additiuu
to his being charged still tucluded in the verdict of the
wilful mord.. r of Sinithers„ lie acknowledged hying
in the left, 8114 standing Ouse to TtUstlewoud whets
be murdered Swishes*. • • •

Adel 1414 a 'asthma of Seward•street, Chirweii.
garret, *WI aiter•fta+fided wt an early hour poi Satur-
day mowing. by Lavender, Bishop, and Sal 1111111 l rt
hie residence. oat • charge of high treason. Tot
erideitee against him was not goo! into.

Mrs. Thistlewawd, the wife of Arthur Thistle.
wood, applied to Mr. Milne for sit order to set her
bushaud in Cultibati.-fields [louse of Cursecnois.
The worthy Magistrate informed her it was nut in
his power to grant her tequept, hot referred her to
the Secretary of State's office for the Home Dr.
partairtit., Mrs. Thistlewood is a delicate interest.
ing woman. lie some years since ',feud the
Lincoltarhire militia, and therefore uo amstat knew
how to use the pistols cud sword with which be

was armed.
It is a retuarkable circumstance dist he was
armed. ready for marching his gang of ins from
the loft, when the Bow-street officer rod his assist-
ants entered it, with two pistols, OW his sword in •
block cloth belt, tied round his waist, and although
Ellis's view of him was little mote thiPli inatositasee-
ova iu the loft, yet be most correctly &seethed him
ea sumo, Lavender prodeced the block cloth belt,
which he found in Thisileisuoit's coat pocket. ai
Harris's house, in IVhite-street. The account
given by Mrs. H.oris, the Isodlady of the house in
White-street, where Thistlewowd ssawfounil us bed.
is not believed to be correct. of her letting half her
uephew's bed to Thiellewood, on the uiug of
Wednesday, without knowing soy thing .•f him
before. The fact wai. lie was cowpletrly conceal.
ed—fur not wily was the door locked, hut the abut.
tens and curtains of the window of tlw rows, Which

is • prood•Ilsor porlonr, were closed ; sod wiled,
sender throwlueopeu the curtulos loud *butters to
let iu light, otter Bishop hod first seised Thistle.

1 r.
_ _ Is Ellis. the 411"etor pf the petrol', who with
-were surrounding the Isuase, to guard
WON"
Killesinet sikplolp, looked in at the parlour-
-4946am. Tisielewood I elf up
ruia rzclaiwed in a loud voice aßy
that is the mass who murdered Smithers !"
This in elated the prisons assembled round the

house that they gave aloud three divers to express
their satisfaction that the murderer was discovered
in his concealment ; its fact, the populace, highly to
their credit, hare conducted the nosehtes with the
greatest degree of propriety in expressing thei► diva
gust. execrstion, and dbltorrriice sit the disgusting
wretches confirmed in this dnibulicui plot srhesiever
an nphsortssnity has offered.
Notwithstusiding Lavender had given direttians
to his brother officers nut to let any person leave
the house, yet As. Harris eluded their vigilance,
►lipped out, and went to her husband at Caslon's
Isitter•fousidry, rail returned again without any
loss of tissue.

On Saturday, Mr. Andrews and Mr. Fisher,
the surgeons of the police, reported at the tate,
and at the Secretary of State'ai office fur the flume
Depertiseut, that •they continued to attend John
Swami, the petiole, who was in the etuble, iu
Cato-street, whets be received a pistol ball, which
atrieek the temporal bone obliquely, poised under
the scalp shout three niches, and came out under
his err; had it gotie the eighth of an inch further it
would have proved NW. They had every hope of
his doing well.
The Cabinet Council sasembled yesterday at
one otcluek, at the Settetory of State's Mee for
the flame Department. ts-pripesed with the mover
ignition against the Thiatletrisod Kau(; tiro Low
Officers assisted. Robert Adorns, late a private of
the Royal HoeseGoordtt, was examined. Hi. ex-
amination occupied their time till half-past two
o'clock, which was thew too lair asi hour to proceed
with the examination of Abet Hull, a tailor, also
had• beer .apprehended on Saturday morning by
Lovemler, Bishop, mid Salmaii, the officers, in
Seward-street, Clam/ell-sheet. The Members be-
slog teemed to attewl the' Rift in Council at
three si'clock, et itia Palace iu Pall-mall, the
exiswination of this petters was nut gone into,
end the Ministers hewing sio time to spare, droved
at their offices to attend the King. It wes the in-
vrotsgatiois of some of the witnesses that led to the
doom/toy of John Symmtnids, the biotin*, of Miss
-Stialli,l4l, in Upper Seystiour.street. They wage
lutes rugetwd how they kw* a Cabinet dinner was
to Ir given by the Berl of Harrovaby osi Wedises.
day, when it was said John Symmonds gave the in-
turinatioo, hut it is nut known how he possessed that
knowledge, or what tounexion lie had with Olivia'
Gentlemen's *tryouts. 1k has lived eight years iii
the service of Mimi 'Stratfield y she gives him a
newt uttexceptiunable character fur integrity, ho-
nesty, sobriety, &c. ; when Lavender and Bishop
aPprrbended inin. ens Thursday, he was in the act
of Itt)ing the cloth for dioner, when 'lsis Mistiebs
took great interest in las welfare.

The Cebinet dinner intended to here been given
by the Earl of Flarruwby hurt Wednesday would
have been the first this year, in consequeoce of the
d. dime of the late litog, all of them hosing been
suspended till after the funeral, stud it being cus.
tummy for the Lord President of the Couutil iu give
a dinner about the annuml time of pricking for the
Sheriffs fur the year ensuing, which was postponed
os, accouut of the same cause, at the time the King
pricked for the Sheriffs and the dinner was laps
poiuted to take place last Wethsesiley, iustead of
the regular Sheriff,: day. This annual dinner is
not strictly a Cabinet our. All the great Oliacens
of State, the Council, &c. are invited.
The amusing* could nut have had a better lappors
lousily for their diabolical and murderous scheme,
as there is scarcely any occasion when there are
mute high official characters assembled in one private
homer at the seine time. The man who gave iufuruta-
thau of the ussestably of the villeins in Cato-street,
and happily led to their apprehension, used so much
lwrasverauce, and couducted himself with such
caution, he wuukl not intrust his information to a
third person, and he actually called three times at
the Earl of.Harrowby't Groseettor-sgitare.
isotisolisseisding the rieptaird of the 'wrier
to allow him to are the Noble Earl unless be would
declare his mune or his business. Ile expressed
himself situ so much auger et these repulses the
pster thought he was a madman.
The Lord Chamberlain bid sent an apology for
not attending the dinner party, introit...l to have
been given last ‘Vedoesalay„ Otril4 tu indisposaisoo,
A. early as ten o'clock yesterday inawiting all the
great avenues at the west end of the town, leading
to Ceio.sivesr, were hard with prisons of 'trey
rank mud deacription, pressing forward with the
utmost eagerisess, to take a view of the stable sod
loft wherein Itie horrible plot we phoned •to
murder Isis Majesty's Militates, eel" where the tins
forteldlesi fikeithers wet' with The
horror it 111111'.;ilteliell throughout the sititropolta
motet well be descrilied. Jahu.street leaked like
a fate, but Casiastrert mass crowded in lilt extreme.
The stable, &c. was Aran at so much a head.
The doe,s of a Obtains were never mote motitauftly
besieged for igtpitt...er. thew the above plied. It ties
amid that upeeettie uliaL.lyagifitat askew bviare fest
ochwk ips tioArtli,aevhderfai these perilous ale!
Ital iiiritiasrutii' et the stable. Die
adjaimag beeves had also little buys ateuellig

THE 131(ITIS1f PRESS.

LON DON,
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1929.

Both Houses of Parliament will sit this evening,
cannily to the original intention of the Ministers;
but the discovery of Thiailewood's atrocious con-
spiracy has very naturally excited a lively atom in
the Cabinet. and the Ministers are unwilling at e
moment of extreme apprehension, and apparently
pregnant with danger, to deprive the country of the
watchful protection of the Legislature. The public
business, however, is most inconveniently suspended,
and every ionineut must be considered as lost which
shall elapse until the reroluiion of the Government
to dissolve the Parliament be carried into ezecu•
time; if, therefore. no discovery involving the gene-
ral safety of the State shall transpire in the exa-
minations of the Cato4nreet gang, Parliament will
be certainly dissolved on to-morrow or Wedinsday•
The expectation of an immediate general election
hes agitated the United liingJoni throughout all
its parts, and, consideiing the carminative sudden-
ness of the event, the number of new candidates
who hove started in various parts of the country is
surprisingly great. It would be quite absurd, at
so early a period, to hoz.orl even u conjecture re-
specting the itifluence which the elections will ex-
ercise upon the state of partite in the House of
Commons. The Ministerisls exult in the belief,
that the general dibguirt which We been excited by
the ruffian principles of the radical reformer',
will, its 501115 degree, affect the popularity of
the Whigs; but the piinciplrs of mild and partial
reform iu Parliament. es advocated by the Whigs,
and of which the Bill introduced during the last
Session by Lord Joists Ruesitt.i. for disfranchising
a borough. which by gross corruption hoe forfeited
the right of electing tepresentariver, and fur trans-
ferring the franchise to the populous town or
Leeds. is a fair specimen, err es &pineal front the
wild notion's of radical refines es tuitional liberty
is from the harms of anarchy. In the was a
principle is no:opts-41 as helm:iris% to the Bug.
huh Constitution. which insures a progressive sme.
buratto'', while the other leads to cerlaiu destruct.
tion. No party in the State has more strenuously
opposed Radical Reform than the NVliige have
nuifurinly done, and ii.asaruch us the British Coissii-
talon is emphatically their own "rook, end the
ambient object of their anxious cares, ho !only
his felt a deeper itarrest to dispelling the
gross delusions of radicalism. The Whigs
ism Parlimmeut can have un interest distinct linos
that of the King. and of the great body of the peo-
ple ; tbey are, and hive ever proved themselves to
be, she faithful guardians of the COUIIIIOII interests of
both. Tlie public are well aware of this troth, end
dirt-Joie, alierever the public voice can be heard
there we shall find the Whigs triumphant. .Their
priociples are those of the Constitution in its purest
same, end have ever been dear to the hearts of ho-
first Englishmen. They cannot fail, therefore, of
bring successful iii us appeal to the notion, pro-
vided corruption and influence be not exercised to
pervert the judgment of the electors.

Phis Papers of Tuesday and Wednesday lost
have arrived ht our office. By Ordinances of the
King erraawca, doted the 41st of Februar3.
the Count SIMEON, tinder Secretary of Susie for
the Deporimesit of Justice, is appointed &twister of
tie hurling.; MOUNIER, Peer of Fronce,
is appointed Director General of the Departmental
Ad bbb i b nitration, nod of the Police; and the Count
Pours us, Pert' of Fiattsce, i• tso.ntortril Under
Secretory of Suite for the Department of Joilice,
in the room of the Count Strafiom. ullier• to
which Nluttmlita soot Puireatts are rppemited,
were reccorly united in the person 4:f the Como
(mow Mk.) Dtesrats. Who it tile rause time lorlol
the office of President of the Cnunerl, to which the
Duke of RICHELIEU Imo !Jinn promoted. No
further changes seem to be immediately contem-
plated in the Cishowt.
The 14451 y of the Dike of BERRY who on Tue.iloy
lave removed from tlw Yalitee of the Louvre to Si.
Denis, where it was received at boll-past two
o'clock by the Royal Chapter.
The. Duke DECAZZS, on Atinsiday lost, quitted
llw Hotel of the Altuisters, to the great joy of the
Ultra-Royalists. The time of Mir departure for
is Met as yet determined. On Th.eaday
be hail riles% interview with the K•seg.
The suituresud publisher of eu ioceutliary pro.

clamation aßlinst the Roy J 1 ramilY Ma arresta
in Paris on Tuesday.
The Legislative Chambers are engaged in via-
mining in the bureaux the loss relatiwg to ilia Fi-
nances. the previous Cewsorship of the Prrips. and
arbitrary linprisontnent.

The 5 per Cents. ire fr. 70 c.—Bank Stock-
-4410 fr.

A Fhmburgh Mail has brought au official u..•
coital inserted in the Sivekholat Courie ,
which we learn. that the firgettcy of Algiers
effect refused to comply with the deteseird ensile 6-4
Admirals num*whit and JurtcN, iu the oanesef
the Powers assembled ii.(oll'lressal Ma-la-Chapelle;
The I)cif would tort give a wrAfieu togetertuent seii
he would forbear iu feature from the system of pirsey,
and declared that while lie eves willaig to fulfil
the treaties concluded with the Cliriettau Ponere, Ile
would treat as vitalist those Galion' that 111(1 fornsed
no treaties with Algiers, and were not represented
by Commis. And the Pirate farther declared, thee
he would not surrender tits right hitherto exercised
by his ships, of visiting all aserchaust slap*,
of whatever milieu', and of coptutitig mud cult-
fiseating such vessels us had the smallest dee
feet its their pellet.. We fear that Lord EX-
errvices will "gain he required to fr.
less, the civilized world effectually irons tint
grace with which the csistence of such a horde of
robbers oppresses it. It is a reproach to Europs,
that the Illediterrauttso should be se lorpg liffeste.l
by such r plague, and that the Pirate Chief
should dare to dtctste terms to the artued Atsehus.
sadors of the two greatest ntrioliii lit the world.
IVe shall WY* ClleSr, we GUI'. to laftwot liir lit-
tuned generosity that prevented our A et, strm
achieving the conquest of fr.in 1.1441115 t
111 V/lIIIS to the foundations, i,s camas.%
destroying every veiled repel& of Learn g a vai4
sod itrtrrdietit.pf the rubbers from ever rait.ior
battery, or equipping a vessel spit). The t uplort
of our H•-et exasperated, but has MO haroblyd
the Algerians. They touchers/ our success iti
foresee., Aistaloc, slid g attar 11,tuo.r:vra that
.c.o
soy similar future occisaiou their *trawl§ 'multi
be crownrd with a wore lorosperoul result. Thver
ore said to Wye consideruLly thcivasaal their
insects of defence, rod in recovering their strength
fancy ilirmselvee freed from r.II trecies, to which its
the hour of thetrese they prudently yiv'cletl. It is
singular that thy Allied Soverrigos of E tee base
nut as yet *dolled any measures in coi.sequetiost of
the Pirate's refusal to concur its theirdeutoodo.

Saturday arrived at Portsmouth the brig
Strerh whom, from Gibraltar, fur orders, wilts a
cargo of rice (suppoveil for the Contiiiewt. Site
left Gibraltar ou the 6th iustaiit. An Officer is
paineogri) on hoard has favoured Ass with toe Get.
lowing iiitormation : —About 5,000 Condititiatostes
(or insurgents) entered Aigew4s on the afterglows
Of the 31st of liousry. General (11)iimmi.t.t.,
who cousunoided between 2 and 3,000 Itorshqs,
was et San Roque oo the 4th of February. and rt..
peeled to be attracd on list 6.1 i. II:. OA, it. Gin:
ratter on the 4th, and it was unilersuu,:t he had
got permission from the Lieuteirint (Uoveriasr t..
retire with his troop*, without arms, %toiler t it pia..
tertion of the guns of the garrison,' its Ilse rillosi of
an attack: Severe) of his troops had deserted him 4
stud such was the disposition of -the It .vilsibio. shut
it was expected most of Theo
.stoofil jnin the row;
siitutionski on coming is coasted intle these. The
Coristitertionalcs conduct Theiwieties rtgoluly
Algesiriis, and have cousioilkal a.. *sores. These
object in aiming down to Algoviriw is loot bow**,
but it is supposed they intend proceediug
rester.' colon to Moilege. Mrs. 0134 i ti oral
fairly wade their escape to alwaltar,
sires, its a boat, early on the onspensig of tier Si',
having fled to the Island the eve•isi4g in icor.
• .

The following Triter, whiell was reerit.rd at the
°flirt of !At ihompsAire deg rliph 011 S 1.
contains tostly itriertattug fart• rel..uve li. S
tradiug ,i the coast of Aims, arid the sar tit oat
colony of Sierra Leone
" Sierra Leone, Preettll.l7 3d. I• 111..
" 0a the 254 December his Nfirjest)'• .4140 Vie's .sirs
Captain Sena& arrived at Sierra L.'uur, soh Hoc lipasue•
schooner lisperanaa, Isuuntiag one loud goo on 4 **l'll,
antid.hips, and a complement of tweedy-flee ii ru, rut toii—
ing us board forty alarm. She was c.iptared I. 14r air:, 4..4
CUM( ache Minims', in a calm, afier a v.. y skirp
in which two of tha Spaniards were killed, the a I
four of her crew severely wounded. The r
cuasawaduf Lieut. Head arid Hews. Maitre I iilot %VI iliorrowsi
(Admiralty Midahipsairn), rowed up tu her so ihe uldtr
and spirited manner, minder a Are (runs h. r h•sti Atua
letry ; whets the lug pm, from its 1.0. be
brought to bear on the boats, Hee Spaniard., th. i,,11 shut
at stud into the boats, iu hopes of !inking
tack Lieutenaat Head sod Mr. Hansel, aid four lion •
wounded (two *evenly). Such has been the ..sit of al
aloir which Is rather unusual is time of pr.iri• ; but th..c
este dreier. in brows Arial c. hive she le. 004.1 4404'01.

ably erieses—pireey sad elevo.deslies; • i.•• Utter i•
• se by the Spaniards sad Purti g. Sc lo as. foo. and 1.014.
ualtsews --The klurgissa, mime Jaly• item C4l" "ea two 401.
lesiva; meets 3.•
* The whams, Sisrade Right, Ssassisb—Areirs IR
" A ditto, same saksays, soder Moth calesst; 1414
N awn asd dewy wracked, with misled 114 pm--
August 11. - • • •6,4
*The eclussowe siessties 11***.
asd tweet, .as, with shwas, midst Sitsalri.
. .
&ember 111. -4 $•
" A schooner, seder Spsitisk calms, sus as awe sad

4

I
