SHOCKING ACCIDENTS.

On Sunday night late, as Mr. Greesseroft was returning
home fmnin C(0),1011, accompanied by a Mr. George, where
they had left n dinner party, they stopped to refresh the horse
at a house its Keunington, and on starting again one of the
rein* got loose. The horse finding his bead at liberty ran
•way at full speed. Mr. George jumped from the chaise
and broke his right leg jest above the ••kle. At length the
chaise came in contact wit► • garden waggoo, and it was
overturned with sorb velocity as to dash it in pieces. Mr.
Greenscroft was picked up in a senseless state. t•d conveyed
home to kis lodging' in the Borough road. His bead was
ouch cut and bruised.

A shocking spectacle presented itself to the passengers in
Cheapside ou Monday. A bricklayer's labourer, in the act of
carrying a hod of mortar up a ladder to a house repairing
near Bow Church, fell from the height of the third floor, and
was literally dashed to pieces. He aaaaa moved after t►e fall.

Thursday morning Scarborough was visited with
• complete tornado;. the thunder and lightning was
most terrific, and the ram and bait fell to torreAsa

rArktopc AFFAIRS.

NIGHT REV. DOCTOR ENGLAND.

We have seldom had to lay before our readers •a
more interesting document, connected aiih Catholic
tarsi .., than the Copy of • Letter received by Mr.
Cuppanger f►om the respected Bishop of Charles-
ton, which appears in our columns this evening.--
((.ore Mercantile Chronicle.)

" Cork, April 20, 1821.
" My dear Lord—As Chairman of • most nu-
merous and respectable Aggregate Meeting of the
Room Catholics of the county and city of Cork,
held at Corey's-lane Chapel, in this city, on Mon-
day, the 2J instant, I have the honour of trans-
muting the subjoined copy.of a resolution, adopted
by that meeting unanimously, end with a degree
of enthusiastic acclamation which it would be dif-
ficult, if not impossible, to convey any ide. of by
words. With the feelings of Irishmen your Lord.
ship, I am persuaded, is already well acquainted ;
and never were those feelings more warmly or an.
equivocally exhibited than in the manner in which
your name, and this well-earned tribute to your
put exertions in favour of Ireland, were received
upon that occasion. Counsellor O'Connell. who
proposed this Resolution, prefaced it by a glowing
and beautiful panegyric on your Lordship's public
and private character, and your patriotic exertion.
in the tense of civil and religious liberty, which
was among the happiest efforts of his powerful
eloquence, and was alike honourable to his bead
and heart.

" 1 regret my alter inability to do justice either
to Mr. O'Connell's speech, or to the feelings of the
meeting at which I had the honou► to ; bat
1 cannot conceal the sincere and heartfelt pleasure
which I experience in being selected as the organ of
waking this communication ; and I tru►t your
Lordship will do me the justice to believe, that in
unabated admiration of your powerful esertions in
favour of your native country, whilst residing on
this side of the Atlantic, and in fervent wishes that
success may attend your future labours in the cause
of religion and humanity in the free and fortunate
land of your adoption, no individual at that meet.
ing participated more warmly and sincere!y, than,
my Lord,
" Your Lotdrhip's devoted
" And very sincere and obedient Servant,
" THOS. STEPHEN COPPLNGEE.
" To the Right Rev. Dr. England, Bishop of
Chailestoo, South Carolina," lee. &c.

The following is • copy of the resolution of the
Aggregate Meeting :
" That our Chairman be requested to convey, is We warm.
est manner, to the Right Rev. Dr. Eoglaad, our unabated
admiration of his patriotic and powerful exertions in f f
Ireland whilst amongst us, and our fervent prayer for the
success of his endeavours in the cause of religion and hums.
oily is the free country where be now resides."

" Charleston (S. C.), United States of
America, May 29, 1822.
" My dear Sir—lt is now some months since I
had the honour of receiving your kind letter, con-
veying to me the resolution of my friends in Cork,
at their Aggregate Meeting in the beginning of last
year.

" I owe to you and to them an explanation for
my not having sent an earlier acknowledgment.
" When your letter arrived, which was about 12
months since, I was in the interior of Noah Caro-
lina, and continued traversing that State for some
time. In the beginning of September business
obliged me to go to New York, and upon my way
hither in November I was seized with a violent fever,
which had nearly proved fatal, and from the effects
of which I am but now just recovered; a number cf
letters and papers which did not press for immediate
answers lay by until I should have recovered, and
amongst them was your esteemed favour. Thus, I
trust, you and the Roman Catholics of Cork will
perceive that my silence was not disrespectful, for
though an ocean rolls between us, and our fortunes
may be different, I trust our mutual love and sym-
pathy will ever continue.
" For the sentiments expressed in the Rtsolu-
tiou, I feel deeply grateful, and believe me, that
in a strange laud, and suffering from an unconge-
nial climate, the kind recollection of my old foiends,
conveyed to me by one of their most valuable mem-
bers, cheered and consoled me. Will you speak to
them my gratitude ?
" And now allow the to advert to that cause in
which we have so often struggled together. (low
often, last year, have 1 trembled when I saw the
prospect of emancipation with conditions! flow
often did I wish my voice could be heard across the
deep, proclaiming to your meetings what 1 have
seen and learned since I left you !—A people valuing
freedom, and in the plenitude of its ei.joyment, de.
stroying religion—nay, having nearly effected its
destruction by reducing to practice here, the prin-
ciple which the Vetoists and Conciliators contend
for amongst you.
The Americans are loud in their reprobation of
your servile Aristocracy,who would degrade
by placing its concerns under the cont
King's Minister, and could your Aristoi
place-hunter view the state of Catholicity I
would inveigh against the Democrats al
degrade religion by placing its concerns t
control of a mob; and I am pettedly
that both are right. In both cases the pi
exactly the same : the mode of carryiw
operation is different.

" I am convinced that if those gentlem
Irish hierarchy, who are suspected, and I
good reason, of being favourable to !RIM'
rangements, had each one month's expel
the operation of the principle here, their gi
and their piety and zeal fur religion, wind,
them to suffer every inconvenience rather tI
mit the fate of the religion of millions no
their charge, and myriads yet unborn, to
ence of a most destructive principle,
themselves and their flocks from that mittgal
secution under which they still suffer.
" I well recollect the solemn and emphat
ings which the late venerable Bishop of
(Nova Scotia), Doctor Burke, gave me
subject in Cork some years since ; and
which he then stated to Inc from his own ko.
and experience, were irrelrsgable ■od conel
against the principle. I have, frequent
ay arrival in this country, been at a loss ti
for the slow p►ogress of the Catholic relig
sad the confusion and disgraceful contentil

31

I

~,,

1

•1

ide religion
ntrol of a
tocrats end
here, they
oho would
under the
convinced
orinciple is
ng it into
/nen of the
I fear with
oistical sr-
erience of
good sense
tad cOrnpel
I then corn.
now under
the influ.
to release
gated pet- •
attic wa►n.
►f Halifax
upou the
I the fact. r 1 f
knowledge
conclusive
illy before
to account
glow here,
ions in the
.
•

If

r

E

S

1

IRELAND.

FIRE IN CLONMEL.

ehomitais tit I am no longer in error or in doubt
as to the canoe. 'lrhe people here claim and elides-
your to assume the sauna power which the clauses
mud conditions would give to the Crown amongst
)ou, though not to the same extent. The conse-
quence is, that religion is neglected, degraded, de-
spised, and insulted with impunity ; anti, though in
the priucipal in which I have been, such as
ashington, Philadelphia, New York, and Balti-
more, the Catholics, so called, are the preponderut-
tug majority, yet it is sickening to witness the state
of religion. I ought, perhaps, to make a sort of
• xception in favour of Washington and Baltimore,
arid the ground of it is the slisence in a great de-
gree of the influence of 'hit Anti-Catholic princi-
ple. Philadelphia, where it is in full vigour, ex•
rribita at the present moment the must alllucting
spectacle of rotund religious that ever was wittleased.
Its this city, I have seen fully exemplified what
have often heard eloquently described at many
of our Aggregate Meetings in Ireland, but what
was laughed at as a chimerical phantom of terrified
imagination by our genteel renegades. An un-
principled clerical fop, obsequious to the powers
ihat be, aided and supported, and kneed unca-
lionically by them into a situation for which he was
ever, way unfit, and kept in possession by force,
living upon the income of which the regular pastor
was deprived, and a mock show of canon law spread
out to cover the usurpation. In other places 1 have
seen the clergyman deprived of his salary, because
he would not violate the canons of the church and
disobey the mandates of his superior, to please an
ignorant or an unprincipled dictator. Yet, how
often have some of soy friends in Ireland raised a
horse-laugh when I insinuated the mere possibility
of such events ! . .

" 1 have been prolix—bat my object is to prove
to you by facts the correctness of those principles
which we have so frequently asserted, and to assure
soy friends in Cork, and in Ireland generally, that
it they do grant to the British Government any
power of interfering in their church concerns, they
may calculate inevitably upon the degradation and
.Instruction of their church ; and those effects will
be more certain, as the British Executive is stronger
than a few isolated congregations. The liish Bt-
•hops told you, formerly, that granting this power
must injure, and may eventually destroy, the
Ca-
iholic religion in Ireland. Do they thew any reu-
MGM to prove they were then wrong ? The light-
iing which, during three hours has been gleaming
tit-rose my eye, does not flash brighter—the thunder
which, bursts, and roam, and clatters as I write,
does not speak more loudly than my conviction
that they were then right—and their conviction then
was as strong as mine is now—and what has occur-
red to change this conviction ? They have been
beset and besought, and worried and wearied—but
has their rontiction been destroyed ? I ant proud
of the Prelates of Cloyne and Cork—l ant stilt
proud of toy fs tend O'Connell, be is as much known,
rud loved, and respected upon this continent, as lie
is in the Island of Saints. lie and you, and a host
of others, rise up to my recollection, ouce inure 1
fancy myselfamougat you—

0 forte,, pejoraque passi,
Mecum snipe •vi, ruse bootee penile vestros:
eras !uses, itersbtl is isquor.

" You are equally able to put down those who
would trade upon your religion as you have ever
been. I fear that in your concerns Mr. Plunkett is
riot to be trusted too far. The King's visit dors
nothing for emancipation. You have many friends,
RUT REM EMBER, their object is to break the chains
or your political slavery, not to preserve your reli-
gion ; that is your own concern. If they believed
the Catholic Religion to be worth preserving, they
would be Catholics themselves. Mind, its pre-
arrvatioti is not their concern; if is yours. They
will aid you to regain your political rights ; but, as
for your religion, you know every one of them who
lias a seat in Parliament swears it to be IDOLATRY,
and it would be too great a stretch of liberality even
iu them to support four systems of idolatry at the
same moment. 'file}, support Jugernaut on the
Ganges ; the venerable Boodhoo in Ceylon ; the
idolatry of places and pensions at home; and
surely you would not have them on your account
incur the guilt mid penalty of quadruple criminality
and quadruple damnation. Adieu ! lem sure my
brethren of Cork and Cloylie will not quarrel with
ace whom the_Pupe has expatriated, for praying
that God may bless and preserve you and my other
friends still for much exertion, if necessary.

" Your., much obliged.
4‘ JOHN. Bishop of Charleston.
Thom.. Stephen Coppinger,
/cc. dae. dr.e. Cork, Ireland."

CLONMEE, AUGUST es.

Oo Monday evening, about five o'clock, some
smoke was seen issuing from the roofs of the houses
of Mr. Thomas Stokes and Mr. Edmond Burke,
both in extensive business in the grocery and spit it
hue, at the corner of Main-street, Gaol-street. The
source of the fire not being known at first, and it
being supposed to be confined to a chimney, some
time was lost withinside to examining the cause and
endeatouring to put it down, till it broke out at
length into a considerable flame, and threatened not
only the destruction of the houses mentioned, but
the most imminent danger to the surrounding
reighlrourhood. Tile water-engines having arrived,
with a great slumber of peotde, as well as the
Mayor, and :ill of the 52d regiment not on duty,
who farmed lines in the streets, in order to form a
free passage for the people to and from the several
pumps and the river, the engines began to play
with considerable elTect in at the breach formed by
the first irruption of the flames ; an I the people
I,istitg made a lodgment in the front, under ►he ef-
fects of the engine., braving every clinger, aid re-
gardless of the water failing in torrents on them,
tore assay and slung dow❑ into the streets the burn-
ing rafters, and every fragment of timber in an ig-
lined s'ute, or of au inflammable nature. By in-
cessant labour in this way for more than two hours,
the conflrgration was effectually subdued, without
being ►uttered to extend beyond the upper story.
The roof is, of course, totally destroyed, and part
of the upper floor, and the injury done to both
Aping in at all
!ciliate where
imitate were

torn up and hurled out of the windows at a trvmen-
dons rule, sod the houses tootle almost complete
wrecks.

In thus giving a hasty sketch of this unfortunate
accident (which, we understand, occurred from the
flue from an oven in an adjoining house having
communicated the fire), we have purposely omitted
to mention the names of many respectable persons
who drotinguislied themselves on the occasion—as,
in selecting any, we should he reodering injustice
to numbers whom we might forget, for all behaved
with • devotion which does them honour as fellow
townsmen soil neighbours; but the exertions of the
52d, both officers and men, as a body merits high
eulogium our should the detachment of police
under Mr. Singletou be forgotten on this occasion,
as they relieved the 52d on Monday night, in taking
Ilri.
charge of the property do tep in the streets, and
remained over it till all was removed to places of
safety yesterday afternoon.
It was a fortunate circumstance this event oc-
curred in the day time—yet it chews the advantages
derivable from insurance ; for, notwithstanding the
fire was prevented from totally destroying the
houses, the losses sustained are very severe. We
are happy to say that Mr. Stokes hiss been for many
years insured with that liberal office the British and
Irish United Company, who have been extensive
insurers in this town and neighbourhood for up-
wards of twenty years; and regret much that Mr.
Burke, who is a most industrious man, has not
been equally fort u nute.—(Clunntel Advertiser.)

ASSIZES.

cORIC, WSDNEIDAT, AUGUST 28.
CRIMINAL INFORMATION.

houses immense. for the populace rush
quarters. and oo one bring able to call
•
• Oar are might cud, the fixtures and fel
. ••-...: ......,
'i
=.,‘ '•, •V•'.
'-• - • ;-•./ . .
• ...
ii,,
.....
•
