No. 30. STRAND.

--- ----
,JEOPARDY and ESCAPE ; or, SWINDLING
INGENUITY.
In Brussels, where priz'd is the durable fame
Of Warren's Jet Blacking, a fair lady came,
In splendid array, toe Mercer's shop door,
And purchas'd of silks a most valuable store !
The tradesman then ent'ring, with grateful expansion,
Her carriage, the cash to receive at her mansion,
Arriv'd, for a moment the lady retied,
The drawing-room suite while the Mercer admir'd
At last his companion's return when invoking—
" Shea gone!' said a servant, with coolness provoking,
" What, gone !" cried the Mercer, " gone off with my silks!
" So, thus then it is that a tradesman she bilks !
" This is not her mansion ?" " 0, no, Sir," "Whose then ?"
" Be calm," said the servant, " your wildness restrain,
" And know that from reason derangement to wile him
" You now are contin'tl in a Manias Asylum !"
The Mercer array'd in a pair of bright Boots,
Now rav'd 'gainat the female of swindling pursuits ;
" Yes, yea, I am mad," he exclaitted. " and my brain
" Shall never its wonted serenity gain I"
Ills feelings of fury now mounted so high,
That measures proceeding at once to apply
Of rigid coercion, the keepers then saw
Their shades in the Jet of unrivall'd eclat ;
And fix'd as they stood, with amazement aghast,
To freedon the imputed lunatic pass'd !
0, fortunate event; the swindler was trued,
And thus the rich silks in the shop were replec'd.
The Mercer adverts to the chance with much glee,
That set him from duress and jeopardy free ;
In Brussels while taste and high fashion are hacking
The wizard of incident, IY:uren's Jet Blacking!
This easy.shir.g and brilliant BLACKING, prepared by
BERT WARREN, 30, Strand, London, and sold in every town
la the kingdom. Liquid, in bottles. aid., ldd., 12d., and 18d. each ;
also Paste Blacking, in pots, 6d., 12d„ and 113t1. each. A Shilling
Pat of Yule is equal to four le. bottles of liquid.

The Duke of Gloucester, the Karl of Shaftesbury. the Darl of:
Livespool. Earl Grosvenor, Earl Bathurst, and Lord Dudley and'
Ward were then appointed, and retired to the .P.tinted Chamber,
where they were met by a deputation from toe COMITIVIId.
On the return of the deputation of their Lrordsli'.ps.
The Duke of GLOI:CESTER stated that they had made the
Commons acquainted with the resolution of ,elr bordships, rhiatt
adopted the resolutions passed by the Homy, of eon:mons in HUB.

PROMISSORY NOTES BILL.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said he had intended to muse the
second rending of the Proinivory Notes Bill on Friday next, but
in consequence of the absence of the Noble Earl (Lauderdale). Who
took so pri.minenta part Sn all its discussions, he would, postpone
the second reading until Monday.

RECOVERY 'OF SMALL DEBTS.
The Bishop of ELY presented a p:litiern frtwn Leicestershire, in
fart& of a Bill for the Recovery nt SnialiDebte.
Their Lordships adjourned at a quarter-pars Eve o'clock.
HOUSE OF COMMONS, WEDNLPDAT, Manus 8.

LISURY LAWQ.

Mr. HUSKIS.ON presented a petn lon from the merchants,
hankers, and traders of Liverpool, pray tog for a repeal of the Usury
Laws.

LAW OF PARTNERSHIP,

Mr. IWSKISSON presented a petition from the merchants and
bankers of Liverpool, for an amendment of the law of partnerships.
He said that as the law at present stand it was difficult to know
who were the partners in a commercial company, which, in floc of
a suit at law, was often attended with serious injury and inconve-
nience. ass misnomer or misteke in the responsible partner miOtt
be fatal torhose legal proceedings. AR great and important intermits
were involved in the question. lie hoped that the law you.; I or..
dergo an alteration which would meet the exigencies of the present
deticicneies. He thought if we were to have Joint Stock Compa-
nies and Meramtile Associations, we ehradd have a registry of all
partners in mercantile companies, sn as to afford a remedy for the
inconvenience which arose na,t of the present state of the lawn.
Mr. SVICES concurred in the views of the Right lion. Gentle-
man. He thought the law, as it stood at present, was .reductive
of great evil and inconvenience, particularly 24 regarded law pro-
ceedings. He approved highly of having therutmes of partners re-
gistered.
LAW OF LANDLORD AND TENANT.
Mr. HUSKISSON, on presenting a petition from Liverpool,
praying as alteration in the law of landlord and tenant, said Ina
constituents complained of another point of law-7that•of landlord
sod want. - They mined, what Oust he isfallin*lenowmitdi.
of these wherksisd him, due tta Mirnhy. .
ruligr Ts ejeettrig tenants, Wen after legal .ituice to gait had been
served upon them. ft was clear that such difficulty must be pro-
ductive of injury and inconvenience, and in many instances even to
the parties who were in notsession. The present imperfect state of
the law was inconvenient and injurious. It was not an uncommon
occurrence for persons to hold tenement. contrary to law, and with.
out paying rent; the landlord was in consequence often Induced to
give those persons a premium to quit the tenements they held. The
object of the petitioners was to provide a remedy for those inconve-
-Iniences, and to correct the present deficient state of the law.
NO. Alderman WOOD raid that he knew sleet inconvenience
arose from the present state of pus LW, as it cost 201. to enforce a
tenant's quitting a holding of five pound rent.
AnOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. HU'r4CliitlON prcsentert A petitidn from the Protestant con.
"'legation of Dissenters of Chalforci in Gloucestershire, praying for
the abolition of slavery in the Colonies.
Similar petitions were presented by Colonel Woon. from a
town in the county of Brecon • and by Sir T. LETUIIILIDC•E from
Watchen and Willingden in gornersetshire.
