DRURY L.INE THE:I7'II-E.

Last night was prolific of first appearances at this house
--there being not lees than half-a-dozen of them of one
kind or other. For our own ease, and to prevent heart-
hunting among the aspirants, we shall take leave to classify
them, not exactly according to the order of their merit, but
of their novelty. First, then, of the 0/J Doraton (the
play was The !load to Ruin), which was represented by a
'cutlet:an of the name of Williams, front the IVorthing
theatre, and, as far as we know, an etitire stranger to a
London audience. Mr. llolcroft, the author of the co-
medy in question. was a strong-minded man, whose mental
energy etlbl.l him to escape from very untoward ciremr.-
franca, and tun rge into comparative ease and prosperity.
are mention this for the purpose of observing that all he
fientieus characters which lie crea:ed, hear the impress of
t.ovcrfnd abilities and strong discrimination. They are
fatly irol'ondueltsed,• and smack of the talents which
were the diaiactiee characteristics of their author.
consequently, it is no easy matter to play them in the pro-
per manner. Mucelen has made success in ()Id Dornton of
still more difficult attainment. But it will not do to think
of 4ins on the ptesent occasion, when our business is
with Mr. Williams. The new actor has at least the
merit of " using all gently :" indeed, we consider hie
manner 'a hare been too subdued throughout: a circum-
Enee which may have arisen in part front a want of the
requisite confidence, and partly from ignorance of the
exact quantity of exertion necessary to produce effect in an
overgrown metropolitan winter theatre. To say that Mr.
Williams did not offend against our notions of propriety,
is sarinz but little, when one is speaking of Old Durntun,
and the manner in which it oeght to be played and we
have seen it represented. It is redeciug that negative praise
withtnstill narrowerlimits ashen we observe, as we feel bound
to do. that be did not succeed in producing any very lower-
tsldffat. When the Ited.riuts on which the performer had
to build his atperstructure are considered, it will be ob-
served ours is .to very favourable opinion. Mr. Williams
whispered &neigh tho part. That was not the mode in i
which the altornately agonised and doting father should
have been represented. Where the actor raised his voice
lie become frespiently indistinct, which was, perhaps, prin-
cipally attributable to defective articulation end a strong
lisp.. The deletmt is above-the middle size, and his fea-
tures are sulLiently striking and distinct, but not capable
of any very varied or powerful expression. lie has got a
bad habit ofshaling his hands and head profusely, which.
if it is meant to be emplimic, has the effect of destroying all
valessis ; and reminds the spectator of a patient suffering
thief!: mot palsy, or of a maudlin ins over a chirn-
:ley-piece. Mr. Williams was favourably received by a
frost indulgent audience, and if we do not express Our full
opialan of him, it is because we shall have other opportuni-
nee of doing it, sod are willing to wait the issue of a second
or third appearance, when the difficulty of a debut will
have been gotten over, anti the performer perhaps enabled
to give a freer ex.reise to his powers.
Sui'.l was perfurnwil by Mr. W. Bennett, from the
Lyceum, with good discretion and a famous Munster
bioeue.
Mum Kelly made her first appearence these three years
tin the beards of a winter theatre, as Sophia, and was hailed
with delight by her admirers—that is, the entire audience.
Her performance of the innocent and interesting hoyden
was, as is usual with this actress, full of nature, naiuct•,
and playfulness. aon would swear she was not i month
from the boarding-school, her old grandmother, Glou-
cestershire, end—eightern,—if you did not use your
opera glass, or approach too near to the footlights;—and
he is an unpolite critic that would do either. Were we to
particularise the two passages in her performance that
pleased us most, we would mention the receipt of the
plum-cake containing the valentine, and her reproaches of
Hurry Drrnton, when she imagines him about to marry
her mother. The latter was inimitably fine. The manner
in which she tore am the cherished valentine, and subse-
quently collected theiragments and concealed them in her
bosom, at tho very moment she was telling her lover she
hated hire for his perfidy, was an exquisite specimen of the
natural, and called down deafening applause.
The Widow Warren was performed, and in our opinion
considerably oerr-acted, by Mrs. Davison. It is a dis-
agreeable character, and the less prominent it is made the
better, both fur sentience and actress. Mr.lYallack played
Harry Dorntun (also for the first time), in consequence
of the indisposition and absence of Elliston. If he
wanted something of the airiness, eccentricity, and blunt
pathos of his predecessor, be at least looked the character
better, anti on the whole it was a respectable perfortnanee.
The chid fault we have to find is with the scene in which
Harry makes proposals to the Widow, and that in which
he quarrels with Milford. In neither of these did he reach
the wild -anti 'frenzied expression of mingled intoxication
and consciousness which his prototype was used to impart
to them. Elliston always played those scenes with a spirit
of reckless gayety which was really pathetic. Along with
which, he was the best drunkard on the stage.
Having dismissed the novelties of the comedy, we hasten
to pay a tribute of deserved commendation to the Silly of
Mr. Genie, which was the best performed male character
of the crating. Harley played Goldfinch to the great de-
light-of the horse-jockeys; and Mr. Yarnold represented
the honest nosier with equal satisfaction to the useietante,
who thronged in at half-price, and were tumultuous in
their approbation of the scene where the tradesmen assemble
ea mane, for the purpose or presenting their accounts.
The evening's entertainments concluded with (for the
flat time these three years) the melo-drama of Ella Rosen-
-I.lg, in which Dowton and Miss Kelly played with their
usual excellence; as Seirm and Ella; and Mr. Tayleure,
from the English Opera House, wound up the list of first
appearances es !letterman.

On Saturday Mr. Booth, who, if we are to believe the
bills, has come over from America for the purpose of
playing "for three nights only," makes his first appear-
ance as Briars, in the tragedy of that name. If the gen-
tleman has really crossed the Atlantic with those limited
views, all we have to ray-fa, we are bound to be vastly
obliged to hlm, and shall take care to notice him accord-
ingly. On the same evening Mr. Williams makes his
second appearance, in the character of Mr. Simpson, to
Poole's petee comedy of Simpson and Co.; and on 'llium-
day he repeats O!J Doestm.

TOTAYAZ ROYAL, RDISIWAOH.—Niss Foote made her
first appearance here hat night (Monday) in the character
of Letitia Ilerdy. Long before the do Ire were opened an
immense crowd had collected round the Theatre, and the
whole area of the pit was filled with gentlemen, princi-
pally young men. There were very few ladies in the pit,
but upwards of twenty were seated in the lower boxes at
seven o'clock, and a great number entered after the per-
formance had begun. Several lathes, who could not get
d:commodation in the pit, went to the second boxes. As
Loch patty of ladies made their appearance, they were
saluttd with cheers and biases. The malcontents were
hhaort entirely confined to the galleries. Miss Foote 's
s ipport:rs were chiefly in the pit. When the curtain
le up, Messrs. D.nbam and Lee, who first came on the
J with tumultuous applause, mixed
cries of " Off, off"—" Murray, Niue-
-" the Manager." This uproar lasted
Ind the play then proceeded. All the
nime forward, were received with ap-
Mr. Jones and Mr. Mackay. When
lame, appeared, " Kean, Kean"—
make of Kean," was loudly vociferated
After an ineffectual attempt to go on
vaned to the front of the stage, and,
iience in nearly the following words:—•
!lumen, with Mr. Kean I have nothing
properly he tailed on to account for lake
Edinburgh. When that gentleman
igsgement, I felt it my duty to inform
forming here against him. He then
need his engagement. Had he adhered,
felt bound in honour to have brought
4a brief speech was received with three
the piece went on till Miss Foote came
another scene of tumult ensued. It,
for a moment. It was evident that
more numerous than her enemies. Slag
considerable degree of alarm. Her
had a very considerable effect on her
Lord Cochrane and a number of
the boxes.-44inburet Obsreccr.

FESTIrAL.
This triennial Meeting for the benefit of our General Infirmary
commenced on Tuesday. Its occurrence so soon after the far-
famed Festival at York excited ah apprehension that it would not
be so well attended as usual, but we are happy in loath.; that it
commenced with every appearance of increased attraction. During
the whole of Monday there were evident " notes of preparation,"
a great increase in the number of carriages tolling along the streets,
snJ an unusual bustle of company taking poaaessiou of their lodg-
inga, or hastening to the welcome of their friends. Almost every
family seemed to bee:prating guests, and all were looking forward
to the music meeting, not merely as a season of charity, but one of
social enjoyment.
(In Tuesday morning, shout half-past ten o'clock. the Mayor
and Corporation walked in procession from the Guildhall to All
Ssints Church ; but long before their arrival a very numerous coo-
gregation had occupied the body of that edifice. We do not re-
member to have seen it so thronged on the first day of any previous
festival, and we do not doubt that the desire of hearing the highly.
respected Bishop of the Diocese plead the cause of charlay contri-
buted to swell the numbers. The chancel gallery, though our
filled, curtained a tolerably numerous audience, and the church, as
a whole, presented a highly interesting appearance. The service
was conducted by the Bev. T. H. White, A.M. Priest Vicar
of Lichfield Cathedral, who thtioughout the whole gave excellent
effect to the part which he sustained, and led the full choir in
a performance of the Cathedral Service so truly excellent that it is
nor easy to conceive any thing of the kind more impressive. The
"Te Deum" exhibited the well balanced strength of the
orchestra ; the full parts were incomparably Frand, and the verses,
which were admirably executed by Miss Freels, and Mews.
Vaughan, Knyvett, Phillips and Bellamy contrasted with the rest
so as to give to the whole of that magnificent composition all the
effect which its author could ever have looked fur. The " Jubilate
Deo " was concluded by Dr. Cooke's Amen in fine style, and with
precision highly creditable to the ochestra. Miss Stephens sung
" Pious Orgies" in a very chaste and beautiful manner, nor could
a greater compliment be paid to her execution of this interesting
strain than the breathless attention in which she kept the audience
suspendcaL She was sweetly accompanied by alr. Greaturex on
the organ, to whose admirable performance we must assign no
small portion of the pleasure with which this piece was received.
The power and rich tone of Miss Wilkinson's noire was felt in
Ilantiel's air, •• Holy, holy, Lord OA Almighty ;" and the
full tide of sacred harmony in the psalm before the sermon pro-
duced the impression on our minds that we hall never expe-
rienced a higher gratification from the mingled sounds of vocal mask.
The Lord Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry preached from
Matt. Bth chap. lfith and 17th verses, " He cast out the spirits with
his word, and fielded all that were sick; that it might be fulfilled
which was spoken by Ludas the prophet, saying. Hiiffself took our
infirmities, and bare our sieknesset." After disclaiming any inten-
tion of pleading the cause of the charity for which he appeared the
advocate from any considerations derived from the impulse of mere
human sympathy, from views of political expediency, or social ad.
vantage, which however just and true in themselves, he regarded
as aria views unsuited to that place and to the office he sustained,
Lis Lordship chose rather to direct the attention of his audience to
a consideration of that Christian view of the subject which the text
suggested, and lie partizularly insisted, first, on the example of
Christ as a powerful call on the charity of his followers. The uni-
versality of our Saviour's benevolence, its incessantly active and its
sell-denying charaiter were well illustrated, and powerfully applied
to that peculiar direction of Christian benevolence which was the
object of the Derbyshire infirmary. The dignified preacher then
deduced the motives which ought to influence his audience to every
act of love and kindness, from the obligations which the fallen anc,
degenerate race of mankind were under to that Saviour who had re-
deemed them front guilt and its awful consequences, who had him.
self borne our griefs and carried our sorrows." The conclusion
that " if be an loved us, we ought alga to love one another," was
pressed upon the attention of all who heard his Lordship with much
earneatneas. and the fervour and sincerity of his mariner hail a
powerful effect in enforcing his arguments. The sermon was lit.
!coed to with fixed attention. mid was calculated to promote the
cause of the Institution, for which he appeared the very willing and
able advocate.

After the sermon, Miss Stevens and Mira Travis sang Ilandel's
duet, 0, never, never, bow we down." in a very spirited sorle,
and the chorus was full, complete, exact, leaving us nothing to long
for but the next morning's performances, when the Instrumental
band would be called in to old the vocal exertions of the power-
ful orchestra.

The contributions of the congregation were received at the doors
by Earl Howe and Lady Scarsdale: the Rev. H. S. Hope (nlayor)
and Lady Vernor : Sir Charles Hastings (High Sheriff) and the
Honourable 3lrs. Beaumont; the Honourable Captain Curson and
the Honourable 31ra. Ei!en.

We are happy to state that the collection amounted to the
sum of 2111. las. 6d.
In the evening the &est concert took place at the theatre. The
performance commenced soon after ei4ht o'clock. with Beethoven's
Sinphonia in C, and made us painfully sensible of the inadequate
site of the building to so fine a piece of music. The limited space
of the stage, however, necessarily renders the orchestra a very se-
lect one, and the opening Sin fonia would altnoat have led to the sup-
position that one mind had pervaded the whole, and One hand ex-
ecuted the movements, so correct and spirited was the performance.
The Glees were most harmoniously sung, and "If sadly think-
ing" was rapturously encored. The Italian pieces were executed
with great skill and spirit, and the power and grace of 3ladame
Caradori appeared in every part she sustained. Nor were we less
delighted with her sweet English song " Should hp upbraid." She
seemed, whilst singing it, so kind and affectionate that no anger
surely could stand before her. Misa Stephens in the song "Lo
here the gentle lark," was accompanied beautifully by Nicholson,
but in the " charming strife," she was " triumphant still." Signor
de Ilegnis gratified the audience exceedingly by his song from 11
Btebiere di Slci,gfia. Ile pourtrayed the bustling self Importance
of Figaro without any approach to buffoonery, and was deservedly
encored. His subsequent duetto with bliss Stephens, from 11
Fanatics", was perhaps, a higher display of his easy comic power.
His pupil, however, did him infinite credit, and the piece was loudly
encored, but not sung again, probably from consideration of
Miss Stephens's great exertions in that and the other songs
allotted to her. Locke's music in Macbeth smeared to great
advantage, as well it might, the principal vocal parts being sus-
tained by Miss Travis, and filesars. Bellamy and Vaughan. Phillips
was loudly and deservedly applauded in the song " When fore 'd
from dear Heise to go," and Vaughan gave beautiful eff,:ct to the
charming words beginning "In life's gay scenes." Among the
instrumental performances. Mori's violin concerto was a masterly
specimen of execution. His full clear tones showed at once the
power of the instrument and the performer. He seemed as if his
bow were a part of himself, and his violin sounded as if it had
double the usual number of strings. Nicholson in a concerto on
the flute executed many difficult passages wi:h great skill and ef-
fect, and altogether it was a fine performance. On the whole, the
performances of the evening were admirable, and presented a rich
treat to the lovers of song and harmony. The audience was not
numerous. Every part of the house has been very carefully fitted
up, with all possible attention to the convenience of the company.
The performances on Wednesday morning would consist of a Grand
Selection of Saaed Music—Derby Illereue.y.

On Saturday last, Lord Cochrane and a party visited
Leith. They first inspected Mr. Burstall's steam carriage,
and were highly pleased with the ingenuity of the inven-
tion. They then proceeded to Mr. Thomas Morton's ship-
building yard, and examined his patent slip for hauling up
vessels for repairs. A large slip, just finished by Mr. Mor-
ton for the nee of the French navy, and which is to be
laid down at Toulon, was also shown them. His Lordship
expressed his conviction of the general utility of the ma-
chine, and remarked that it was particularly required in
South America.—Ediaburgii Observer.
The French sculptor David is employed on a bust of
Jeremy Bentham.
Mr. and Mrs. Bradshaw (late Miss Tree) are now in
Paris, where they lead a quiet and most retired life. They
go from thence into Italy, where it is their intention to re-
main during the winter.
It is rather a singular fact, that in the House List of
Performers engaged for the present season at Covent-gar-
den Theatre, the name of Mrs. J. Bradshaw (late Miss
Tree) is inserted as one of the company.
Miss Stephens succeeds Miss Foote at the Theatre Royal,
Edinburgh, for a certain number of nights previously to
the commencement of her engagement at Drury-lane.
Miss Stephens will return to London after reaping a most
profitable provincial harvest, having received 1,000/. for
the exercise of her fine talents at four music meetings, in
addition to her various profits arising from her engage-
ments, during the summer, at the different country theatres.
Mr. Bland, late the vocalist at the Hull Theatre, has got
a very liberal engagement at Covent-garden, for five years,
the terms of which are, for the first year nine guineas, the
second and third ten guineas, and the fourth and fifth
twelve guineas per week.
Weber, the eompotlr, is not expected in England before
March. The subject of the opera on which he is engaged
is" Oberon," and not " Aladdin," as has been stated in
'several papers.
Iwreestres 07 Till Moow.—lf an animal, fresh
killed, be exposed to the full efflilgence of the moon, it
will, in a few hours, become a mass of corruption ' • whilst
another animal, not exposed to such influence, antl only a
few feet distant, will not be in the slightest manner affected.
Fruits also, when exposed to the moonshine, have been
known to ripen much more readily than those which have
not ; and plants shut out from the sun's rays, and from
light, and, consequieely bleached, have been observed to
assume their natural appearance if exposed to the rays of a
full moon. In South America, trees cut at the full moon
split almost immediately, as if torn asunder by some great
external force. All these are remarkable and well-es-
tablished facts, but have never, as yet, been accounted for.
-.-Me;hanki Magazine.

THEbrairml

• 1 •

FASIIIO.NA TILE INTELLIGENCE.
Thil Earl of Sefton has Wt his seat, Crosteth 11.11, near, Li.
Ifpriol, for Newmarket.
Lord King has left town, for his teat, Dekham. Surrey.
The Hon. Airsr and Leidy thorgina Ellis hare arrived at the
Duke of Beaufort's seat, Worcester Lodge, Oloueestershits, from
• tour.

Arrivals at Miller's Hord, Jermyn.street :—Mr. and Mrs. Dun.
Jas. from a tour; Mr. !bland and son, from SeotlAnd.
Mrs. Trelawney Dtereton and family harp attired at the London
Hotel. Albemarle-street, front Sir Christopher Ha:whine/I, Bert.
rest, Trewithen, Cornwall. John Harris, Esq. has left ditto, for
Plymouth.

_ .
Departures from Thomas's Hotel, Berkeley-square:—The Earl
of Newburgh and the Ladies Eyre, for their sett in Sumex ;
Lord and lay retre, and the lion. Miss Pure, for their scat in
LACY.

Arrival. at Read's Bats', Lower Grosvenor-street :—Gereral
Caleraft, from hi• neat in Sussex ; Mrs. and Mine 11111, from Scot-
land; Temple West, Enq. from York. Departures: Lady and
Miss Fitzgerald. for Parts; Francis Blount, Esq. for his seat in
Sitaxex; 0. F. Hatton. Esq. for his scut, Eaatwell-park, Kent;
Win. Scott Stonehewer. -Esq. for his seat, Abington-parS, Cam-
bridge; Rithard Bell; Esq. tor Wilts.
Lord Lynedock has arrived at his seat in Sufrtlk. from a tour.
The Archbishop of Canterbury and family are expected to arrive
this day at Lambeth Palace, from Dover.
Arrivals at Long's Hotel, Bond-vtreet.— _ Anderson, Esq.
an, W. 11. Anderson, Esq. front Scotland. Departures from
ditto : Atkinson, gal. and Alexander Erskine, Esq. for
ighton ; Achtnuty, hsq. for Sittiogbouru, Kent ; and C.
llyndinan, Leg. for !listings.
CHELTENHAif, Ocr. 5.

The promenade at the Montpellier pump-room and
walks was very numerously attended last night. Among
the Nobility present were, the Earl and Countess of Clare,
Lady Fitzgibbon, Lord Renallesham, &e.
Lord Kenyon arrived here last night, drank the water
this mortring at the King's Old Well, and afterwards
joined the morning promenades.
Mr. T—, the gentleman wbo is so laudably travelling
to propagate his discoveries of the great utility of white
mustard seed in the cure 9f rheumatism and other com-
plaints, returned here yesterday, after a tour to Malvern
and other places, in this highly praiseworthy and philan-
thropic pursuit, in which he is distributing 4,000 publica-
tions, printed at his own expense, pointing out the cures,
within hiscown knowledge, which have been performed by
the taking of white mustard seal. Mr. T. is devoting
the whole of his time for the good of niankinth
Lord and Lady Riversdals, and Lady Willoughby and
family, are amongst the most recent twin's in the
Crescent.

Mr. Hume, M.P. has been staving here for the last few
days, but will immediately take his departure for Scotland,
leaving his family here.
Colonel Berkeley's fox hounds have been cub-hunting
the whole of the last month in the surrounding country;
the foxes are plentiful in all the covers.
The subscription pack of 'miens has already taken the
field, and some excellent sport has been afforded. Even at
this early period of the season, nearly 5001. a-year has been
subscribed for the support of this establishment. The
hounds are still under the excellent management of Dr.
Townsend, of Cleves.

LITERARY GLEANINGS.
No. XLI.
ECCENTRIC ADVERTISEMENTS.
I. At the White hart, in Gray's Inn-lane, near the
Queen's Head, lived' Mrs. Srirrnaans, who answers all
lawful questions ; as, whether life shall be happy or un-
happy? and what manner of person •one shall marry ?
and when? and whether the best time he past or to come?
and whether a friend be real or not ? and all other ra-
tional demands: and, knowing their nativity or time of
birth, discovers what accidents shall be likely to happen
in all their lives. She tells the signification of moles in
any part of the body, and give i a very excellent interpre-
tation of dreams, discovering what events are likely to
happen thereby.—Advice for Gal.
Go up one pair of stairs slitiont arcking.
.17 Harkian MSS. 5931.
. ;
I I. IN Nova int Amuck—These are to give notice
(for the benefit of the public), that there is newly arrived
from his travels, a gcatleman, who, after above forty
years' study, bath, by a wonderful blessing on his endea-
vours, discovered, as well the nature as the infallible
cure of several strange diseases, which (though as yet not
known to the world) he will plainly demonstrate to any
ingenious artist, to be the greatest causes of thr most com-
mon distempers incident to the body of man. The names
of which take as follow :

The stroNg fives
The ma rt.,:ambiee
The moon-pull
The hockvrock.

Now, though the names, natures, symptoms, and seve-
ral cures of these diseases, are altogether unknown to our
greatest physicians, and the particular knowledge of them
would (if concealed) be a vast advantage to the aforesaid
person ; yet, he well knowing that his country's good is
to be preferred to his private interest, doth hereby pro-
mise all sorts of people, a faithful cure of all or any of
the diseases aforesaid, at as reasonable rates as our mo-
dern doctors have for that of any common distemper.
Ile is to be spoken with at the ordinary hours of bu-
siness, at the THREE COMPASSES, in MAIDEN-I.•NE.—
Horleian m.ss. 5931.

111. In Tenter-alley, Little Moorfields, at the lowermost
garden-house, on the right hand, with a sun-dial on the
side of the house, liveth an ASTROLOGICAL PHYSICIAN,
who bath always in readiness chemical medicines for the
cure of all diseases incident to men, women, and children ;
and by the sight of party can resolve whether they be
curable or not ; if curable, restores them to health in a
short time ; and if the disease be mortal, giveth them ease
for the remainder of their lives; he helpeth such as are
under an ill tongue, or bewitched by natural means. He
is constantly at home, from right a clock in the morning
'till five at night.—Weekty Intelligencer, Sept. 19th, 1635.
IV. Whoever you are, to whose hands this comes, let
the truth it contains abide upon your mind, as what is in-
tended for your greatest benefit. The method taken, I
know, is uncommon, yet; if there is the least probability
of success, though it be only with a few, the design will
be justified, as intending Me gl-ry of GOD in your salva-
tion. It:member then, that you were once told in this
manner,—that, being zealous for names and parties is
what will stand you in no stead at death, except you have
the life in you that shall never die. Are you a Christian ?
or, have you only the name from education, as it is the
professed religion of your country? if you can say on
your conscience you have endeavoured to lay aside preju-
dice, wherein you might have reason to suspect yourself of
it, and, apprehending your lost condition without a Se-
viour, as revealed in the Gospel, you have devoted yourself
to God in him, and therefore hope you are a true Chris-
tian, it is well—give God the praise; but if, in your con-
science, you must say you have no more than the name,
stay! man, woman, whoever you be, Consider, think, be-
fore this go out of your mind or hand how you shall
escape, if you neglect so great aalvatiou.—From the roar-
man, Jul t 31, 171 G.
V. 1, ELIZABETH, Duchess bowager of HAMILTON,
aellnowledge I have for several months been ill iu my
health, but never speechless, as certain penny authors have
have printed ;' and so, to confute these said authors and
their intelligence, it is thought by my most intimate
friends it is the very last thins that will happen to me.
1 am so good an Englishwoman, that I would not have
my countrymen imposed upon by purchasing false au-
thors, therefore, have ordered this to be
.printed that
they may know what papers to buy and believe, that are
not to be bribed by those who may have private ends for
false reports. The copy of this is left in the hands of
Mr. BERINGTON, to be shows to any body who has a
curiosity to wit, signed witb My own hand.

E. HAMILTON.
Eveirber Post, May 23, Me.
VI. Whereas Frances, wife .of the night Honourable
the Lord Viscount Vane, has, for some months past, ab-
sented herself from her husband, and the rest of her friends :
—1 do hereby promise to any person or persons who shall
discover where the said Lady Vane is concealed, to me, or
to Francis Hawes, Hsq., her father, so that either of us
may come to the speech of her, the sum of 1001., as a re-
ward, to be paid by me on demand at my lodgings in Pic-
cadilly. Ido also promise the name of the person, who
shall make such discovery, shall be concealed, if desired.
Any person concealing or lodging her after this advertise-

.-

-.~.,.

ment, will be prosecuted with the utmost rigour;—or, if
her Ladyship will return to me, she may depend upon
being kindly received. She is about 42 years of age, tall,
well-shaped, bas light-brown hair, is fair complexioned,
and has her npper teeth placed in an irregular manner.
She had on, when she absented, a red tlainaak Ftench
aacque, and was attended by a French woman, who speaks
serf bad English.• V*xs.

Jan. 24. 1737 t
• Lady Vane we's the lady of frishinn whose adventures form so
interesting an episode in " Peregrine Prekic."
VII. A young woman of about 2.5 years of age, who is
possessed of an annuity of 30/. a-year, is willing to alter
her. condition, 'provided she can find a worthy bonest man,
who must be one of those despised people called NI ET}2O.
burrs. The young woman cannot boast of the beauty of
her person ; she had rather be esteemed fur the beauty of
her mind. He must be a mau that loves to do his duty,
endeavour to be a good Christian, and shust not be ashamed
of scoffing@ and revilings for righteousness' sake. Thirty
pounds a-year may be a comfortable assistance to a man in
trade, and may enable an honest couple joined in- the Lord
to pass with some degree of happiness through this tran-
sitory life, this vale of tears. Letters directed for S. L.,
to be left at the CHAPTER COFFEE-HOUSE, shall, if ap-
proved, be answered.—Daily Advertiser.
VIII.

' (NOTICE TO TYRANTS.)
••• The Sword of Judgement !
Life or Death ! -
•e• Down with prejudices !
To the feeling boson)!
To the well-born soul
After having experienced, for.upsvards of seven years,
the most unjust, the most cruel and barbarous treatment
which a humin being could possibly endure from the
hands of sanguinary dogs! infamous monsters ! in hu-
man shape ! who have by subtility and villainy arrogated
unto themselves prerogatives of the execution of laws,
which they themselves daily transgress with impunity;
destitute of right, justice, or equity ! I hereby declare
my determined intentions to fix my residence in my na-
tive country (island of St. Domingo), thither peaceably
to await the development of events the most interesting to
humanity, groaning under pressure the Bloat cruel and in-
iquitous !
*4„a There shall soon commence a war the most ter-
rible and sanguinary that has ever existed since the crea-
tion of the world!

Napoleon shall be delivered in spite of all the measures
of those machiavelian dogs of iniquity ! who conduct
the affairs of a government the most despicable in the
universe! whose baneful and subtle influence has unhap-
pily extended itself almost in all governments of the
resat ! '„' Woe be unto them who by perjured villain!
and all who have in any manner contributed to my str-
ferings !
°,Ol St. Domingo shall become the rallying point--
the general concentration of all geniuses and spirits.—
the most determined) to maintain the rights of man ! to
the extinction of all prejudice and of slavery
'.' From thence shall emanate Shape, the lawgiver,
who shall rule the whole earth with a ro,l of iron.

'BENJ. DE CHAITZLLIER.
Formerly of Baltimore.
My " honest friends" of the north are at perfect li-
bi.rty to givc publicity to the shove.
31 ay 5. Louisiana ifilosriiuer, .►fay IL 1819.
TIIE LAST MAN.

All worldly shapes shall melt in gloom,
The Sun himself must die.
Before this moist' shall assume

Its Immortality !
1 RIM a vision in my sleep,
That gave my spirit strength to sweep
Aduwn the gulf of Time !
I saw the last of human mould,
That shall Creation's death behold,
As Adam saw her prime !
The Sun's eye had a sickly glare,
The Earth with age iras wan,
The skeletons of nations were
Around that lonely min !
Some had expired in fight,—the brands
Still rusted in their bony hands
In plague and famine some !
Earth's cities had no sound nor tread ;
And ships were drifting with the dead
To shores where all was dumb !
Yet, prophet-like, that lone one stood,
With daunt Ica' words and high,
That shook the sere leaves from the wood
As if a storm pass'd by,
Saying, We are twins in death, proud Sun,
Thy face is cold, thy race is rua,
'Ti. Mercy bids thee go.
For thou ten thousand thousand years
Mast seen the tide of human tears,
That shall no longer flow.
What though beneath thee man put forth
His pomp, his pride, :is skill;
And arts that made fire, flood, and earth,
The vassals of his will ;_
Yet mourn I not thy parted sway,
Thou dim discrowned king of day :
For all those trophied arts
And triumphs that beneath thee sprang,
Heald not a passion or a pang
Entaird on human hearts.
00, let oblivion's certain fall
Upon the stags of men,
Nor with thy rising beams recall
Life's tragedy again.
Its piteous pageants bring not back,
Nor waken flesh, upon the rack
Of pain anew to writhe;
Streteh'd in disease's-shapes abhorr',l,.
Or mown in battle by the sword,
Like grass beneath the sithe.
Ev'n I am weary in yon skies
To watch thy fading fire;
Test of all sunless agonies,
Behold not me expire.
Aly lips that speak thy dirge of death—
Their rounded gasp and girgling breath
To see thou shalt not boast.
The eclipse of Nature spreads my pall,—
The majesty of darkness shall
Receive my paring ghost !
This spirit shall return to Muth
That gave its heavenly spark ;
Yet think not, Sun, it shall be dim
When thou thyself art dark !
Nu! it shall live again, and shin.
In bliss unknown to beams of thine,
By Him recalld to breath,
Who captive led captivity,
Who robb'd the grave of Victory,—
And took the attng from Death !
Go. Sun, while Mercy holds me up
On Nature's awful waste
To drink this last sod bitter cup
Of grief that man shall taste—
Go, tell the night that hides thy face,
Thou !latest the last of Adam's race,
On Earth's sepulchral clod,
The dark'ning universe defy
To quench his Immortality,
Or shake his Mai in God I—Campbell's Poems.

An arrival at Norfolk, Virginia, on tuesday last, in 11
days, from Havannah, has brought information that an-
other insurrection bad been contemplated at a place called
Lemond, in the Island of Cuba. The negroes belonging
to nine plantations were concerned in the revolt. It was
discovered on the morning of the day (13th August) that
they intended carrying their plan into execution. Eighteen
of the ringleaders hail been arrested, and further efforts
were making to apprehend the remainder. An expedition
was preparing at Havannah to relieve the fortress of St.
Juan de I;ll°37—New l'
PMAGL or 11E1A.--
three Peerages which enabled
motion of Lord Bloomfield t
Ireland, four more Peerages
claims of the church, army.
attended to. in tht promotioi
rals, and a Chief Justice. '
present occasion, will bear
Peerages extinct are, I'
Lord Eardeley, and Ni
1824 ; and Whitworth,
worth, in England) in I
Peerages extinct since
exceeds the ratio of one .
officers have been mentioned
now vacant :—Sir Henry "
!viral of the Red ; Sir Jo
Admiral of the Red; and
C. 8., Admiral of the

POP

• ;•6

~~ n .-..,,.~.

COURT OF COMMON COUNCIL.

Yesterday a Court of Cottimott Council Mgt held forlleteepligit
of a variety of public busioem.
WARD INQUESTS.
SawatoX moved, that it should be _referred to a tarnish*
to inquire and report on the nature of the duties of Ward Impugns,
and the manner in which they were executed, and also that tbh
Report which the Committee should make-be printed: and sent to
ltlember of the Court. He referred them to the sport ova
cute respactirg falter weights, which tot.k place at the Matogob-
house. This was one of the moct important iubjaels connect
with the municipal regulations of the city, and he should feel Obi
dity to call the particular attention of the Ccurt to it. "-It waa
br tound that the nick-t important duties which beluoMid to di
Word Inquest had fallen into disrepute, and that others wereArip.
dered perfectly nugatory by the general mode of proceeding- which
Inquests had adopted.
The motion was agreed to unanimously.
The Lottu fllaron submitted to the Court a letter totes
Alderman Venables, announcing If a intention of accepting ebb
office of Lord Mayor, to which he was elected by his fellow-catireifs
in Commou Hall.

TILE OFFICE OF TOWN CLERK.
. The discussion on the Report as to the Wary %%loch should leer
given to the person who might be elected to serve tha office of Tow%
Clerk, was then resumed.
AIL S. DJ xox objected to give the Town Clerk 2,0001. per se.
num, with various pnvileges, exclusive of the allowance of 1,5001.
for the salaries of his clerks. With such an allowance, he deer*
that he would sooner take the office of Town Clerk than that ft
Lord ./layer, because it-wit:lld last much Inngtr, and produce much
more profit than the latter (Vice generally did. (Laughter.)
111 r. JONE* thought that the allowance of one thousand five
hundred pounds to the clerks excessive, and moved as an a.oend-
ment that the sum allowed for the clerks should be 1_,2001. per an-
num. Ile thought the Court should have some report annually of
'the names of the clerks etuployel, and the sums given to'tlieua, in
order that they might sec how :he alluvrance•wat
111 r. Lea e thought the sum, of 1.6001. was Ilot too much, befit
he considered that the Court should Piave:the appoinMent of the
clerks, He thought that 4,8001. per annum would form a mud.
liceut allowance.fin the Town Clerk, with a residence at rha,last.
pence of the City, as he was not aware that it was requisite, foe
the dignity of the office, that he should keep his carriage. Ile
was of opinion that lees of office ought to be entirely abolished:
they formed une of the most ancient, and at the same time grievous
'abuses, which were maintained by prescription. There was one af
the fees to which lie must particularly object. Be found that a
fee of 31. 10s. was taken on thi admission of a broker. But
there was an exception afterwards, which fixed that any Jew ad-
mitted to the office of broker should be compelled to pay 91. on his
admission. Now there were many members supporting the'Res.
port, rho professed to Be Meads of libiral principles, and he was'at
a loss to conceive how they could agree to ha invidious and illi-
beral a distinction.

Mr. Fsvx/t. said, that the distinction wits by no means made
in the feeling imputed by the worthy member, for the largo-ter
M.ll fixed on the admission of a Jew broker, because the office was
proportionately more lucrative. (Hear.) lie concluded by mom-
mending that the Coup should adopt, with respect. to junior clerks
in the office, what was adopted in the Dank and the Emit lags
House, monely,that specific salaries should be given fur the per-
formance of specific duties.
Mr. Hueco/tut and Mr. Put../tir supported the Report,
which, atter some further discussion, was agreed to.
Mr. Deputy Ro Tut theta presented a petition trom Mr. Henry
Woodthorpe, praying to be elected to the office of Town Clerk,
to succeed his father.

Mr.-S. Dtxow ,seeerided the motion.
The standing order, that the elections of this Court, and that all
elections should be by ballot, was suspended, 514 Mr. Woos
thorpe was unanimously elected.
Mr. Woodthorpe was then celled into the Court, *lion the LORD
MAYOR said, he was highly padded in bring able to interne him
that his election had been unanimous. His Lordship felt convinetd,
term, the able manner in which he bad performed the duties of tiw
Mice of Deputy Town Clerk, he would execute in an efficient snit
honourable manner the duties of the higher office, to Which he was
now electedin so distinguished a manner.
Mr. WoolintortrE, with much emotion, expressed his grate.
fal acknowledgments for the honour done bins. fie begged to as-
sure them, that if their apt robation of any exertions of his had mu-
cured for hint this distinction, it should only operate as a stimulus,
if any were wanting, to increase his future efforts to execute the
'duties of his Mike, and maintain all the important franchises of IRA
Court and the Corporation at large.
At this Cdurt it was also resolved that Thomas Kelly, Esq. one
of the Sheriffs of the City, and a member of the Court, should be
pertniited to take bis seat on the Bench with the Aldermen.
The Committee for Denerul Purposes presented a Report upon
the present state of the carriage-way pavement of Blackfriars
Bridge, and recommending the same to be repaved again upon the
surface of the present broken granite toad ; which, after considers.
able discussion, was referred back to the Committee to rcootsairke
and report thereon.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

NEWMARKET FIRST OCTOBER MEETINO.

WEDNESDAY.
(FINETNEN PARTICULARS.)
Most of those Noblemen and Oentiemen whose natnet
we have before stated were present, including Lord and
Lady Harvey, who arrived just before the horded started;
but of general company the numbers fell very short.
In the evening Cheveley, the palace, and the rook
were numerously attended.
In our paper of yesterday we gave an account of the
decision of the three racer, and we now present particulate
of the running.
Sweepstakes of 50 sows. each.
Betting.—lligh odds on the winner, and S to 2 and 3 to 1 spigot:
51r. Hunter's filly.
Cricketer and the Comus filly jumped off at starting, and kept at
quick time head and head opal the last five yards, when Cricketer
won the nee by a head only.
On this decision there were many grumblers. Some said, and
others even swore, that Slr. Hunter's filly won by a Lead bet.
from our knowledge of the precision of the Judge, and what we sow
of the race, we unhesitatingly pronounce the decision correct.
The winner was rode by Arnull, Comas filly by Conolly, ang
Mr. Greenlee by R Boyce.
Anson Stakes of 300 each. T.V C. betting 6 and 7to 4 sea
2 to I on the winner, and 4 and S to I agst Mr. Prendergast's.
Mr. Prendergast's Rainbow filly banged off, watched very,
closely by Paul Jones (the Niobe colt, and one of the most bead-
tiful we have seen for sonic time) and so they run almost neck emu
neck until near the cords, when Paul Jones made • grand rush,
and came home by a length. The Duke's f. Lilies came in third.
by at leant four lengths, and Mr. Crockford's Selim filly (not kl
Grevilie's c. by Merlin, as we yesterday stated by mistake) was 4th.
rode by Robinson, Paul Jones by Barnard, Mr.' Prendergast's
by John Day, and Lilies by Buckle. Fine jockeyship was de-
picted in this race, and if the Rainbow filly could have come ;get,.
concert pitch, we do not know a rider tat thin or any other mow
ing who could have placed her nose in front in quicker time titan
John Day.
The St. Leger Stakes. D.I.
Betting 10 to 1 on Rules, who made all the running, and wad
his race easy. throughout which he very kindly condescended to let
the Vt'alton filly keep second by a length only.
Some good sport is expected to-morrow, as will be seen
by the following appointments:—
At one—Post Sweeptakes of 160 soya. each ; colts Ilst.rlb. ; Ellize
Bst. 31b. R.M. To bring one to the post.
Duke of Grafton's ch. c by Tuley, out of Sledona
Duke of Grafton's ch. f. Tontine, by Election—Pope Joan
Lord Eseter's eh. c. Enamel, by Phantom—Miniature
Duke of Portland's c. by Teesdale, out of Pledge
Mr. Willianison's e. by Stl:m, dam by Orville
Mr. Williernson's c. by Haphazard, out of Harriet's darn
The following bare paid:—
Duke of Portland's E by Magistrate
Mr. Pettit's ch. c. by Soothsayer
Mr. Hunter's c. and f. (both by Orville)
Mr. Greville's Peter Proteus, and f. by Aladdin, and two otbae
(dead).

At half:pest one—The King's Plate o 100 gs. R.C.
Mr. Percy's Prosody, aged
Duke of Grafton's Zinc, 5 yrs
Mr. Moss's Double Entendrc, 4 yrs
Col. Wilson's Oscar, to yn
Mr. Pettit's Cadiz, 4 yrs
Mr. Pettit's Catiline, aged
Mr. Molony's Cinder, L yrs

At two—Match for 80, T.Y.C.
Lnrd Huntingfield's Verbina, tea. apt Mr. Lee's Maclean*.
lis. 71b.
As half-past two—Match for 100. Clods:, Bat. 91h. &gat loislts,
Bst. lib. Find half of Ab.3l.

At three—Town Plate of 407. D.I.

"a,e, were received
with hissing,, and
C"
hr's—" Manager"—`"
11` a minute or two, a!
p•rformers, as they rn
tlause. particularly
Mr. Murray' as Fla
" What JO you mal
from the galleries. A
xith his part, he 'Ova
u'l,lressed the audiere
" Ladies and Geutlem
to do; nor CAP I
.prop
non-appearance in E
PIS under a late eng
him, that a party was
voluntarily renounced
" it, t should bare f
!ss forward." This
‘iearty cheers, and th
~o the stage, when in
lullterer, lasted but
er friends were more
r.,Weared to sufrer a
133, misfortunes have
Prrsonal attractions.
134himaables were in t

1 ;
1 ,
, 1
"
1 ,
i
-„; , s
1.
•
4 - ' '•
i
I - ,
}. , ;
!
! , 1
,
1
, ,
t
. - •
i
I‘,
i .
~, f, i
.
t i
.1 t
i t )
ii:
it
. ;
lif •
1,
S 7
t .
i 1
..
t
I,i
I ,
:t 1
! -1,
1
1}
10 ,k
.
.
ij
I :
, •
•
It
. ,
•
, .
• 'f-j:
: ..
•
- o
_ .
. -

Mr. Wyn,dthan
SweepstakesS in andTHrbluDTAtylo:nhill's surprise sowed.
as aJavautiag. Iv sulicic Inc ays.sLas VA 01.
,b. vles.peoli. \Mil Itr".11111C In am. /1.11•
"—New ?'tick Paper.
r larxearv.—Since the extinction of the
Paeniclosse. by Teasdale, out
Ot
of Pledge.
each was won by the Duke of
which enabled the Crown to cause the pro-
d Bloomfield to the dignity of a Baron of 'l.
more Peerages have become extinct. The —wsw.—
TATTERSALL'S, TiIVIIODAY, OCT. 6. hurch, army, and law, have been heretofore _
tbt promotion of an Archbishop, two Gene-
I Justice. The navy, it is expected, on the slack. The
reTwheefovielorywifne
swpresent to-day, consevently Damon Ira!
is a statement of the odds. ' •
i'.
n, will bear away the palm. The last four DIM.
la are, Hanger, Lord Colerain ; Eardeley, 101 to 1 agpt The General 115 to 1 apt Bolivar
ro !vanhoe' 16 to 1 apt Monarch 12 i
, and Newcumen, Viscount Newcomen, in to apt Brother . 4
• i
titworth, Lord IVitbworth, (Earl of W WAS. hit- i 12 to 1 sgst Pawn • I
7 to I art Parasol
and) in 1825. The entire number of Irish nto I apt Henry 119 to 1 apt Bizarre - ...
rot since the Union is twenty-eight, which DONCAIITtIi lIT. LECIER. .- • 1, • ,
lio of one annually. The following gallant stol M w
Met Bedlaite 15 to 1 apt Brother to Bairns!. ' ' •
tn mentioned as candidates for the Peerage
•
The P,,,orLy fox•hound wiU Melt 09 9londay . . .
Sir Henry Blackwood, Knight, Rear Ad- ti
gal ; Sir John Poer Bunion!, Bart., Rear. ' I. . .
ii:itiTath, •Thunday at Pratt*s Bottom, and Satu linfaratitagg.
Red; and Sir Jame'. Hawkins 11.hitSbedr The ianderstead hatters will inert on Monday, Withisklay:mike
rat of the Red. - Saturday noit week at Kennel, l' i
,• •
, :.
4 i
1.•:ot
r 4,
. •
r '''`'i....-:..- -:-
.—""aleeairirag""i"."l". •••••
_.- r.r.'. '.. .. • •
. ... ...0. ... . .
