lit I.NCH PAPTIS.

Tile following article* a ese annexed to the d
Bulletin or tlie Fratieli Briny iu Genital. the so:,
stance of which tre pre yesterday.

MCIVER AINIOU*SIiD UP TUG .9 u *Pin, IT TEE
Ant lIDEOCk CMAKLES TO IHE SSW: 01 SAVAIII • ,

AND IN'FRTLP I:I2ST lULLWTIN OP

tett Ausrniax Abu'.

Stitc-1 have the honour to intotut your Meier-
ty, that in pursuauce of the de4 Ignition of an
Majerty the Emperor of •Austriato the Emperor
Nuonirots, I have received orders to (Mtn' IS:u•rrla
with the troops under my corn:nand, Will to treat
as enemies those who .hell *tier revistinscr.

1 ardently wish, Sire, that you wank! listen to
the desires of your people, who litn iu a♦ mow to. t
deliverer. The seri:cyst commands lime been ;Orris
iu order, mail your MAjeity 'mike known you:
intentions an this Instil, that no hostilities be com-
mitted except agniust the eliemy of all political
indpendente in Europe.. It it ouln he tery painful
to me to turn my urine ■huiurt the troops of your
fllitpsay, and to involve your subjects in the mise-
ries of u wur, ~.ttziertakeil for gesierkl liberty, mud
whow brat prinviple &dudes all plait of I:4,roptest
but if the force of cireanistances should leicl yr.er
aliijeity to u condescension ino wait& wale your
happitirsi. oil your people, I lice;
you nevertheless to be convinces' that my soldier.,
will maintain, under every circumstance, the
of your Majesty; and I ii:vitc you, Sire, to conliiie
yourself to the honour of my Sorercigit, mid the
protection of his arms,"

i

CASSEL, APRIL. C 3.

LON DCiN ,
THEIRSDAY. MAY 1?.

isa!ior.s happily united with her under one Itkonsrch, were
also to Le threatened with annihilation, in oder to convince
them, that Cow them too the hour was appointed. when they
(-re to he subjectvd to the Woo sceptre and political arbitrw.
tine,* of au Alice, and then the throne of their adored fa.
rt.ily Princes was to be tillrd by other Aliens-1u order to
avoid this infamy From, d for them, to make then' adhere
suiwe boidly than cyst to their lawful Sosereigo, who, Gee.'
mars, was voice your owe Emperor, and to inflame them with
the unthaws' mithusiss:h fur their own salvation, wad your
rrdemptiou! People of Germouy 1 they ;ore iiot the usual fussier
*Lich hostels to your relief; ue, linty are bustling with patriot-
ism, with abhorrence of bootlace and tyriony ; they fight
fee themselves, fur freedom, for their property, fur national
existeace, and national butter, :er Nwir rights, and fur
thrir just ['since. 'the mass tithe esMMn herself bas risen
iii her jail iudigaistion, and taken top arras, they lend their
hands u briallre•a; they Call on your to raise your low-
brnt necks to Lreak you ignomiukon irons, and to make
garb a t ovvoant v thine Isebts indcpcnileat indiums. The
present moment will never return, not in whole centuries ;
stile it lest it should fly from you fur ever; itnitnie the
libistrious example of Spaiii„ thoitzh a victim of sliaateful
treachery, which still equra:;einssity range; even when um
uoruns hostile legious had ur-rrun fart territories, that high
people dew to arms, fur the honour cud right. of b.:,
I'riner, *bile the latter is infamously detained in foreign
caitivity, and deprived Of his eau free-will, by treachery,
initicr the mask et friendship, and tkat still
tumulus wncoa-
gaerrd rot now ; sheiithat year country, your iuditpeadenei',
Gettranie ricbtemid impulatiuyare still dear to you ; that you
Lave boll the will said resolution to rescue it from week*.
rd slavery, in .ardor to trauma it free, and nut uLdrr. a to-
)eica yobs, to your offspring. Du Oct fear the bluudy con.
fi.at that mast earl lo victory. Who begins coorazeoualy
oildt.'s nu [separable oral.—ifuhabitanis of Germany ! attend
to the patriotic voice of Austria; it calls ^na to the standard
or u Germanic Chief "ho so often led you to victory. For
• t..e.iost time Charles luaus to your aid—he wishes to wave
neon ar.d w ill do it !

nib instant the cannon of our city proclaims the
important victory which hots been gained or er the
Aust:ianii, between the lath and 19th inst. rsear
Ingotstadt. A Courier Las brought this intelli-
lever. t)n his delarture the cannon wus still thun-
dering on the field of battle-7000 Austrians are
psispiirrs--a gnat number lias been killed, and
Ihrir army lost groom to the distance of 10 leagues.
Perfect tranquillity reigns in this residence.
BARI:CTN. IPaIL g 4.
The Alistriti•is %who eNterrd Nuremberg on the
°oil) ins.a. acre soon oLligrd to roir,at azaitt..
In liatistion beiwerii 20 and 30 hours an said
to l:uve become a prey to the flames.

ACOAIIVRG, Aram 41.
Ve.tertfay the Austrians wrre Mal in Munich.
Yr:arra:ly Anstriin pristmers win wrre se-
vrrely wounded near lqatTeultoveu and Pullen, ar-
rived here,

THE BRITISH PRESS.

We have received German Papers to the 29th
1.1. t, from hich we have made scent/ extracts.
Their pritieipal article is u Prix isolation of the
Archduke CHARLES to the people of Germany.

We hove re.:eived Duleo Papers to the Bth inst.
from which we I.lve mode moue extracts. They
not important.

Prince Sftsttlsfosso, late Envoy Extraortli-
oury stud Minister Plenipotentiary from the Court
4,r Vienna to this eatuttry, arrived yesterday in
London, to tontine his Crater 41:IA011101C liittl74.
S;On• lie was with the Austrian army on the 19th,
and 2lst, and says that on those days the
Freurh had not the advantage, us stated in the
French flulletins. The Austrian array was in
gh spiritA, and well supplied and appointed in
every 'particular ; aril the French army had sutler.
•41 .11 nutria in the series of actions up to the 21!Ith.
'that it felt itself tinabh. to advance timber. He
also states, that in Italy the Austrians had obtained
SOl/11! very important advantages, nod that the
uhtile pupalation of the 'ryrol Lave'risen to a than
in favour of Austria. Has Excel.ency made his
way through Holland in the disguise of a Mitch
merchant ; and utter enduring litany dangers at.d
difficulties, VIAIS picked up at seu in a fishing-boat
lay ow of our cruistrss

A (4‘. t t .n 1) torgh Mail arrived yesterday morning,
r mid liver, front Stockholm to the '27th
They contain a long Report from Col. LEG E
publiked by his Royal Highness the Duat
REGENT, in which he states. that, having rni','ived
orders to commence a negotiation with the. Russian
Alljointnander in Finland, and to proceed to that

country to ascertain the amount of the force
that threatened the capital, he, on his first over-
ture, was answered, that the Rasaians could nut
suspend their operations, as four columns had al-
ready pat themselves in motion to surround Aland ;
big it was et length agreed that a negoriutiou
should commence, and that the Russians should nut
advance: farther during its continuance. The Rua-
firm arm}• h.! found amounted to 30,nn0 and
on the 16th March he proceeded to Cleturiisby,
the head-quarters of the Russian Commander-in:
Chief, fur the purlieus of commencing the 'legume-

Linn. A convection for the evacuation of Alatxl tviss

the point of being signed, when the Rutatian
ter at Wet euncelkd all the rti,►ulatione agreed
iipna, mid dechirerl that his Imperial Remain' !lila-
jepty heti IM other view in the expedition agannt
Maul than to conclude a peace in the capital of

Sweden, fur which purpose not Rnssian army iris
ordered to march into that country Ity 'Cornea, while
another was to enter it by Quarken, and that a sus-
pension of hostilities could iint be granted oo any
other terais tt ail that the diviNi,o, of swed.o,r) troops
iu Aloud should remain in its positions, surrounded
by the Russian troops, until :he answer of his Itnyal
Highness ur the propositions of peace should be te-
ceivelTholic proceedings haring been laid before the
Duke Rsgent of Sweden, by COI. LIMIERBRIfir the
.latter was ordelerl to peached tit His IMPERIAL Rus-
sial. MAJESTY, with • letter from haw Royal High-
ness, and larrit.cd at the Ressiso Head-gnarters,
in Aland, on the SW, as a negotiator for peace,
in which quality he declared that it was his Royal
Highness's iiitentinii not to conclude a separate
peace with Russia, hut a general peace with all the
enemies of Sweden, end that he was the bearer of a
letter from the Duke REG EN TIO Ms IMPERIAL MA-
JESTY, to that eflect. Upon this the Russian General
said he could unt suspend the operations, but must
proceed to the immediate attack of Sweden ; and
Colonel Ltazuvad, alarmed at the consequence,
concluded a coavention, the principal terms of
which were, toot during the urgociation no attempt
should be made nu the part of Sweden to retake
'Aland; and that the main body' of the Russian
troops in Aland should be ordered to march back 'o
Finland, to which terms, the report says,tbsi.ltursion
(.eueral most certaiuly would lint have aireed, hurl
lie not been convinced of His :34I‘Eirl AL 5.11.111071 rs
wish to conclude peace with the 'nests,' gostero-
ment of Sweden.

The country cannot too highly marl, its appro
Nation of the able, calm, and perspicuous M4111114',
in which Mr. Miami brought forward his pro-
posed regulations, for diminishiug the enormous
pensions, sineeures, and compensations, now exist.
iug, and doily augmenting in almost every deport-
ment of the State. It funned the subject of a very
interesting speech, on Monday. in the House of
Commons. We may there see, with what facility,
frequency. awl impunity, the Treasury evn,le, or
disregard all the legislative enactment, male to
restrain profusion or peculation. \Who but must
feel some indignation, when he sees and finds, that
in times lilte these, the pension* granted to Foreign
Ministers have actually increased in twenty-tvo
years, since 1787, from about 9,0001. per ineum,
to nears2,oool. ; that is. nearly six times its for-
mer amount ! Boise* Bill a;mestrs to have
formed nu manner of bother or impedinseut to any
grant or abuse. Tiough by that Act, the pen-
sions, paid out of the Treasury Fee Fend, a ere
positively restricted to the auto of 9.3,0001. annually,
it appears that they hive been more than doubled;
amounting now to more than 36,0001. airir. But
the annual suns expended in sinecures at this mo-
men?, when we feel so severely the attacks of the
Assesf.nr and the Tox-gatherer, may well awaken
Seine attention hi the politic. Abuse 272,0001. per
annum is thus bestowed. though the return,, made
upon the subject do not embrace, or include the
colonies. It was not possible for the Ctisx,:ift.r.os
of the EICHCQUER to refuse going into an inquiry,
or taking into consicLration such it report, aithunt
exposing himself and his colleagues to notional re-
prehension. We cannot doubt, that when it comes
before the House, it will produce effects propor-
tioued to its importance.
Yesterdoy, *knit 12o'crock, flot Ma.rxerx ar-
' rived at the Queen's Palace, from Windsor, where
lie seas received by the Dukes.of Yoitt, CUMBLIL-
LAMP. KEbT, kum:x. and CARIBIUDGF,.
faun after two o'clock Ills MaJESTV held a phi-
rate Levee, which was attended
The Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor, the
lard President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, the
/Piro Lord of the Tee:lsom the First Lora of the Adonalty,
the Master-General of the Ordnance-, the Three Secretaries
of Anne, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the t'quistander-
te-Chief, the Judge Advocate, the lord Chanaterlain, the
Lord Steward of the Househotd, the Doke of Montrose,
Earl Maunt-Edgetuntit ; Lords So servant and Ileathtieltl
(Gold.stick) Sirs S. Cotterel and C H. Harland; Meier
Palk, r, Captain Cadogen, Mess's. Arbuthnot nod Corson*.
hilts fulluwim; lad toy hotfoor of beiug preseuted
to His NI oJeiree

Sir Clerks Hoar liarlai.J, upon his being created • Ba-
ronet.

Mr. Carson. upon his marriage.
Major E. Parker, of the 19tti Light Dragoons, upon his
pnintolinn
Mr. Arbuthnot, upon his Ming appointed Secretary to the
Treasury.
The lima Capt. Z'arlogan, upuo his promotion.
llis 111•Jcsry held it Privy Council, and gave
audiences to the LOAD ChANCELII.OII; the fluke of
POUTLAND, and the rest of the Calonet Ministers
present ; Sir •DAVID DUNDAS, Mid Mr. RYDER*
140 laid befory ills MAJLITY the proceedings of
sei era! Courts Martial.
About 'even o'clock, this MAJESTY set off on his
retort' to Windsor.

Count STAIMEMDF.RG hail an interview with Mr.
CANNING). tinsiseiliately Uroll In, arrival yesterday
itioroing, end they remained eh...tril together till
Mr. CANNING w..ot to wait, tipdo ll,r NiAarenr•
Yesterday, Count STARNhallid:lto., the Spanish
and eurtugue,e Arnba,,vadors -1 of the edhinet
itllinistrft. awl Lord WIWAM 131,NTINGN, dined
with Mr. CANNING. At this meeting suutr ar-
ranger,Lents were inmlP with Count Stattonsisuatto
and Lord 13LoTtilex, previoris to his
Lorri.hip's setting tiff is polo hi. inassion to Vienna.
Filly piece, of brain Oriltiar.te have
,been ship-
ped io the river, wiihio these fen 4:4)5, far (ier-
wen). They are wilt in eetstetnplatiust of abcKlance
to the Emperor of Aestat.v, shouhl events render
it necessary.
The inhabitants of the town of Strathaven, have
voted an Address or Titanic.. to Colonel Il'attni.c,
Lord ellacnisa D lIAMILTON, ke. for their iside•
prudent conduct duriti4 the late ittereligattuil, aintl
have agreed that a sow !Hirt of *that town, should
be detitnaluated NN'ar.llo-atteat.•

.

