AMERICA.

This Das ir publiatied, ataneenni• a. 14 Inrntly printed on •
fine wove Demo I' ..r, and conhdras Al in Trim, fmr ti•.rn
b,-r<, the whole, of env ..art of •hi..M y.w had tor*, .te,
a. the :inrrhaver ma) t..ink proper, at On S'.3l itch,
mrMine Fn.lr large Volumes in Lttavo, price li. 16e. in
haa,da, or 11. ita. bound, of
AN Historical, Geographical, Contrneecial. and
P. ilovonhical VIEW of 'he wreaent SI TV -1105 wfrtua
LVIrED STA rLs .1 AMERICA, co hp .•n nlie= 4De
,f the Fri:tad t...• rFx Cisil I.l;st.i.tos,
Chief Towne, C tev, Cosiosisies, Atouotairis,
Sava, Riv.:r,S • m la.an la, 5 ,r,.1%/' !ititory,P.L.l.4,:t.usity
P,ollWiten.l, 0•41 ct,r, (iovernment, Provinel I Conatiturnns,
Cowrie of rum re. Lnenuure, Avic ilium, Com-
m Ice, and Moor) ; en. Inuit and linen...ging &crown! ‘.l. tat
lan. War. Ge.nrral and partieu:ar Description of tint Western
Ter-iron, &et tucks, arc.
To which r d, generl Aecou tof the fierneere of
Anseticx, by ; irorral 13.4 on !tan of the wieve
C •-,i nem of A on., a. and the ninPlerous Tribes of American
Ipsfixin their Mannet., Curnms, Sr. &e.
T., Which is ad t I, a View of the prenneht State of rho
French, 1-1.:11.h. and DuLli Pubic... Nos to Am: ri.n
and toe Wo4 In.) a Nand*.

A:. 4.1 Aiopewl.v.s cuTstaiuing variolai intere.tmg sad sal,.
she Proe, and netinn. relati .e to cultsvat.ng Tobacco
Rice, Masse, Suga• , Mate Tr..r, &,.. ,
The Ma;es, Cl.srt-, and Plats, winch accompany this Work,
are laid wo on a very large scale, .‘ ;th treat a-:s,r, .y, f,ms
actuaN.sryTy•i, made under the insiotoon of t'c • Amegica2
Go.ernment, and a-e e•4,av ed iu the ant ...nner.
To these a.ld e'ecsat Pomade -wf Dr. Carte.
ml ‘Va•lngt Penn, Sc Sc. Sc. all taken keen
Ong•nal Pont, g.
T' oi,erl, form the Natural History of A enesies, are
elegant and .ccurate Repr .ant show of .11 the moat remark.
f1.“1., end,,, ts, Fi.bes,Vegetables,
Sc. pec.l:o to the Arner,e.n Continent.
Ctrip.'ed from the Labour, of
rranklin, I $ lay, Jahn MiTllll,
lit,t.. ets,a, C •.•••••,, da In., Clipt M
J r-,m, lie:, :e.i. T.sletoa,
A, nal, R . )'swan) is
Con;aer, I &mut, fkorral L slimmer. See.
American a .rt Eneliat Philos-ph, .. Sty • from
trar,•sus crigaial and a utneh h: v. $ .sm u ,alsons
Be •ne M.,. W. WINTERS,,THI‘II,
or 10y5...1.1ne Chaps', Plymouth.

Priuta for H V. S. noads, Na. 20, Paieroo4tet-roo; sae
R a ? York-sttoot, St. Jo:Does-No.Bre.

I

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FROM THE FRESCII PAPERS.

PARIS. ♦OGVST 10.

A memorial has been presented to Government,
in which it has been propmsed, that every French
Citizen, every year, on thy. day of his rna. riage, or
on the birth of a child, should be obliged, under a
fine of fifty Lyres, to plant a tree in the neighbour-
hood of his residence; and that every parent, widow,
widower, son, and daughter, on the day of
the decease of their relatives or friends, are to
plant trees on their graves, or not far distant from
their places of burial. If this memorial was chang-
ed into a law, not only fuel would be cheaper, bat
in ten years we should have timber enough to build
both flotillas, and a fleet more powerful and nu-
nwsous than that of England; and, instead of im-
porting timber or planks from Russia, Sweden, and
Denmark; we would have sufficient to provide
Spain, Portugal, and Italy, with this necessary
article.

During the month Messidor, between the 20th of
June and 20th of July, no less than sixty-six per-
sons committed suicides at Paris, of whom twenty-
two were women. Eighteen drowned themselves,
eig't hanged themselves, thirty poisoned them-
selves, and ten shot themselves. Among them, the
most remarkable was Josephine Barre, in the Rue
St. Dominique, who, in a fit of jealousy, poisoned
ber lover, and afterwards herself ; but, apprehen-
sive that the poison would have no effed, she shot
herself through the heart. A letter upon the table
explaiacd the cause of this rash art. She was just
turneslof seventeen, and an only child of a rich
wood merchant, who L is been mad ever since. Her
mother died oleo:mirk -ns on the day of her daugh-
ter's suicide. Another suicide, Louis Deny. aged
twenty-one, fill in love with his own sister; and his
mother having discovered his incestuous passion,
he poisoned them both, and afterwards hanged him-
self. In a fetter to the Prefeft of Police, he de-
manded to be buried in the same grave with his
sister, which has hen consented to. She was not
quite fitteen.—( 7,,vrinol de Paris.)
According to rise registers of the Police, the com-
mon girls in this capital amount to 4-1,500, and
liio9 kept mistresses are known to the Police.—
Among those unfortunate persons, nearly one-thirl
are divor:ed women, who, within some few years,
have been married to several husbands. The former
laws concerning divorces may therefore truly be
called the laws of legal prostitution, and they have
done more harm to the morals of the people, than
all the horrid examples vices, and crimes, they have
witnessed since the Revolution, and which our pre-
sent beloved Emperor has put an end tn. Accord-
ing to our renewed civil code, it requires at least
twelve months before an aft of divorce can be ob-
tained.— (Id.)
A beautiful printed work, called Mamie! It In
Leg ea d'ilosen.mt, has made its appearance, and
in a short time has gone through two editions.
Mr. Thibaudet lately published a work, called
" My Twenty Years Remembrances (Spentin)
of Berlin," of which he presented a copy to the
King of Prussia. In return, the Marquis Lucchi-
sini, on the part of his Sovereign, delivered to him
a beautiful gold sweff-box, with the pilture of His
Majesty, set round with large diamonds.

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LON DON,
SATURDAY. Atausr 25.

That BON art's plans of destruftion against
the Turkish empire have been retarded by the ar-
rival of Russian troops in the Mediterranean, the
doleful complaints in the pages of the Malik Mr, for
these four months past, plainly evince; and that the
Seven Islands owe their tranquillity to the presence
of Russian garrisons, no one, who remembers the
plots, intrigues, and invasions of revolutionary France
during the last war, can any longer doubt. The
impudence of the Usurper is almost surpassed by
the audacity of his official libellers ; and, because
the tyranny of the former has been able to silence
all loyal writers upon the continent, the latter
are daring enough to write as if every trace
of all the atrocities committed, outrages cape, i-ncetl,
and ruins meditated by the different French rulers,
their Generals and emissaries, within these last
twelve years, were obliterated from the memory of
man, as well as the page of history. With the puerile
parity of a child, and with the ferocity of a demon,
BOP A AAAAA unites the affeßation of mildness, and
the stoicism of a patriot. The revival of the Roman
Republic, and the pedantic affatation of a Cisal.
pine and a Ligurian Republic, and an Etrurian
kingdom, were not the only ancient names and new
eba,!ges he intended, after his successful campaigns
of 1796 and 1797. AU the old Grecian Republics
were to be re-organised, and the most corrupted
and vilest of slaves (the French Republicans ex-
cepted) were to from the virtuous citizens of the

regenerated Republics of modern Athens, of Lace-
demon, &c. That this accusation ie not unfounded,
we are able to prove, from official authority, never
contradie.led, and which shews the necessity of a
Hessian army to proteifl the Morea and the adjacent
countries, at least as long as BONAPARTE'S bandit-
ties oppress and pollute, with their presence, the
Papal and Neapolitan territories. The Turkish
manifesto, with a declaration of war against France,
dated Rebuilakir, 1'213, or September 1 I th, 1798,
contains the following paragraph, copied retbatins
from the English translation.
4. Whilst, on one hand, the French Ministers at
Constantinople, pursuant to that system of duplicity
and deceit, which is the custom of their Govern-
meat every where, made professions of friendship
for the Ottoman Empire, endeavouring to make
the Sus it sit Po RT c the dupe of their dangerous pro-
jeds, and to forward their objen of exciting her
against other friendly powers, the Commanders
and Generals of their army in Italy, on the other
hand, were engaged in the heinous at kis,' of porverl-
ing the sis.'itelt of Hu Majesty die GRANO SEIGINIoNby
sending agents, persons notorious for their in-
triguing pradices, into Anatolia, Nl°. ea, and the
islands in the Archipelago: and by publishing mani-
festoes of the most insidious tenter, among which Me
one adds essed 4 Bow APART& hiniftif to the people of
Murk), with several other, distributed by the same Ge-
neral, are sufficiently known to the public."
After reading this, every uninejudiced mind
will easily see, that if the Greeks are agitated,
according to a late paragraph in the Ithnitenr, it is .
not, as The liforanti Chrolicle has wisely remark-
ed, on account of the neighbourhood of Russian
troops, but the presence of French emissaries among
them, who keep up the delusive hope of ddiveranee
from slavery, by Borer. AAAAA 's armed slaves in the
Ecclesiastical States. and in the kingdom of Na-
ples, who. without the foresight and liberal policy
of the RUSSIAN EAPEROR, would, before this time,
have made the inhabitants of these countries as
wretched as those of Italy, France, Switcerland,
Holland, and Hanover. What BONAP•RTE plotted
as a General, it is not hacardotts to say, he would
have executed when an Emperor.

The division of French gnn-boats, prams, flat-
bottomed boats, and other armed vessels of the grand
armada, blockaded by our ships in the mouth of the
Seine, and in the road of Havre, made several
attempts during last week, when the heavy gales
forced our blockading squadron from the Coast, to
get to the Eastward ; but Capt. °Livia kept such a
good look out, that they had hardly advanced a
league before the appearance of some of our fri-
gates under his command forced them to put back
again ; and, notwithstanding a high surf, they were
pursued so close, that twice the batteries off Havre
fired for halt an hour, but fortunately without
eftelt. Both at Havre and Honfleur, since the late
visit of the Minister of Marine, they have ereEled
some new batteries provided with heavy metal ;
they are, however, from the situation of the place,
and of the coast, unable to prevent our ships from
approaching the town of Havre, near enough to
b,mbard it; and, according to letters, such a bom-
bardment will again soon take place. A fishing.
boat from St. Marron has been spoken with, the
crew of which state, that most of the principal inha-
bitants have left the town, from dread of the return
of such an event ; and that all the rest would have
followed their example, had not the maritime pre.
fee, Four air, refused to give any more passes for
the interior. The trade of Havre is entirely rained.

Yesterday, at two o'clock, a Privy Council was
held at Lord HA !MOWRY'S Office, which was at-
tended by the Lott* CHANCILLOR, Earl C• %MN.
Lord kia 'ROW BY, Mr. PITT, and a number of
others. Sir St LPN ILN COT (IRV. L attesided as
Clerk.

On Thursday afternoon the LORD Cu A NCI L Loa
and Mr. Pi Yr had audiences of His Nt• ',sr r.

The Margaret, NIP se, from melds for Grena-
da, was captured on the tnd of April, and carried
into Cayenne.
An American Paper (The Afereantile Chranirle)
states, that Martinique is completely surrounded by
14 British ships of war, of different sizes; that an
attack was daily expetted ; and that a reinforce-
ment of troops had been brought from Antigua for
this purpose.
It is said that the squadron seen by the ...Wire,
Capt. Hoaysev, on the 2lth of last month, in lat.
41. long. 9. 30. steering a Southern course, and
which was supposed to have been an enemy's squa-
dron, WAS the Vast India outward-bound fleet under
convoy of the Culloden, Sir Enwa o Pet Law, which
sailed from Portsmouth on the lOth of July.
There was a report yesterday, at 'Change, that
accounts were received by Government, that the
enemy had their provisions and stores en board, and
ware ready to put to sea. Things are now in a
state, in which there does not appear to be any ob-
stacle to the enemy making the attempt, in as far
as depends on themselves. Their preparations, if
not complete, according to a pre-arranged system,
appear gigantic and formidable. If our Govern-
ment has not adopted due precaution of defence, it
can he neither from want of warning, of means, or
of time; and even if any thing were deficient, either
as to the military strength or arrangement, it would
be supplied by the patriotism and energy of the
nation. 'thee seems to be a general wish, that the
contest were brought to a crime.

