Tlietarl of i'llisrstottattio said. the objects of
the pretreat Bill were thrserlirdi ; feariare the pre-
servation of she tranquillity of Age iesrestri—the
preservation of the relations of sod amity
with foreign States--and the preservatiss of the
tratiquillity of Europe. lie contended, genteelly,
for the power of the Crown to remove milieus from
the cuuutry, as absolutely necessary to enable the
Executive Power to observe relations with other
States; and cited, in support of his assertions, a
passage of Magna Charts, exempting merchants
from a genensl previous prohibition. It hod beeu
urged that this measure had affected the character
of the country fur hospitality ; but the present
Bill bore flit comparison with that which was
greeted to Ministers in 179.1, sod yet the cha-
racter of the country never stood higher for hos-
pitality than satire that period. It had been also
asserted, that it operated to the diiadvantege
of the country, by preventing aliens from settling
among us. lie, however, felt no apprehensions of
any want of population in this country; he there-
fore mold not feel the force of that argument,
particularly when the increase sun desired was to be
obtained only from admitting all the rogues and
vagabonds of the Coistiosent.—(A feirgh.)—The
Noble Lords opposite übjected to the time of
passing this Bill. it was somewhat utifortunaie
that these Noble Lords could never find tiny time
proper fur pasetng it ; they had been as hostile to
the measure on every former occasion, Me at the
present. lie returned the Noble Lords Isis st
grateful acknowledgments fur the compli-
ments they had, by implication, paid to the I rte
peace ; but lie should desire to know whets this
light broke iii on them, fur, if his memory were not
very bad. he had not long since the misfortune of
differing with them iu opinion, upon the security
of that peace ; but even the hopes he had ewer.
bitted of its permanence, did not seem to justify
the total neglect of every measure of precaution.
He alluded to the proposition *litchi lied been
mule to the British Goveroment, fur assassinating
the late ruler of France. 0.1 this, he said, a lore:
laser was sent, and Ilse IlbtAßbiti was immediately
driven from the country; but how much better was
such a mode of proceedirg, thou iI intdligence led
been dispatched, that iu the course of live or six
terms the man should be sent out of the cotton,. ?
Upon these grounds ho could fed nil braltallail iu
calling on their Lordships to support the measure.
The 'Marquis of LA NiDOWN contended, that the
existence of such a power must of necessity lead
to the abuse of it. lie observed, that the expe-
diency which was alleged to reitiler this measure
necessary, did not depend uputs any secure or
general poinciples, but seamed to have reference
solely to the characters of a few individuals who
could not be supposed capable of effecting the
safety of this country. 'The Noble Earl opposite
had cited a passage from Magna Cla.rta, wherein
adieu ntercluints were declared admissible to the
country, nisi publics pruhibiti. tie had hoped the
Noble Lord could hose added Sir Etlwaid Coke's
interpretation of this passage. where it is stated
by that great low authuiiiy, that the public pro-
hibition eututiosied there meant one by the so-
lemn act of the Legi-lature. Its all CAWS of
difficulty, it was desirable to refer to the Acts
of the best times of the coustituti ~,, . cal al-
though in former times this country was nu less
I exposed thou at present, such a poster was never
required as was nut, imposed upon the Ministers.
Was it ever thought necessary to have recourse to
such a policy, even when the safety of this country
was threatened by all the ntschinatiuus of the Je-
suits, or when the whole fabric of society was endau-
gered by the society of Anabaptists existing in Gel-
massy. bitt hoeing their cuunrrtions in this country ?
yet then no person came down to Parliament, and
said, the existence of suds societies required the
enactment of such a measure us was slow offered.
Next came the danger arising nom the adliereiits
of the battled Stuarts ; and yet then nu security
was thought of, beyond what was to be obtained
by the ordinary laws of the country. Oil a former
eveuing, Isis Noble Friend (Lord Holland) alluded
to the high estimation enjoyed by the Republic of
Holland, principally Irons the refuge it affaided to
all fortiguers, and had recited the opibion of Sir
William Temple respecting the treatment ex-
I there by refugees ( France iii
the time of Henry IV. It could not be supposed
that this great Statesman, Sir Wilhans Temple,
with his English predilectimis, could have felt
any particular affection for Ilullaird, or fur the
enemies of I lenry IV. Ills opitsion was influenced
solely by ilia remarks upon the happy affects pro-
duced to the Republic by the safe as) lush it offered
to all foreigners in distress. The Noble Lords op-
posite had urged that this power was necessary fur
inailitaining the foreign relations of this comity ;
but it should nut be forgotten that in all past times
foreigners had been admitted from every part of the
world, aid yet the peace mid good understauding of
the country with other Powers were sieves eoditokered.
This country had once enjoyed the proud distioc-
Itiou of beiiig the only sisvluais fur persons fleeing
from persecution. The United States of America
now enjoyed that distinction; and much as he ad-
mired and esteemed the United State,. and confi-
dent as he felt that their prosperity was essential fur
maintaining that of threat ( llear)—
he should, however, envy them the enjoyment of
this proud distinction, mid the inotsupoly of the ad- '
vantages to be deduced hum it. %Visit respect to
the clause intended to be proposed by the Noble
Load, if it were to operate ism-pm:lively, he did
nut believe lie should make any opposition to it,'
but he never could consent to deprive sissy nob-
vidual of the property he had consigned ou the faith
of a solemn act of the Legislature.

The Earl of HARROWSY, iu support of the Bill,
recapitulated the arguments that hail been 11h-rad y
urged to favour of it. The Bill, he considei.d, WAS
calculated to secure the tranquillity of thus country,
by excluding suspected foreigners from seekiiig a►t
a►ylum its countries immediately iu the viciiiity of
Great Britain, where tl.ey might exercise their ta-
trut► iu disturbing the 'Alice and tranquillity of
this criusitry.
The House then divided, when there appeared—
Tor the House pine iuto Committee 34
Ageism( it

Majority
The !louse then rewired itbell ;Lau Cuwalittee
upon the 8011.
Lutsl Siouorru then proposed his clause for pre-

veutint aliens from availing theetelvis of the Act:
passed for regulating the Sank of Scotland, and
which naturalised foreigners iu Scotland by nivking
a deposit of money iu the hands of the Governors
of the Bank of Scotland.
lord LAIUDERDALV begged to hear this Act
alluded to, read by the dolt at their Lordship,'
table.

Lord Mst.vitt.s stated, that be knew such an
Act was now eiirolled iii the Record Office of Edin-
burgh, but could not then produce it.
Lord LAUDERDALE said, the Howie knit, no.
thing further of this Act, but by its preamble,
which was the only part of the Act of which the
House could be cognisant.

Earl Gant said, it would be too much to permit
this Act,. by one •weeping clause, to repeal ill the
privileges which alien• lord acquired by all prece-
dent Statutes for centuries past.
In reply to a question from Loril LAUDERDALE,
whether the Noble Lord (Melville), who, lie un-
derstood, was the O,vernor of the Bonk of Scotland,
stood there to give information to their Lordships
as Governor of the Scottish Bank, or :is a Peer of
Parliament ?

Lord NiEl.Vll.l.lt replied, that he offered the in.
formation alluded to as a Pert. of Parliament,
although lie ought lie conaitlerell at t party to the
interesh of the Bank of Scotland, Crum hit being a
Governor of the Irntok.

Lnr.l Ilort.asin reprobated the ilicoosistettcy of
the Noble Lord, so acting els au informer on this
occasion, lu the obvious prejudice of those whose
iisterests, both as a Peer of Parliament awl Go-
vernor of the Bank of Scotland, lie was inure parti-
entail). called upon to .alvocate end protect. But
he had iiiifortutiately been bewildered between the
vioiety of duties lie had to peat to his country,
and those lie must effi,sially fulfil towards his col-
leagues in office. Hence lie was discovered actually
*acting in the capac.ty of the jauntier to his col-
le goes, as to the propriety of mitering the old-
established custom mid statute law of Scuilaiiil,
inertly to give a more general effect to the Act now
before the Cusuguittee.
The Earl of Li•eepoot. stated his extreme sur-
prise at finding any objection to a clause which only
provided that aliens should not obtain naturaliza-
tion, without applying for such a boon to Put hi.a-
uleaut, by availing themselves of 8 device which lie
knew certviii aliens had had recourse to, relotke to
the mode of naturalization, by purchasing shares an
the Bank of Scotism'. These objections inure 11/11
ticularly lost their force, because it was not intend-
ed to give to the clause a retrospective effect, except
fur a very few days indeed, computed with the term
prescribed by former similar Acts.
Kul Glue- was the more surprised at the ob-
jection of the Noble Eail to admit aliens to all
the privileged of British subjects, uptin constita-
tiotial grounds, when the !louse must recollect
that there had been two statutes passed for grant-
ing aliens the privileges of naturalization withito the
last century—first to sailors serving two years iti
the British navy; and secondly, to foreign settlers
residing seven years in our American
The Noble Earl had stated that a device had 'Well
resorted to in purchasing these sitars in the Scotch
Bank, but no proofs hail been exhibited to the House
of such an artifice having been resorted t&. A +strong
objection to the Bill was to be found iii its retro-
epective character, by which persons who had em-
barked in speculations as to Batik shares, or even
by purchases of lands, during the period hetweeii
the passing of the Act and the period to which it
retrospectively referred, were rendered incapable of
possessing such Owes, lands, or estates, mid the
property rendered halite to confiscation.—( Ileor.)
—The clause was then read, and sgreed to.

Lord LAUDERDALE proposed as un amendment,
that the operation of the Bill 'lipoid be limited to
our year, which was negatived without a division.
Lord CAENARVON proposed an amendment, ex-
cepting from the operations of this Act, such alien
persons as had been domiciliatril here before the
late war, or resident and doiniciliatrd here daring
five years isrevious to the passing of this Act.—Thus
anseinlment was also negatived.
The LORD CHANCELLOR then moved * clause
for rentlernig to the pew/linens of this Act
sod) aliens as bad purchased shares in the Bank of
Scotland since the '2Bth of April. 1818. This
clause lie con►idered the parties alluded to entitled
to in coinnion justice. The '2Bth day of April bring
that day uu which notice had been given in Parlia-
ment of the intention of the Administration to intro-
duce the present Bill, thus affecting their deniiatiou.
After a few words front Lord Realesdale, Lord
Lauderdale, Lord Melville, arid Lord Itosslyit
The Marquis of LANIDOWN ved as an emend.
ment, that the words " 2811. of April" be omitted,
mid the worsts " from and after the passing of the
Bill" be substituted.

Their Lordships then proceeded to a disjoint.).
al►e►► there appealed for the amendment of the No-
ble Marquis— _ _

Aye.
Nuts

Majority spinet the Amendment.. 20

The clause of the Lurd Chancellor was then car-
ried.

On our re-admission, we found Lord GAGE mov-
ing a clause, enacting that a mouth's notice should
be givesi to every alien, in order to afford ass oppor-
tunity for inquiring into Isis character, before he
was sent out of the country—and also providing
that the alien should be sent to such port as he lnm.
self pleased to aaa i t sate—and, if a ship were not
in readiness to proceed to such port, that lie should
remain in custody until a vessel was provided. Ou
this clause. the Committee divided—

GM.. nil 44
owtouteasts 4S

Majority &pima Lb. Clamor tt

On reading the title of the Bill—
The Earl of LAUDERDALE opposed it, as not
being► of a sufficiently comprehensive nature—and,
after a few üb,ervations from Lord SIDIIOUTH.
Lord HOLLAND. and the Earl of LIVERPOOL. a
verbal alteration. moved by Lord Stossowni, was
agreed to.
The Earl of I..suDERDALL hoped the Bill would
be printed.
Viscount SIDNOUTH mid. that. when the House
had resumed. he would give notice. that ceilings
standing orders of the House be suapeuded to•
morrow, iu order that the Report might be received

N \ •
' -3,41 V •
NJA 4 4.05 ‘. •X.

•on that day, and the Bill read the third time. ILs
Lordship afterwards gave notice accordingly.
LordLotttrio expressed himself strongly
against this proceeding, winch was must unconsti-
tutional. In the course of * few hours, the Noble
Lords opposite would. by this 'courser establish a
measure, which evidently interfered with the private
property of individuals.
The Earl of Livripoor. denied that the Bill in-
terfered with the property of airy person. With re-
spect to 'the stispeuding of the standing orders,
their Lordships must be aware that that was riot
a circurostince of rare occurrence. Whets Noble
Lords inveighed against the haste of tins proceed-
ing, They 'should reeolleet that the measure had
been adtually retarded in order to accommodate
sortie of them.
The Marquis of Latisbown said. that no case
ever occurred in which it was more necessary to ad-
here to the standing orders, than the present.
The Earl of Laticscroit.tt strenuously argued, that this
Rill evidently interfered with the funded property of indivi-
dusii—sisd, in such a case, their stardust orders, which were
intended to further the ends of substantial justice, sired
not to be dispensed with. By this precipitancy the people
of Scotland would he prevented Gum tasting, by petition,
their sentiments wills respect to this Rill.
Viscount SIDNOUTII couceiceil, that as every part or the
Bill had been fully discussed by deer Lurdstripa, sir recto-
sity existed fur (nether delay
The Earl of Ruultxtt experased himself hostile to tbe
suspension of the standing orders.
The Nliorpos of lArsolowie 'looked, whether any &when-
tie accoutit squalid of ilw her of foreigners who had
purchased stock in the Ihiiik of scotiand?
Viscount MEr.vit.l.6 said, lie was perfectly aware that
foreigners had purchases' stuck of she description alluded
to, but he bad 110 authentic &stonier*, relative to it.
The Marquis of Larsnows !lien Moved, •' for as aecoupt
of all stock purchase] by foreigners, in the Bank of Scot-
laud, since the 211th. of April
After a few words from Viscount Met.vo..t.c, the motion
was agreed to.
Viscount Strmotrot's notice for die consideration or the
propriety of surpembug the standing orders lu-istOirow, was
nut withdrawn.
EDUCATION OF THE POOR BILL
The Earl of Rossi:lir cube, and staled• that lie felt it to he
his duty to propose, that the Report of this Bill be farther
considered, iu order to imbmit certain Altera! ~,, s, which, he
conceived, were necessary to the just operation of the sues-
sure.
The Report was accordingly reconsidered—and the Noble
Earl proposed his soneoduteuts—whieh, with souse modifica-
tions, were acres a to.
The toms 01.4Ni:tuna said. in his opinion the Rill was
very b improved slice it had come fs um the C
although souse persons, without duly considering the bob-
ject, spite:and to think otherwise. Ni. Peer, he wow
particularly au iinhvidual situated as lie was, had a lieu*
mote what passed elsewhere, especially as it was is, difficult
to come at a collect account of prorerilmes welt of doors.
omethiu,7, lead, however, occurred on this subjetl, it. another
place, nu which I.e wished to say a few violas. Ile could
but separate from their lairsibliips, that nicht, without ob-
Iseeing, that, having cisiosislered all that was done with re-
spect to this Rill, his eundwct had out liven treated, us far as
lie could judge, from what he had rend, with that justice
slid in ups let!, which it deseiced.—; Mar, hear, hear.)—
Ile was in the judgment of ilnoe who hail kiln. is Min bung,
and who could decide 0111 the Huth of this obseavatitm,—
/fear, Atar.)—The attack, however, to which be alluded,
should nut operate WI him to diminish the rts;v•ct, civility,
and attention lie had always sliewn 11.•To4tr of
liament, to every Gentleman, and especially to the Geutk-
men of lii, own professium—lllear,hear.)
The Ketant was ordertd ill be receives'ln-morrow.
Mr. G. V. Edwardes presented the 15th Report of the
Corronissiouers fur the Calvjouiau Canal.—Laid tau the

Adjuuraeil at ONE o'Clorx.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, MONDAY, Jules 1.

The House was summoned to attend in the House of
lambs, to bear the Royal Aaarnt given by Commission to
&treat public Bills —,-tor Osiris see Me Lords' h'sporri
The Report of the Cueunsisai tttt era of Raukrupta Solaria II
tilit W 36 brought up and agrectl to.
Mr. J. SMITH brought in the Bill fur amending the Bank-
rupt Laws, whirl, wits rerd a first time, auil ordered to be
read a second time to- row, after some caplauatory re-
mark. front thr lion. hirratbrr.

The Lords' Report uu the Puor's Laws was ordered to he
printed.
The Howse went into a Committee upon the *object of the
Irish Fisheries, and leave was given to Mr. Puri In bring iu a
Bill, pursuant to the Residutunis therein adopted.
Mr. PIIKL then Iwinicht in the Bill, which was read a first
and second time, and in dried to be committed to-morrow.
alr. CALCRiVT brought up the Report of the Cuuiniittec
upon the S4ll Duties, which was ordered to b• printed.
Mr. P►►'s. brought in • Bin to amend the inactive of the
Court of Chancery in Ireland.—Read a first, sod urdet ed to
be read a second time to nun row. _ _ _

Mr. Peel- also mewed for au account of the Imports and
Exports of Irelao 1, for the last year, concluding the sth of
January, 1818, which was agreed to.
Mr. Alderman WOOD pm:ruled the Petition and remit-
'trance of the Inlishiptiiis of ‘Yestutinster, praying fur uni-
versal fiefdom by the institution of annual Pai 'Moulds and
general laid on the table, null ordered
to be printed on the motion of the worthy Alibi man. lie
also presented the Report of the Committee appointed to
empire into the dale of !Visite Cross-street Pn►un, and
the City Prison. He observed that the Committee having
visited the Poisons iu question, had !Mimi that mossy im-
provements and alterations were nece►sary ; the Report,
however, was not so complete as could have been vislird, but
be hoped the labours of this C time would be revived
as soon as possible in the nest Session of Parliament —I he
Repoli was den ordered to be printed.

\
—•
The Stetaxen baying concurreil t.;th the lien.
Menthe'', as to the formal mode of pricteding i •
such carts—
Lord LAIR:ELLE! took that opport mitt y 41( avaa.
log his intention to support the Bill as at ialt!st...l
formed, expressly oti the ground to which the
Hon. Member had stated Isis objeetiou. The pro-
visions of the Bill objected to, obviously tended t.
protect the articles of superior niaaufactute, amid to
such protection they were very properly cut:tied.
Mr. Fouuts should regret as touch as :Loy
that a necessity for a distinction prejudicial to tive
description of manufacturers should exist ; hot
certainly behoved the supporters of the exciosi it
protection to one branch of the trade, most t•11/11-
factorily to make out a case in favour of the pre-
tension's of the manufacturers of wrought steel.
Lord LAscELLES and Mr. WHARTON yxplaineii.
The Bill was then read the third time.
Mr. WHARTON theu moved a verbal amendment.
which, after some discussion, was withdrawn.
Upon another amendment of the Hon. Mtitiber.
for leaving out the words describing the aitic44
manufactured nut of cast steel, as of inferitir
quality." the Gallery was cleared for a divisiot..
On our re-admission, we understood that no
vision had taken place, and that the ameudineht
had been lost without a division.
The Bill then passed.
SLAVE TRADE.
Lord CASTLEREAGH. presented to the Home 'lye
Treaty concluded between his Britannic Majesty
and the King of the Netherlands, with a slew to
render more efltctual the stipulations made with
other countries fur abulishinf the Slave Trade.—
Although the terms of thislreaty would be foutid
to be some.% hat wore accurate and strictly circum-
scribed than those of the Treaties concluded with
Spain and Portugal, yet he had every reason to
believe the House could not perceive any dispo-
sition on the part of his Majesty's Goveretnent to
contract or narrow the beneficial opeiatiun of the sti-
pulations already entered into upon thissohject. He
was happy to say, the King of the Netherland,
had hereby aelttiowledged, in the ftllest manner,
the systein of a reciprocal right of search, to effect
the objects of th-..! Treaty. It had been considered
unnecessary to insert in this Treaty the European
seas, as no slave vessels of course could be expect-
ed to he found its these seas. Vessels in the Medi-
terranean seas had been exempted from right of
search, for obvious reasons, as the system of slavery
WAS UllfUrtUll:ltCly too well known in various coot,-
tries Oil it. :limes. A misapprehension had gout
abroad, that no reciprocity in the right of search
could be established between two States, having as
inalitorte force employed in the search.
The übjt-t:tion had been obviated by only authoris-
ing twelve cystitis of the navy of either country to
si arch the vessels of either of the contracting par-
ties ; and it would accordingly be 'whin d to tacit
of the Cloveriiiiieots contracting, what puiticolor
vessels were appointed upon dos service. Toe
Noble Lord concluded with congratulating the
llouse upon the accession of so cousiderab'e a
Power as that of the Netherlands in the great ob-
ject of the abolition of this most disgraceful trdefii.
Mr. WM. SMITH felt happy at hurtling that t. c
King of the Netherlauds had mirrored to the bene-
volent pirject of this country mid her allies, toe/
hoped cue long the limitation with respect to pie.
vileged slavery on the coasts of the Mediterratieau
would be rendered utuircessary.—The Tuesty was
then ordered to lie on the table and be priiited.
CASE OF DON DIEGO DE CORIEIJA.

Lott AJOBPETri ',vegetated the l'etstion of Doll
tDheieigtoo ud,eot.i'.uutris
the uS
Ring of Spain to hi+ d •nu-
Mutts had felt it necessary to fly front Spain, owing to
Isis popular principles during the l•reeediog
heti )))) , and tale refuge in the fortress of 6.braltiir.
together with sotue other Spanish Gentlemen, four
in number, who hail espoused 'dollar politics.
On his art ival there, in consequence via notification
from the Consul of this comm.) at Cadiz, to the then
Governor of Gibraltar. they were seized aid dr;i-
vered up to the Spanish Authorities. But upon
the affair being known in Efiglinal, oral Pitultatutot
inteting so easily in 1814, as November, n motion
relative to their case was made in the House for
the production of the letter of Lord Bathurst, alai
other papers relative thereto. Ailininistraiiimi ad-
mitted it was their determination to demand this
gentleman, amongst others, at the hands of the
Spanish Covenantor. and it war then admitted dna
the conduct of our Consul and Governor had been
unauthorised. The Petitioner having since breu
affected with ill health, and wishing to go abroad.
Ile had applied fur a passport to his own Ambassador.
preparatory to making au application to any other
quarter, of a similar nature. To the request
for a passport, the Spanish Charge d'Affairi re-
fused Isis claim or right, as a Spanish subject. to
demand a passport, having forfeited his right as e
Spanish subject, by plocing himself under the
pride' tion of the British Government. Ile mai,
now insist unpleasantly circumstanced, and kegs,
although in ill health, in this country, against hi.
inclination and interest, and at a considerable and
iiicouvessient expense. The Petition concluded
with praying relief generally.
Lard CASTLEREAGH apprehended the prayer of
51. 1)e Cosrija, implying pecuniary relief, eat,
such that it could nut be granted without the inter-
position or the Crown, aid saw I.ollong in this case
which b !multi entitle the Petitioner to an extetniens
of the beiteliceisce of either the House or the Crown.
xty_ tom
Ile was arrested on being found to have esi t d
the garrison of Gibealtar iu a disguised name. Ile
was there taken, and ut last, though an error of the
lisitidt COMlllandant, surrendered up to the Spa-
nish Authorities., who claimed linn. M. de Coreiji,
em the application of the British Government. is .s
again replaced within our protection, sod at lss
owls desire permitted to collie to England, at the
same time reccusiug the necessary expenses he was
liable to be put to, owing to his original detention
by a British officer. Ili* expeuses to Eni,land were
paid; but lie was distinctly apprised that be was
taut to CEpret soy further assistance of this kiwi.
All, therefore, that be could fairly want was gives,
to him, alai though he (Lind C.) had no wish +o
hurt the feelings of any individual, yet he must be
permitted to say, that the conduct of NI. de Cuteijo
previous to his arrest, gave IMO uo 11411141 for the
friendly laces of skis country. 01 that, hustever.
he would say nothing, but would confine himself
to the nuirle fact, tLat the Gusartiu.ent had eff.e..
