privilege to choose her own partner, gave her hand
to the Noble &forgot,, and the ger and Pittance
with which lie &heed *eve
LA

- ":"•.71
OM MAIL.
Tfilsolc".ocitossa
, .Tbe sittirigi of the Cenci proceed in-their moil
Inniquil course. Their discussions. besides the de-
bates en the.•rtiekro of -the Constitution io sneers-

lion, which ore continued (collide), to day, relating
11 chiefly to mitten, of local -interest and internal re-
gulstion. •
iu the .sitting of the gth, the Miuistet of the
slWar‘tile,".lif his Majesty's orders, sent a• letter fVoin,
the:Prince Royal, dated the 17111 of July, who, in
a eirritiristantial detail which he giyes. of the state.
•of the Province of Rio de Jinseiro, says that it is
is peace and tranquillity ; he give no account
of all the expenses of the preceding year. skew-
ing that they amounted to above twenty millions
of crtizados ; that the estimate• for this year was•
.fourteen minim's, and -as the' province pro.:
%lefts but, six, eight were wanting, which he
'deeil 'trot know where to procure, as the other
•eopilanins will not send any thing—that the King's
royal volunteers were g 6 mouths iu arreur of their
pay—that at Sr. Paulo a Junta was created to
which the people gave the attributes of Governor,
and that they would soon send a deputation to com-
pliment him, and that in all this effdir great service
, had been done by the Judge Jose Bouifacio d'Au-
drade—that the troop; of Santos had made a
kind of mutiny, dematitliug their pay, and not
obtaining it, weut to the house of a rich per-
son, and paid themselves. After some other ob-
servations, lila Royal Highness begs that his
' letter may be laid before the Cortes, that they.
in concert with his Majesty, may adopt such
measures as the state of Brazil impetiously de-
insnds; he -observed Chit he reniiiined et Rio as
Prince 'Regent, and that in fact he ii uu more than
Captain-Getiend of u Province, as the others do
not correspond with it, or afford it any assistance
whatever, all winch is not honourable, either to the
King or to the heir to the Crown.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs gave copies
of the correspondence between liiMself and the
British Charge d'Affaires on the remonstrances of
the latter against the increase of duties on some ar-
ticles: it was resolved, after some observations, to
refer it to the Committee of Treaties,' after whose
opinion some measuies might be adopted.
_

In the sitting of the 11th October, the President
cainmunicated a letter. from the Minister of ins-
tier, stating the King was leech satisfied with the
Decree of the Conies 4)1" p9th Scitember, resolving
that the Prince Royal *Weld trivet through Spaini
France, and England, which his Itftojeirry considers
to be a very wise measure, likely to produce great
advantages from the practical knowledge of the ef-
fects of a constitutional system, which Ins Royal
Highness mum fail to acquire.
On the 13th the Dreier in .questioir was pub-
li►heJ, ordering that Ilia Royal Highness the Prince
Royal shall return to Portugal as soon as possible,
anti that immediately on his arrival he shall set omit
to visit incognito the Courts and kingdoms of Spain,
yrance,aakEnglanc, accompanied by persons of
enlightened minds and attached to the constitu.
tiOnil.system, whoM the King will be pleased to
appoint. The project mentioued in a preceding
sitting by M. Riberio Telles, to encourage internal
commerce, by laying heavy dub. s on some foieign
goods, and wholly prohibiting others, some alte-
rations had been made, but the principles were
adopted, and it was resolved that a new Tariff
should be published, and be in force in three
months.

Among other important matters lately brought
forward, was a.question put to the Minister of Fl-
orence, respecting the cause of the depreciation of the
paper currency. The Minister delivered, on the
I I th, • memorial ou the subject.
For some days past the prisons of the Inquisition
have been thrown open to the public at Evora snit
Lisbon : the officers or guards being ordered to ex-
plain the uses of the several apartments, anti of the
instruments whirl' contra,,. 'Great numbers
of person, have been to view them.—(Lisbon Pa-
pers, October 18.)

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY, Ocaronsz 31, 1821.

1...

The LondonUtaxelte of last night state:, that
the KlNfl.3departure from Hanover was postponed
to the 29ili (Monday last). The public were
already in possession of this intelligence through
the foreign Popery.

• 777--- • • (...• • •
Lisbon Paper* to the 18th 14001 arrived yes-
terday at our Office. • in as "count of the pi°.
ceedings of the COrtes they Contionnkate an qb-
strict of a very interesting letter addressed to the
King of PORTUGAL by the PRANCE ROYAL, from
Rio de Jineiro. in Which his Royal Highness gives
a very circumstantial'acconnt of the rate of the
provii:er. At the time of the Knifes:return to his
European dominions, the Prittesfreleft at Rio
.by his Niajesty with the rank autho-
rity of Regent of the Brazth;..but his Royal
llighpess.nOtt4puess:liat feelingly complains that
• hie actual pswitideertiot mied that of Captain_

:.,;

General of a provisee, ae his authoritpla not. te•
:cognised by the the;piparanisee,
sequence of thie appiees restelatints upon their
part •to assert their iildivitioal *dependence, the
-financial measures of the generararasilian Govern.
meat had become exceedingly embassitssesl.
.The
Prince therefore desires the amiebtatte4lbe Cortes
iothis emergency ; but this esamhly,„ if it hod
been aware of his aittiaC4it:;:asteCbiiiir felt with In.
Royal Highness that t emi" not hooonmble either
to the' King or to the Heir to the Crown,!! had al-
ready resoliedlo relieve the Prince from his'
sonul embarrassments, fur on the e9th'of Sepka-
ber it had decreed that .the Prince should returp 11
-to Europe, and undertake a tour through Cheat'
Britain, France, and Spain, for the purpose of VI
tenting, by en intimate observance of their•several
formi'Of"governmenr, a practical knowledge of the
'effects of a constitutional system. It is probable
that"ilthough. the Prince's letter was not officially
notified to the Cortes until the gilt of October, the
• purport of its contents, or at least the irksomeness
`of his situation, had been communicated privately
to the members previotisia-the29th of September,
so that the decree fur his.reesl, while. it afforded
his Royal Hightreis the most -effectual
• might not seem to be dictated by • view of the un-
satisfactory state of the provinces.
The Decree, so fur as it relates to the employ.
meat of the Prince's time fo; a few years, is highly
judicious. and the KING accordingly cies it his
entire approbation. The world offers the wisest as'
well as the most extensive book of kitowledge to
Which a l'rince, the future Sovereign of his country,
can refer, and in this book 110 pages are more
fraught with useful lore than those 'winch have been
selected for his study. It is not,'indred,. to be-ex-
pected that the Prince will, by visiting England,
France, and Spain, acquire a more perfect know-
ledge of the modes in which the respective roman(
government operate, than he might obtain by the
judicious study of books at home ; but his inikni
must be enlarged by the necessity of observation,
which even novelty will force upon him, and still
more by the intercourse which he must enjoy with
those men who in the most enlightened countries
are the most versed in the science and practice of
government. He will have an opportbnity of
studying at least "the forms ~f the several Consti-
tutions, and of witnessing the action of each
system respectively in its external appearances ; and
if the principle which actuates the burly he hot in
every instance made apPireik to. his tinder-standing,
lie cannot fail of collecting its proper character and
probable influence upon the' destinies of mankind,
by seeing in each country the practical effects of its

peculiar form of governineur:
There seems; happily, to prevail between the
King and the Cortes of Portugal a very good under-
s4B'l(l'4, and an appearance of mutual confidence,
which augurs well for the general .prosperity of the
State. IWhile such a feeling- subsists the country

cannot Lit of receiving brnettts, from any
form of constitution, because evil, mind will be
exerted—not in fruitless trial's of atrein.,•th, or in
dangerous intrigues to counteract the mischief of
ambition or jealousy—but in devising and caeca-

ting what may seen► to all to be Most serviceable to
the Stitt. Such, unfortunately, is not the case slit!'
Spain, where the Courtiers awl Aloriks, culling
themselves the King's friends; have excited such a
jealousy of their conduct, and even of the King's
intentions, that the utmost firmness of the Cartes
will 'be letpiired to save the country from the effects
of party violence. In such a state of political ex-
citation, the natural vices of the Constitution re-
quire only an increase of ambition in the King,
or of jealousy in the Corte•, to he brought out oral
made prominent ; but in Portugal.they seem likely
to remain dormant, and, from the different politi-
cal' circumstances of the two coutitriers it might
happen that a form of government would be highly
profitable to Portugal, which fur Spain would be
fraught with evils of the worst and most appalling
character. The great evil in; the Constitution of
both countlies is, that there is no ba!ancing power

between the King and the Cortes—a power which,
like our House of Lords, might interpose bet wren
the ambition of the one, and the occasional intem-
perance of the, other, and which has, in fact, on
some great and memorable occasions of English
history, saved the Constitution Jour country, and
reieued us by its silent, though necessary operat no,
from the prebent effects of civil dissetitions, and
the eventual misery of arbitrary power.
la these Lisbon Papers one citeurnstonce is staled
which of itself alone is sufficient to establish the
claim of the Revolutionists in Portugal to the ut-
most gratitude of every friend to hummitY. We
are told that " Fur some days past the prisons of the
Inquisition had been thrown open to the public at
Evora and Lisbon, and thst the officers or guards
had been ordered to explain to the people the uses
of the several aportments, soil of the instruments
which they contain." I'Vhci that re Elects upon the
" uses ofi these apartments" aid of the instruments
of torture therein contained—that but a few months
ago these prisons were the dreary abodes of misery—
the most awful and terrific of which human nature
was susceptible, and that now they are merely visit-
ed us objects of curiosity, will venture to deny that
the revolution in Portur,s, 0, and also in Spain, was u
signal blessing conferred upon mankind. We
can imagine the half:doubting, timid curiosity, with
which the Poittigueie now gaze upon objects which

‘ ''-

14,
so lately excited in the stoutest hearts sentiments
unequivadismay eal and horror. Their Ile'.
enemies have withdrawn, and they come out with a 111111;
still uncertain consciousness of safety, to vievi ihe •
fortresses and lines which so recently threatened
Olean with destruction :

Pasdnator porta, javat ire et Dories tales
iUnwssss video locos, Ito isscir•Klictata.
-This-trionsish cannot •be too highly prized; it pre-
ients • fioiitire good, which far outweighs in every
-humane and candid mind the thousand possible and
contingent evils which may at borne future period
result from the.new-born freedom .1. the Peninsula.
They pry much too cautiously iutri futurity who
would compel mankind to stay the march of' isti.
movement upon certain defined boundaries of igoo-
ranee or slavery, solely because their timid fancies
can raise at some immeasurable distance the spec-
tres of unknown but possible evils which are to fee
encountered if the magic bcundirries are pissed.
To such persons nothing is so tremendous as truth
and liberty, and they will put in motion every 'art
to deter the world from the pursuit of them. Eu-
rope has, however, within a compiratively shoot
space of time, made mighty strides toward, their at-
sailiment, arid there is no tear that the exertions of
Spain arid Portugal will eventually be port or tt-
.trvaltreti throUgh any rffurla of the few in this or
ally other country who are interested in. throwing
discredit upon the character of the revolutions
which have been achieved throughout the Penni-
saki.

The Paris Payers of S.illtrday have urnive(l. The
following ore extract.:—

PARIS, cu.:Tout:9 27.
Yesterday. after MaS., the Bing gave a private
audience to the Alargrisviiie of A iispech.
the 25th a courier arrived from the Marquis
of I,undonderrv. with dispatches fur Sir Charles
Silvan, the Eoglath Arohavtiador, itr which it' is'an-
',minced that theKiok.of England will oat visit
Paris. His Majesty masa indisposed on the 19th,
but reciivered.on the 2.644 iliadepartore alas used
fur the 24th ur 2311 N- laic Majesty will. pm-red di-
rect to Loudon. •

A coils ir r extraordinary set °tit last night from
the Office for Foreign Atfurs for• St. PFlershurgh,

A Journal announces, Wet M. Seb4atiets Botellki
is appointed to he theiketugliese Allimiter at Pons,

in room of the Marquii de illanafvu: ,
Accounts from Marseilles. of the 40th,, say—
" "I•ltete is no longer nor talk of disease in our
!unity ebtabilihnlelllll,. ppprehein.iotis are
forgotten. • flowerer, prtidence requitu that wen-
sures of precaution should not be 11.11c...tut). The
rumour is renewed of "the construction of a Iszaietto
in the island of Itatonneati."

French Funds.—Five per Cent. Coma', 89fr.
80v.—Bunk Stock, 1,592 fr.

Dispatches were oo Sunday forwarded to Hann.
ver, containing, it is understood, the opinion of
the Council upon the dispatches winch attired ou
Sitturtlay, communicating the privies/lora of the
conference on the 2lvt, batirern the Marquif of
LONDONDERRY and Prince METTERNICH. •

It If Stilt, that the Marquis of LoNDosimay
does not tritons with his MAJESTY to thsaetruotry4
but will rrroutn for aome-tittie looser upon the Cnir.
tinrut.

Extract of a letter from Quebec, dated Septem-
ber 16 :—.4 On the loth of January Captain DAT-
MLIv D sailed from the coast of Neafouwdl■od, and
in the evening encountered several floating islands
of ice. On the following morning, at sun-rne, the
►hip was so completely enveloped in ice that there
appeared no means of escape, even from the tops
of the masts. The ice, in its whole extent, rose
about fourteen feet above the surface of the weer;
it drifted towards the south-east, and bore the ship
along with it twenty-nine successive days. On the
I7th of February, Captain D. being 300 miler
east of Cape Place, in lat. 44. 37. N. 1:0., per-
ceived ail opening to the south-east, and succeeded
in disengsgine,hitnielf. From the 29th of January,
to the 3il ceFebruary, the brig unty made four
miles a day ; and doting the 20 days this singular
navigation lasted, lie descried near 100 very exten-
sive mountains of compact ice."

A general. meeting of the Guildry Incorporation
of Perth was held 011 the 6:11 iiistftio, when a vote
of thanks was unanimously voted to JOSEPH flume,
Esq. M.P. fur his indefatigable and meritorious
conduct in the Route of Commons. Mr. Flusts:,
after returning his acknowledgments for the respect
slvewn I$ i $ makes the following observation :
" The present self-electing royal burgh sjstrtu is
cf that nature, containing iii itself the seeds of mis-
rule and injustice, and I have only been acting a
consistent part in my continued exertions to have it
abolished, and the choice of the Connelly given to
the people. whose rights and interest:6 they have to
watch over."

By a Treasury minute, wines and spirits are al-
lowed to be warehoused •t Swansea.

We understand that Government has it in con.
templation to lay a duty ou 10C11111.1.1440.9. Autho-
rised persons have been here this week to take ac-
count of the tonnage and iguasen:r'ero of those that
are employed on the river.—(//a// Paper.)
We understand that the gentlemen w hn have
taken the lead in the preliminaries to a coloviltras-
tion of the present Corn Laws, are seorible fist the
cause of the low prices of agricultural produce is
to be traced to those measures of the Bintk whijh
were enforced by the resumption of a metallic cur-
rency-.that their object is to snake the introduc-
tion of foreign grain less depressing to the farmer,
and its obstruction less detrimental to the manufac-
turer ; but that no petition fur a scale of protect-
ing duties higher than those involved in the present
contingent prohibition is contemplated by the land-
holders of the county of Renfrew, who have been
most active in bringing this difficult and important
question of political economy antler the consideta-
Lon of a public meeting,—(Glasgoso ('hl-Melt.)

VA, • s, AlO--ier
f telitWiSF„tlf /Avilf4r ,
.e4*-4tB.
_
Z_T trgio t‘,4

FASHIONABLE MVENENTS.

The Duke of Devonshire left tows on Saturday 134 t fir
Paris' where hie Grace iatends to reside six w4.eki4.
ILryrd and Lady Grantham are swrivedi at thew house
St. Jaines'a 'quay., preparatory lu her Ladyship's ac-
COUCIICIRCIII,.IibIdi is shortly expeeir4.
The Marquis sail Marel ea. of Buckingham and rad
Temple are arrived at their seat, Arial/tau, Haut., fium,
Stone Bucks.

The Marquis ud Marchioness of Sallslsnry are ars iced lit
town fora fen days from thea mai, Hatfield.
. _ . . .

Lord Carrington has left town on a visit to the Eau: of
E.s x, at hits seat, carldobttry Park, Hcrta.
The Earl and Countess of lileonitan are arrived at tlo .;
house in St. Janses'e.sqoare from a tour.

Lord and Ludy Crmehorn are arrived is town, preparatoi
to her Ladyship's accouehement.
air Charles Paso, Bart. left Warren's Hotel, Rego,:.
street, yesterday gemming, fur Postgamelb.
Lady Blear! left her fathers*, the Berl of Herilwielg.'l
home, in St. Jainee's•aquare, yesterday morning, for Pei.:
Sir Thomas Hammond, Bart. has lift town for his torn',
Plunepton, near Bury St. E..engind's
Lord St. Helene is arrived at his hour in Duerr atrrr.•
from a Mar.

W. Dawson, Esq. has itre town for his seat, St. Le
Dill, It, k..
340.1.1,111 y luts left town fur Southimptue.
Lord Ellen4ortutiels bas left lows, fur Lord Mee 41-1.,
1N%u!,n1.1, Sloeklutl.
. . .

Hwrry Founeresti, Esq is arrived at his house in Wimpuic-
stirri, is a tour.
The Earl of Cardigan has left town for his seat, Dean
Pa. k, Nurthamptunshire.

Depart...es from Hodgson'. Hotel, Durer-sirret :—R..e.
Demo Hawkoos and Mrs. Hawkius fur Dublin g alu lt. t.
H &go for his seat in Hauls.

DOVER, OCTOBER 27.
-....-

at, slid Departures from, the Voris
Hottl

His Eweßeaty the Coital and Countess lirorminliir,lll4
Excellency Crawl Simon Worunzerw, family, sad Waite ; Lord
Herbert Stewart, George Jappa, Esq., Lind Harvey; Mr. and
We. hawed Scott, Ibe Hon. Mrs. Lisle'and suite, Lard
Disilley Stewart mid suite, Rev. Mr. Plumlike, Lord aid
Lady Blridattio and Jude, Mr. and Mrs. Searlett and (manly,
Lord Molyuens, the Rev. Mr. liaison, Robert Wylie, EN.
Me. suit Mr.. Hesse awl Alexander, Esq , aid
the Plisces Hawkey, Ford Bowes, Esq., Mrs. Hume Purvis,
sad Miss Parris, the Right Hon. Earl of 'Stair and sadr,
Mr. and Mrs. Barnard and family, Mr. arid Lady Grordiasa
Gresirell, Mr. Slid Mrs. Plasselibiityk, Mr. Mr.. and Miss
Mainly, the Marchioness of Bourbell, Dowager Countess
Wiiitt mon, Mr. and Mrs. Tumour, Mum Richardson, Mise
Armstrong, Brook Hasuiltun Gill, Esq., the Lsilirs.Leslie,
Lady Burgoyne and suite, Mr. Dixon and Lady Bolyton.
Sir Edward and Laity Elizabeth Baker, the Marquis and
Nlarchioness of Dawushire and suite, WillianiMules,
sail Lady Pilkineton, Mrs Wilford, General Sir Edward
Sheldon!, Sir Robert Williams, Burt., Major. [Ambito. I.sr/y
Maliiimbary soil suite, Lord Ellenhorionyb and midi, die Earl
and Countess of Sefton, family, and suite ; Laity Lasrlii,
Lady Boyer and danyhter, the Rev. Mr. liviasimi, Mr. and
Mrs. Broaylie, Lady Bodies, suite, and family.; Arthur
Thellndin, Esq., Sir Charles cud Lady Argil awl suite
Charles Delves Broughton, Eiq, Sir Francis anil Laity Risk.,
Mr. idol the Misses Atiarslry, Mr. and Mr.. Busaargait, the
Count and Countess Wriderholl,toril Arthur Hill Lord
Dulup and Brother, the How Zs. Darner, Lori( Truer,
Dr. Brabant, Lard Cummins's, the Luhrs H and E. Berrien,
Lord Purchrster and sidle, Mr. and Mrs. Fothrriagbara,•Or;
and Mrs. Marlow, the Him. Captain and Mr.. Cast, Count
said Countess Sibiditte, the Countess Newburgh:Slim Tyke,
Mr. and Mrs. Barclay, Mr. awl Mrs. Hdobest, Mr. sea ph&
Martin, Mr. and Mrs. Leuiliall, Mr. and Mac Lauren,
Mr. sod Mrs. Banbury Leigh, Handley,
Campbell, Esq., -- Samuel, Erg., Mon isige,
Mr. and Mrs. Haraiiie, Talbot, Esq. Mr. Mid' Mrs.
Ride.,. Mr. and Mrs. Bytes, Algernon Got-Mlle. Esq., M'r,.
IValtiod and family, Mr. Dodd; Mr. Currie, Mr. sad Wm
Sinelnary, Mr Buchanan, Mr. Fuller, F. Barker Webb.'
Esq.. Mr. awl Mrs. Greed's.. Mr. Jewett, Mr. and Mrs.
TW-
man, Mrs. Plummer and family, Mr. and Mrs. Poor, Colour
and Mrs. Caimpldlt, 'Mr. aid Mrs. Peale's', Mr. sail Mrs.
Campion, Captain and Mrs. Davison, Mr. Armstrong, John
Moore, Esq. Mrs. Kiiirirlaits aid Sou, Mr. and Mrs. Vere,
the Fitzpatrick, Vernon Smith, Esq , Colonel and
Mrs. Money, -- &ruche, Esq. and Sun, Congreer,
Esq., Mrs. Shipley, Dr. and Mrs Outram, G. liessthrlt, Esq,
F. Whitmore, Esq, .1. Etched. &1.. W. Whit rimer, Esq.,
Beirkenbury, Esq, Mrs. and MISS Gr4lVril and suite,
Colonel Sir James Hope, Mr... pod Mrs {Vim L. Mrs. Bir-
mingham, Lady Buyer and daughter, and -- Woudhuru,
Esq.

..-

. .
The street is trout of the spoteseuts of OLtet,
Priocess of CoOsherladd, iwthe rostra a corner of
Fleet-marker, at the bottom of Ludgate-hill, was
crowded doting the whole of yesterday with speCia.-
tors, anxious to eatelist glimpse of the fair captive.
11. r •ul-diseal Royal 'higher:is occasionally- ap-
peared at the window to gratify their loyal catioriy.
A vast number of high-bred hours and hood.'
!wire. are about to least this country fthlr
purchased by an agent of the King of Milani-
UERG.

A loin of miltion. was °tithe table, and:a Gentle-
man look the cervinz knife in hand, and (41(1...
" 5i..11 I cot it saddieteieer'—" You had Iwt,er
cut it bridleteise," said soother of the cansponp
for then we shall all stand a chauteaf ketihig
bit in our mamas."

Sr. JAMES'S DANK.--Monday morning twelve
labourer., in die etriviciy of the Ordnance Depart-
nient ut Woolwich, arrived in town with their fore-
man, Mr. IVI'DON A I.D, curd, according to °Meta,
proceeded to remove the large cannon called ti.e
Regeht's Bomb, from opposite the florae Guards to
the aput which was occupied by a ‘Vatesloo carriage
at the back of the Horne Office. Another carrion
and carriage are Oil their way to town from %Void-
wich, to take the place of the lie gent's Bomb, Mill
the Waterloo carriage will be retuoved nearer Spring
Gat den-grte.

The reversion of the beautiful and very valuab:••
property of flesteremeir, near tt iv town, was 50114
last %1Cl:k by order of the Court ot• Chaucerv, tthcu
Sir I'. IL LETHIRIDO6, Bart. 'VAS declared tl v
pterclia%er, st 31,000/., subject to the bolilioL.N
being opened at an 'advanced price, accordin; to
the rules of the Court. —(Trantois (ourier.)
A blind woman preached on Sunday aennit;:it
ut the ‘Vesleyan Meeting, in Exeter, and attracted
• large congregation.
On Monday se'nnight, while a Gentleman in
Wellington-stiusre, Ayr, was busied at Inv unto, I
pane of Oleos in the window near which he stood
was instantly shivered t• pieces, and a fine brosli
pheasant darting across the room struck violently
against the opposite wall, and fell stumod on the
fluor. It is supposed that a hawk bad been in
pursuit.
