GEItMAN PAPERS.

• Aluxicrr, MAT 0.
Ilia Majesty the King, who, since his accession to the throne,
has applied his attention, with unremitting antrum), to the &pies
of his Ociternnient, left the capital .to.day, accompanied by te,
blessings of all the faithful inhabitants, •ct e, joy, in a jnurney be,
vond the Alps, the relaxation which is so nc:cssaty to his hetit.
We understand we shall base the pleasure of seeing his Ma'
PT,
again about the middle of next month.
His Majesty the King of Wurtemburg returned on the
May to r.:tu,gard, from his excursion to Weimar. The of
witty
was to go on the 13th to Wiabaden, to spend soma days
am be,
aunt, the Princess of Wied Kunkel.

FILANKFOII T, MAT 9.
A rrisafe letter from Smyrna, of the 3d of April, givao,. following account of the intended attack on hir Hudson Lowe 7.
" Sir Hudson Lowe has been here for some days. The even,:
before yesterday he ran the rink of being usatrainated, or a i,Z, very ill treated, in his lodgings. A clerk in the office of the French
Legation had determined to revenge his former Emperor, and cat
this view forcibly entered the house ; but Sir Hudson Lowe was.,
h.it time on board the Cambrian frigate. This affair, tana,,,,,,"
has caused a great sensation : the clerk Las been arrested, one
Hopson Lowe has taken some soldiers from the frigate to Fa
him. Capt. Hamilton and the English Consul have complata.d to the Consul of Frune. The clerk, it seems, excuses himself it.
vying that he was intoxicated ; but it appears that he had b";
instigated by several other Frenchmen."
NURFMOURG, MAyll.
The failure 'of the house of Fries, at Vittina, is one of th greatest misfortunes of the kind that has occurred for a long t 4
at Vienna ; and the ruin is said to be so complete, that, aceardi,
to the latest accounts from the imperial capital. the effects do 4
promise the creditors above live per cent. One great hearse ii reported to have lost above a million of florins by this (Cur; which does not seem improbable, when we consider that the
late chief partner of the house of Fries, is she same 31r. Dna
Parish who has appeared as one of the principal contractors in tow
of the great loans that hare been negotiated fur some years psi
. _.— ...

PARLIAMENTARY LVTELLIGRNCE.

HOUSE OF LORDS, WeroirtsDAY. klAr 17.

Hr. Tomlin,. from the Treasury, presented at the bar an aecei4
of the quantity of corn, meal, and flour, imports' into cad
rotted from tN United Kingdom, from the year WOO to the yew
1826.
Lord Clive. Mr. Bright, and other Member, of the Houle of
Commune, brought up several Private Bills, which wereread a dm
time.

CORN LAWS.
The Earl of MALMSBURY p:esented a petition froM ere
owners and occupiers of land of Mudford, in the county of Suf.
folk, praying the measures before Parliament, relative to the Corn Laws, might not be passed into a law. fits Lordship also pta
sented a similar petition from H yth e, in Ki.nt.
The Ea►l of LAUDERDALE presented a similar petition hots
Savnundliam, in the 'county of Suffolk, and a similar one from
Framlingham, In the mime county.
The Earl of LIMERICK moved the third reeding of tlealdsh
Local Jurisdictions Bill..—Read and passed.
Lord REDESDALE presented a petition from the paeans
confined in the Fleet Prison, praying for relief.
The Earl of CA LEDON presented a petition from Richardson
Bell, of the county Tyrone, against the present Grand Jury system
In Ireland.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE presented a petition from the
provincial Synod of Eck and Tevioulale, praying fur the st)li.
Lion of slavery.
Lord 3IAYNARD presented a petition from Malden, agslog
shivery.
Adjourned at Five o'Clock.
