PRICE S.•VV.N-PPNCE.

trw compiertey of 10~104910 sipinat N. Marlin sod hap-
piness 011ie pospir.*-011‘we thins tkolc.
Mr. WonLau then pribioned the health of Mr.
lensaiire (the Chairman', mid took a review of the
undaunted firmness snit patriotism displayed by
flint Gentleman when be war incticersted sled per-
secuted by Mr. Pitt, in the plenitede of hi. power.
and arisen lie *fund to compromise his rigglits as .0
Eincliiihnion to pan his liberty. ft was time flint
such -*Adroit bounty sl Id meet its reward.
It was the common practier to boast of the sacred
names of Flainodeet. Russell, and Sydney, but
Englishmen should recollect that the Apt fell in
the field unlamented, owl the other two on the
scaffold, while the peop% Moist tamely by anti wit-
nessed the sacrifice. The then *lto cause forward
1M troubled tune.a were those who deserved well of
the prop).., and of such a C 1.18% was Mr. Lesnaitre.
whose health lie now propotied—( Three times Mice,
sad great applause.)
Mr. I.FM LITRE, us returning thank., said, that
sines be war wren teeo year. oh age Ise had been ios.
poswil to the pens-vision, of wrbittory Ministers, with
all of whom he haul at diti.ovist period* refused td
enter into any esiooprimit4r. In !MU hr load re-
fused to raverpt Illieratiriti on In% lieu orcogiiisance.
though urged by Mr. Justice Funk tss du so heroic
the l's ivy Council. Under tin cercninstance. would
lie cionpronnse the ri.4111 of ;so Essgl;sliniast to N NU.
tiled or Ulocnnilitaw,4l librratioui —(dpirhors...)—
The day had at length arrives! aa hen honest oleo
e:r old avow their principles, awl when rogue% dace
not conspire with impunity against theao.—(Ap -
plat, se.)
The CitAtitmAti then intimated, thsit a correct
edition of the lair Trial of Ward and Chimera, re-
vised by Mr. Pearson, would alwirtly hr
The health of Major Cartwright war. theri
and a letter read from the Major reitrtnitig his 86-
fence, from ill health, attendant on Oil uge.
Mr. CLEARY then proposed the lieOltli of Mr.
%Voider, which was drunk with applouse—onsl
Mr. Woot.Ea returned thanks in sits eloquent
speech, in which lie said he was pretscii tutu the sera
vice of the people by the King's Attorney General,
when lie set about recruiting for the rank+ of the re.
foriners.-1 Loud /ambler and applause.)
The Meetslic cositintied in the elijoy In rot of tbss
utmost conviviality atilt good humour oral n late
I . Some ..nastesirs occraAioitally rulivrnrd trot
cottpuilv by the introduction olio few I)•trisose soup:
The Meeting separated soon after ten u'cluds.

AMERICA.

NLW YORK, DECLAINFR 18.

A correspondent of the i(iclonotarl haptirer
that in the arrangement with the British, the sub-
ject of imprresment hail been •attsfactoruly
We hope this may be true; lost we have the tie.t
reason to believe, from late la ha ii NU nn, that liathalK
has been done on this import int mid delicate et.
It may be true, that Loud Cistleret,,,li intimated to
Mr. Rush a disposition to abandon the practice of
boarding American vessels in search of semittm—
or, if boarding such vessels could tint Ise •atelr
abandoned—at lewd that they should not take lint
any suspicious seamen, but merely endorse the fact
on the ship's papers, (ratting the claim for subse-
quent inquiry. If even tins was contemplated by
Lord Csotlereagh, we are persuaded that lie was
fearfttl of carrying his intention unto execution,
that the last advices were not full or conclusive :
nothing, therefore, had been done.

Dr.CEMBER 25.
A piece of plate has been voted by the citizens
of New York, to Mr. William Wiltshire, the
lush Consul at 111agatlore, in the Empire of Nltirsiccii,
in testimony nit' their admiration and graiiintle
his prompt and zealous benevolence lit redreuuiui
from slavery, unit reitoring to their comitry, Cupt.
James Riley, and his five COll3l/21111/11b, CIiIMIS of
A inerica.

orcEmsEa tG.
AFFAIRS OF SPAM

" This correspondence, which occupies nearly
fourteen columns, we shall lay hefore our readers
as expeditiously us our limits will permit. That
our readers in the mean time may know the present
state of our affairs with Spain, we think proper
to state that the Spanish Minister. in a letter or the
'nth of October, enclosed a number of proposi-
tions, to serve as the basis of a Treaty, by which
the provinces of East and West Flulido, with all
their towns and forts, should he ceded to the Ui tied
States, in full property and sotereiwity.
'1 Connected with this proposition, are others in
relation to the claims of our Government on Spain.
for spoliatiocis cm our commerce to the boundaries
of Louisiana. &c.
" On the 314 t of October the Secretary of
State accepts, with certaiu modifications of the
proposition for ceding the Florida., and rireea
to cancel our claims for spoliat ((((( s. but rejects the
prescribed boundaries of l.ouiviana, nod draws the
only hue to which she Put:sins:we will consent.
" On the 16th of November the Spanish Mi-
nister replies. and modifies the boundary lie had
proposed.
" On the 30th of the same month the Secretary
adheres to In. former line, mid odds, that, as the
Spanish Nliiiister is mit authorised to accede to
that. he is ready to proceed to the exchange of the
ratification of the Convention of 1130-2.
" The ratification was exchanged, and the negoci-
salon in relation to the Fluridhs closed fur the
present."
By the brig Stephos. Capiein SMITH, from
India, arrived at New York. Calcutta Papers to
the Stith July have been received; which state that
a large expedition was fitting out at Calcutta to
proceed to the 1.14 d of Ceylon. The first divisio-i
of transports, with 3,00 u troops nu board, sailed Ott
the '23th of Jnly, and Captain SMITH passed them
at Saugur. Two ship) bf wilr, with troops out
hoard, were to sail in S few days sifter Captaill
kiatura.
BOSTON, DECEMBER IN.
Copt. Pilsburyr arrived sit Ea:tpert iu the &are",
