.y,.

lai
t;eslo thr COMM! rillititilit is i); ,q— u tbr pie:
io Femme. Auld I agree restrie Mir more
. tolidgier the subject, *be more 1 simperers *it this ie
.. . . .

KING 610111111 IV. PROCLAIMILD —Holiday at the Bark,
Exehequer,,Eut India and South Sea Iluttaes.

"1:111.'' ' I " I)l)l.'4._ss
%.

LONDON,

, • WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 31,
dosi(' - .41
The Paris Papers of Saturday last have arrived at
oar office. They lend no colour to a plied which
is said to have prevailed in the city on Monday, that
a conspiracy against the whole of the Royal Fa,
mily of France had been discovered iu Peril. The
French Power, are totally silent respecting arty
such circumstance. If the report really prevailed,
it was probably either put into motion to facilitate
some jobbing truntaction in the funds, or,it might
have arisen from an erroneous impression of some
statement obscurely told, respecting the actual
discovery made some months ago of such a con-
'piracy framed against the win& Royal Family of
rrance; and which, it may be remembered by our
readers, was to have been carried into effect shoat
the time when the Duke of Anaotmetts was
milking a tour of the north.eastersi provinces.
These Papers, however, contain inatterrthat are
Rt the.present'moment far' front being devoid of
interest. It is asserted with coofideace, in an article
of intelligeuce from Genoa, dated the Ildt of this
'month, that a column of the Austrian army has
actually crossed the Po, and iv quartered at Rs-
venna. It is also affirmed that the Duke de GA LI.O.
Minister fur Foreign Aeries iu the Neapolitan Go-
-I'vernment, and dispatched by the PRINCE REGENT
,
JO that capacity to assist the King of NAPLES in
Iris discussions with the Allies at Laybach, has been
refused perinisason to enter the Austrian &mistims.
Boils these statements are iniportent. The advance
of a column or the Austrian army so far to the
south of the Po as to Ravenna, is too considerable
to Ile treated merely us a change of quarters for the
convenience of obtaining provisions; end the refusal
of nermissieu to the Doke de GALLO to assist his
Sovereign with his advice in his present serious
difficulties, displays any thing but a dispo-
'sitiou to conciliate the Neapolitan nation, and to
do justice to the pour old KING. if the Allies
were desirous of clothing their proceedings in the
case of the King of NAPLES with the character of
good faith and honour, they should rather court
than avoid the semblance of sonteilting approaching
to a free and fair discussion. The world will never
regard the interests of Naples as property repre-
sented and supported by the Krug, aisle., his MA.
lESTY shall be 'Rowed to enjoy such advantages
as his opponents in the Congress possess-.-of eon-
putting with his confidential Ministers. A diplomas- •
tic coulereuce is perhaps more than any other ,an
ambitious conflict of intellectual power, in which
dexterity and finesse are far more valued than Aid
faith and integrity. The King of NAIiPLES is new
advanced in years; he was never remarkable for
much shrewdness of mid-ratanding; lie is opposed
to veteran diplomatists, who have conspired against
him, and have summoned him to answer for certain
offences of his people before their self:constituted tri-
bunal; Unaided as he is by advice, isurrouniled by
esietuies, and having to plead a prejudged eausebefore
a prejudiced tribasoal, can it be imagined that he can
compete with his adversaries on fair grounds, and
will not ouch deliberations be regarded as a wretch-
ed mockery—a faire worse thin any that even the
Duke of %VELUM/TON
scould cantemplate. The
result may be easily anticipated, but we are at a
has to conceive what advantage cars be derived
from it. Should the Kise conseot to a declare-
tiou hostile to the Cosistitation of his kingdotn, his
consent will be regarded by his subjects as extort-
ed, and they may relieve to tft: bet should
• I.;
the feel the necessity of subtaisakk,tlbil condition
of their tranquillity will most •Sivalbably be a for:
feiture of the off etiou which the people of Naples

JiMai

~.~, -

iirr.~i~

bon, " ist uniron," of courrr, '• wits dye feeling
and ■eniliMute of tisr onsjori!)- of Ore nasion." Their

- -
the. 'superior actio'N''of the nadir/74;1141)414r°
thereby the existing Government. if one were:tok.
repose any faith in the assertions of certain write
respecting the opinions and desires of the geempea
part of mankind, slavery must be a most delight.
ful mode of existence, and liberty the thing let
to be avoided in the pursuit of happiness. Accord-
ing to these persons, the sense of the majority of
every union beswuth the canopy of brevets is de-
cidedly hostile to freedom, and it is rosily quite
provoking to see the attempts occasionally made by
" pier despehite wretches," airily bankrupts
in character sod fortune," to disturb the eijny.
menus of " the wise and the good," by dissolving
the spell of despotism. It is, however, some eon•
solation to think that iu umuy itisteuees. even the
" wise and good" are willing to sacrifice• their. per-
sonal enjoyments for the attainment of public ad-
vantages, and that universally the societies where
freedom is established are moor prosperous, and
share a fur greater mass of general and individual
good than soy of those, no matter how highly fa-
soured by nature, in which liberty is not the
principle of its political institution.. We have
01/ some former occasions expressed our fears that
in Naples the treachery of persons in power would
neutralise the exertions of the* independents.
fur the establishnsent of a free constitution.—
. It must prove a great esicomagement to any at-
tempts at a counterrevolution that the KING is
• in the hands of the Allies, and that an Austrian,
army is an far advauced in Italy as Regains.
Under such circumstances, aided by the constant
dread of a hostile itivasiou, what should prevent
the great .body of the people of Naples, if they were
: really ill-dispOsest towards the existing state of
affairs, to demand with every assurance of success
the restoration of the ancient system ? Is not their
acquiescence a strong presumptive proof that the
present system accords with their wishes; and is not
the continued disappointment, under such circum-
stances, of the Austrian faction iii attempting to
effect a counter-revolution, all equally sati,factory
assurance that the faction is miserably weak in point
of numbers and respectability ? Were the Neapo-
litans left •to themselves, re entertain not the
shadow of a doubt that the present system would
soon acquire consistency and stability; it is not us
yet, we fear, ail ffieiestly consolidated to nibble them
to.resist their enemies with any prospect of success.
The Freed' fords have fatten. The Five per
Cent. Consols are Illifr. Dank Actions 1,500.

Dutch Papers •to the 28th instant have arrived.
Accounts fioni Hasrlem mention an extensive •
inundation, in consequence of the giving way of
a dike. Eighteen villages have been laid under
water. si.ti •,t
We hare riseelved •Piew York Papers to the 4th
umlaut. The proceeding. in Congress, and other
domestic iiitelligence, are destitute of interest. An
account of the dowufal of the Bill of Pains and
Penalties against the Qualm was received in that
city on t he. 28th last, and forms a prominent fez;
ture in the Journals of the following day. The
result appears to have afforded eniverml satis-
faction. A schooner. the Alpha and Omega,
Captain STONE, had arrived at New York, which
left Cape Henry. Hayti, on the 3d of Decem-
ber. Captain Slows reports that the change
Government at the Cape si:sce the death of
CHRISTOPHR was popular, but that there were se.
veral malcontent., as is generally the case among a
people just out of a revohnion. Gra. RICHARDS
seemed particularly obnoxious to them. The
minket, had improved a little, but would not pro.
bably lung remain stationary.
Yesterday was a holiday at the Batik, but from,
the musiense business, done lately iu the funds. the
Stock Exchange remained open. A considerable
improvement took place in the morning. Consols
for Account opened at 7l i, and at twelve o'clock
were 72i.
Letters have been received, dated St. Thomas'.
December 25. They state that the strair+ of the
Maui are at length finally settled, a Treaty between
MORILLO and BOLIVAR having been biped. It is .
reported '• that the its.lependesice of New Grenada
and Venezuela are recognised ; hut (adds the wrder)
we greatly doubt this intelligence."
A rumour is current in the commercial circles,
that a negociation is either ou foot ot to be shortly
commenced, for the cession of the important settle-
ment of Sincapore, established by Sir T. RatiFt.xs,
in the Indian Archipelago, to the Dutch Govern-
ment.. 'Our awn inforniatton !rods us to the con-
elusion, not only thst this 'amour is well-founded,
hut that a disposition exists, a priori, out the part
of the English atlitsistry. to sanction the bimodal'.
meal of a statiou which forms she chid protection
to ic.e of the finest and most promising inatkets of
BruiWi coinnirree.—t Evening. Paper.)
Letters have been received from Bactos Ayres.
dated November 6. Greta agitation wuv creased
by the arrival of the French squedrou at Matte
deo. It was reported the expedition was connected
with the late plot to put a French Prince on the
Throne of South America. The sapladrosi consist.
ed of a mai-of.war i frigate. and it was ru•
wound that several smaller vessels were daily
lsedted for. No accounts loud beets received, re.
spectisig the Millet* or failure of the squadron
cyder Lord Coctinattz.

• %•••=.

116.
.44,. 601
-31 e
19

• 'tr to.. quit, ,
111.411‘.
•
Ad
lee from
• wed to entertalb to
4. ar..44,-1., . •
sir letter.' fbiti *ito Om, toy sotiefitalin ..4
I F.,mil
iu which ipee ailed* **9 lie elfish/413*We Abe .i
Lieuleonnt, NA le thank gtee Car Vie bisleomel.rees Iftsh.,...as and Rowan Papevsettillientaly
you are pleaktee employ t.owerds see. timate that a large party to Nal,tes .actively ran- tri
Frani the letter ihich the Loud Lieuteuaht addressed to
rspeiaortiship, sae anti eaves pereelfeol-Ilieterelve et 44! 14Lioyeti to eihdcesetiring to efireel a comittvinmfrits-
