WORSHIP-STREET.

Samuel Carr, Esq. preferred a charge deflation against
dionnfain, keeper of the turnpike-gale in the
Ciiy.road.
Complainant stated, that on Sunday last hews, in company
of Mrs. Carr, in a tilhay, in the City-road. At 85. Luke's
gave the toll was demuoded, w►ich Complainant paid, and
on his arrival at the City Bar, in Ibe centre of the City-road,
Defendant demanded four.pence, refusing at the same 11111116
■ ticket, whereby Complainant was compelled to pay again
on his rehire. Complainant considering it a second inipai.
tins in the course of a few minutes, was determined to make
a public example of Defeodaet.
The Defendant, is his defence, said,lhat She Complainant
had swan most false; and that be had been on and off the
toll.bar nine years, and bad been only once before at •
public Office for an peewee.
The worthy Magistrate convicted the Defendant i■ tea
mitigated penalty of 20s.and costs.
Joint Milford, • young man of the age of 30, was charged
by the parents with violating the person of Anne Cooke, a
little girl, nine years of age, and was fully committed us the
capital charge fur trial.

MEETINGS OF CRRDITORS AT THE COURT
OF COMMINSIO.VRRS OF BANKRUPTS,
TIM PAT.

G. Rivera, Judd-street, cabinetidrasker 3 1
E. Radford, Holborn, grocer 3 le
T. W. Daley, Basior-lcue, wine-merehant
H. Boolean, Clerkenwell, haberdasher 3 12
J. L. Trek, Haymarket, jeweller
H. Beam., Sydenhant, stockbroker
A .Jardioe, Leatherbead,draper 1 10
W. Dare, Woking, norstrystian .. I 10
N. Goldstein, Stiadwell, alopseller 2 10
L. H. Murkily, Finsbury square, merchant ..... •.• 2 12
J. Craig, High Holborn, hues-draper
C. Le Roy, Pa haberdasher
J. Chaplin. Limon-grove, builder
W. Bawer, Sherborne, maltster
J. Shackle, Milk-skeet, hosier
DIVIDENDS.
J. C. Schwiroo and F. Grtijeao, Soho square, harp-
manufacturers
G. Robertson, Wapping, ship-chandler
jP. Williank„ os. Knightsbridge, draper
T. Sampson, Lyon, coach-maker 1
R. Poillock, Andover, roach-maker
G. Lowrs, Mincing-lane, oleic-merchant
J. Dimity, late of Backside, corn-merchant
T. Edwards, Brighton, merchant
B. Bilsbortergh, Lower Merton and Pimlico, vow-keeper 1
U. J. Armstrong, Ratcliffe Highway, cull-merchant
E. Thompson, Rotherleithe, ship.bni/der
H. F. Pelerits, Culteeliouse, insurance-bruker 1
E. Nicol, late of Memel Hempstead, wine.sorreleaut ...• 11
T. Irks, Curnhill, late master of the Albite'
H. Thompson and T. Mums, Rotheibithe, wineimer-
-10
N. Bras, Flettirtret t, !whiter

t

snip defERS' SOCILTY.II

Thursday the nosivereary of the Shij Owners Society was
celebrated at the City of London tavern. At about half past
six, the Earl of Liverpool, President of the Society, acenin-
panted by Lord Melville, the Hon. F. Robinano,aad else Vice-
Preisideute, entered the room, and yeas ty two hawked nestle-
men connected with the shippiug ipso-Ants of tbanotintry pat
dews to an exeellent dinner. 'net eMspaay bpPeared to be
a li•ile at sea with regard to thansfiglana eeremosiale usually
observed at public dinners, for WO wake Dwaine was actu-
ally called for before dinner, and the artists ober nstally offi-
rime on these occasionsalesars.taylor,Kny'vett, Broadhurst,
&c. were upon the point of romMinecieg their sacred func-
tions, when it was discovered that they were apes a wrong
Park. The irregularity was detected in time ha !prevent it
from being drawn into a precedent at future dinners; the
Anthem was sang in the nvust ~saner when the cloth was
removed, and was theu received with applause, which, we
believe, is unusual.
The toasts of" the Kiag," sad" the Royal Family," were
also recessed with applause.
The CHAIRMAN next gave, " Lord Melville and the
NaLoyv."
rd 111 rtyttLE, in returning thsaks declared, that he
bad ever felt most warmly for the honour, the welfare, and
prosperity of the British Navy. Irthey might judge of the
future by the past, their could be au doubt that the Officers
and Seamen of that Navy would yhat he found wanting in
the hour of trial in the discharging the chitin which they
owed to their country. He wes persoaded that the country
might at all times rely epos theirAtest exertions. Many of
them bed bled is their country's dose, and were reedy, if
necessary, to bleed again. The maritime siteagth of this
country was its strone•bnid, apes which we must mainly
depend for the maintenance of that proud situation which
we held in Europe. He was emalident, that as lung as the
British Navy was efficiently maintained, so lung would
Borland maintain the proud 'situation which she held among
the nations of the world—!Applause )

The Earl of LIVERPOOL next gave—" Prosperity to the
Shipping interrsis of this Empire." lo proposing this
toast, lie said, he could lint forbear observing, that be con-
sidered the Shipping !Dieresis of this Kingdom as esn-
lially connected with the Commerce of the Expire. The
importance of the Shipping Interests, however, might be
enforced on still higher grounds, fir be should ever consider
the Shipping Interests as connected most materially with the
'minty of the errantry. We owed our security to nor Navy,
sod we owed our Navy to the Navigation System ouder
which this country had PO long floerished.—(Applause.)-11t
bad been supposed by some that we owed oar wearily to oar
insular situation. No doubt our insular situation was a great
advantage, but every man olio knew any thins! of history,
must know that this country, even with all its sdvsatages of ha-
ggler situation, did not derive security from it, for so country
had es4r been more exposed to successful invasion. Our
Navy and our security were coeval with our Navigation Sy•-
leo, sod it washy promoting the Shipping tutrrest, not ac-
cording to every fanciful prejudice that might exist in the
minds of soreelative theorists, but by a Jest application, ac-
cording to limes and circumstances, of the principles upon
which oar Nsvi;atioa System was founded, that we should
maintain the security, honour, and happiness of the country.
.--(Applause.)
Mr. BUCKLE proposed "The health of the Earl of Liver-
pool, Prerideat of the Society."
- - -

Tke CH AI R'.l AN. in returning thanks, observed, that t►e
hawse of being placed at the head of that Society was, as
they all knew, unsolicited, and unexpected by him. He had
accepted that distinguished situation from the high respect
which hr felt towards the shipping 'stereo's of the reentry,
sod trots other considerations of • personal nature, which
esuld not bet be gratifying to his feelings.
Mr. ROWCRO FT proposed "The health of the Right Hon.
F. Robinson, President of the Board of Trade.*
Mr. F. ROBINSON ssid he felt eilremely grateful for the
boater which had been just conferred upon him. He hoped
they would allow him to say, t►at ►acing entered upon the
discharge of his of defies with Mg full knowledge that
every seep he took would be ceder the eye of none whose
interest it was to watch the propriety of his measures, aad
whe were perfectly eolopeteet to judge of their propriety, be
received the toast which had been jest given as • most grati-
fying lestimeay of their kiad consideration. Long before it
was his lot to be officially connected with the navigation
and (*maitre* of this eouotry he was deeply impressed
with the truth of than opiaioes which his Noble Frieod
Dear him had so eloquently expoooded, wises be reinstalled
the Navigation System of England as ementially con.
tributing to establish her security, to exalt bee glory, and
casino her permanent prosperity.—(Applause.)—No man
could recollect for a mumeat t►e unparalleled triumphs of
the British Navy during the recent war—a war of orseitans.
pled exertion, of unexampled duratioa, and, if be were not
alluding to the British Nary, ►e might say of espied
vicissitudes, without feeling how esaenti■lly its success was
promoted by the exertions, the *pion, sad the loyalty of the
great and respectable body whose Representatives he had
now the honour to address. He was confident that the liv.
lag witnesses of what that spirit had effected, would emulate
the glorious example.—What oar forefathers had done might
be regarded as an indteatims of what their successors would
achieve, sod might trainmen to posterity the assurance, tbat
if a times to come similar emergencies tavola arise, sod
similar exertions be called for, they would Sad the shipping
laterest of future days seimeted by the same amble spirit,
conferring the same inestimable benesta, and entitled to the
same eternal gratitude—(Applause.)
Mr. MARRYATT, in it to propose the next toast,
coogratniated the Society and the Counlsy on the suspi.
taus results of the laborious luveatigaliona in which his
Majesty's Ministers had been engaged, with a view to the
revision of every part of our Comments' System. The in-
tercourse between this mutiny and the States of South
America had been legitimated. Thine State. had now lisp.
pity emancipated themselves from the tyranny and oppression
to which they had been subjected—they bad emerged frum
darkness into light—from object slavery to freedom and in.
dependence. It sae to t►e New World that we meet look for
indelanificetioa against theerrors of the Old. By furnishing
new masts for the sale of British manufactures, a fresh lea-
pent would be given to our domestic commerce, owe agrio
culture would ohme in the benefits derived from Wenner of
wealth, so that all classes of the community were is fart in-
terested in the extr•slo• of British navigation. Nothing
certain was yet known as to the ►cult of the deliberations at
Verona, but from what had trasapired he thought they might
fairly assume that British faliempand British prieciples had
pedominated over the ',facilites and feelings of more attn.
teary states. If by the judicious developeoneat of those pens.
caplet at the Cement's ►is Majesty. Ministers bad secured the
peace of he world. they had a right to expect not merely the
applause and grain ode of this country, t of mankind as large.
He concluded by ProPoollitt—" The health of M r. Canning sad
the rest of his Majesty's Ministers, and lung may they con-
tinue to be the guardian of the navigable sad commercial
interests of this cO4lll try."
The Emil of LIVERPOOL, in the name of those of his
Msjesty's Ministers who were absent, as well as of those who
were present, begged to retorts his sincere thanks for the
honour which had been conferred upon them. I rise, con.
dossed the Noble Lord, more particularly fur the purpose of
assuring you, that to lily tennis+ knowledge it was Ibe *men.
tins sad anxious desire of Mr. Calming to be present at this
meeting, end a is only on account of unavoidable circum-
stance., over which he had too control, that he has been
obliged this moruing to postpone his intention. I need
scarcely ay bow gratifying it would have il4 ea to him to be
present on this OCC&I,011, and how sincerely he regrets the
suseasity of his absence.
" The health of the Viee.Presideet, and the Members of
the forma Container," were them given, and desalt with
applause.
Mr. F. ROBINSON gave—" Prosperity to the City of
London." -
Mr. Aldermen BRIDGES, In returning thanks, lamented
the absence of his worthy colleague, Sir W. Curtis, a man
who w so never absent on such occasions, if he could avoid it.
The CHAIRMAN wet 'ave.—. Ships, Colonies, and
Commerce."
Mr R. H. MARTIN proposed " the health of Mr. Mar•
ryatt," which was ill oak with applause.
The CHAIRMAN gave iniceentioelYt " Suc"°°l°Hlle Rea.
Beet Hermits' "aid the " West lade& Schools," sad Lore*

et' 401
krit #
IittLYILLP returned Amara widen of both those It-
The health of" The Stewards' was next drank, and Mr.
GUTHRIE, in returning thanks, observed, that as ihr ob-
jects of the Institution could Rut be effected without recruit-
ing their funds, a subscription would be opened fur that
pa
Tpoherse.
CHAIRMAN next gave a The Outward and Home-
ward-bound "
'floe CH A I RM A N said, that before they separated be would
propose a toast which was peculiarly appropriate to that
meeting, "The Wooden Walls of Old England!'
This toast was drunk with applause, tad at half-past ten
teclock the Earl of Liverpool Left the Chair. The Company
abort ly after separated.
Mr. Croker was nut present at Ibis highly respectable
Ilikeetiug, fur be was not ioviied.

.

THE ARMY.
The following official Circular his been issued
from the War-Office, signed W. Merry, and ad-
dressed to the Adjutants of Militia Regiments :•-••
(mica LAIL.)
Sta...-11 appearing expedient, glib • rim to secure the
subsequent services ollitlilitiameu es may enlist into his Ma-
jesty's legator Forces, or those of the East India Company,
or into the Marines, or Royal Artillery, during the period
of their eggarwient in the Militia, that the expiration of the
respective period, of service i■ the Militia should be
know• to the corps of Regular Cavalry, Infantry, Divi-
ning, of Royal Artillery, sad East India amnesty's troop*,
into which the men may have enlisted, 1 am directed to
convey to you the Secretary at War's desire, that when
Militiamen, who have go ciliated, and have bees given up
to the Militia, shall have completed the period of their es-
engement is that force, you will take care to apprize t►e
Commanding Officers of the corps into which they ►od en.
listed, of the dates at which their services nt the Militts
shall have expired, intimating also to the men themselves
that if they fail to deliver themselves up to some Military
Officer, they will be proceeded against as deserters from
their respective corps into which they had colleted.
The notification to Commanding Officers of Regimeoto of
Cavalry and Infastry, 11111 to the Commandant of the East
India Company's Depot at Chatham, may ►e made through
this Office by unsealed letters, those for the Marines to the
Admiralty, and those for the Royal Artillery to the Board
of Ordnance.

Detachments belonging to the sth, 9th, 21st, and 3110 h
regiments of foot, sailed on the 11th instant, on board lb'
Loyal Briton transport, from Cowen fur Barbadoes.
The detachment, of the 20th, 74th, and 67th regiments
of infantry, which marched from Albany B kit and
Gosport on the 6th and 7th instant, will arrive nt Chsthaws
to-mo►row, preparatory to their embarkation ■t Gravesend,
on t►e 28th iustaal, for Bombay.
A detachment of the 4th light Dragoons is ordered to
marc► to-morrow from rMatdatooe to Chatham, preparation
to it■ embarking on the 28th instant, on bawd the ship
highs for Bombay.

CORO.V AR'S INQUEST.

AN inquest was held last night at the Northumberland
Arms, Charluite-street, Foizroy.aquare, before Mr. Stirling,
the Coroner, on the burly of Julio Mills, aged 27, who was
found drowned in the water butt at the Duke of York public-
