CG ZENOBIO.

We have recei.e.l th • following illitell Porn Count Zenosto,
who ha. bees out of the Coo thy. Our Readers
will rellenther the virrumASaisee to whie.l the Count alludes.
Nis raro.al ho a Sub,eription in favour o the Swiss ems
is.companieki u.th a handsome sum to begin it.

. ,
TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRITISH PRESS.

SIR,
In your paper of Tbnrsd.iy last there was an ac-
count from Charlestown, in America, of a slave
-having been put to the rack for the murder of his
master, and then committed to the flames. I wish
to know on what grounds any person, after reading
that paragraph, can again advocate the cause of
the wisdom or mildness of the laws of a country,
in which such ineconcileable inconsistencies exist,
as freedom and slavery, humanity and cruelty.. The
boast of the independence of Arne, ica was, at one
period, the delight of most of our patriots, and
many, in this country, look upon the Government
of America as the most philosophical and temperate
that ever was formed. Ni- 4 cr3lii are the writers in
praise of it, and how many of our countrymen have
been induced to emigrate thither from the plausible
descriptions which have been so assiduously pub-
lished of the civil and religious rights which all men
enjoy there.
But, on cool refle&on, it will be found, that, how.
ever hard the Americans have struggled for their
own liberty, and however anxious they are for its
preservation, they feel equal anxiety to continue
"those in a state of slavery who have, at least, as
good a title to their liberty as themselves; but what
a refinement in cruelty is it, not only to continue
the poor negroes as slaves, but to place them under
the most tyrannical laws that were, perhaps, ever
framed in any country professing Christianity, and
permit the miserable creai woes to be tortured to con-
fession ? Were these circumstances snore genorally
known among the lower order of people in Scotland
and Wales (tom whence the emigrations to Ame-
rica have been the most frequent), they would, I
should imagine, no longer feel an'inclination to re-
move to a country where the rack and torture are
santlioned by the laws, a. d where the original pos-
sessors of the lands are now in a state of bondage.
False representations could alone have induced any
of the inhabitants of Great Britain (who are ever
jealous of their liberty) to seek an abode in America,
where liberty is circumscribed by sordid and selfish
views, including some of its inhabitants within the
pale of it, and excluding others, in defiance of all
justice, which should universally form the basis of
every virtuous government.

Captain Show, the Commandant of the Harbour
Marine, in the port of London, is indefatigable in
carrying into execution the regulations contained in
the Loci) Ma von's order, respaing the admissions
of foreigl vessels into the port of London, at certain
hours. The passing above Bugsby's Hole, up the
Pool, between sun-set and sun-rise, is expressly pro-
hibited, and an armed schooner is stationed off
Greenwich, for the purpose of enforcing the prohi-
bition when necessary. On Monday night, a vessel
under Prussian colours, coming up with the tide,
attempted to pass, and not obeying the orders from
the raw-boats, was fired at until she brought to--
and obliged to come to an anchor under the shore.
In ftet every precaution is taken, as rcuch as if the
enemy were on our coasts.

loilitrrhursday afternoon the child of a private of
the.4.th dragoons, in the new Sussex barracks, about
fourteen months old, whilst at play near a keeler of
soap suds, which its mother had placed at the en-
trance of the door of her hut, by some accident fell
into it, and there remained, until it was discovered
by its father, and taken out to all appearance dead,
who, by the application of warm blankets, resto-
red it to animation ; but it was so affeEted by the
immersion, that it expired the neat day .in con-
vulsions.

Notwithstandinz the daily admonitions in the pub-
lic prints with respect to the wanton handling of fire-
Arms, we have to relate a dreadful accident which
happened on Friday last in the family of Mr. BocK.
LAND. attorney at law at Shaftesbury :—A fowling-
piece having been left loaded in the garden, while
his son went to the door to speak to a person, a boy
took it up, and snapping it at the servant girl, dis-
charged the whole of the contents in her face, shot
o.et both her eyes, and otherwise disfigured her in a
dreadful manner : she now lies with little hopes of
recovery.

NIEETINGS OF CAEDITJ2S AT GI;ILDH :LL,
TO-MOM/tow.
MI
actum late of Lore-one, merchang Ts
jTehlT ju.o Spacd°, late of Cannon stwet, drugg:at
DIVIDENDS.
Henry Nantes, WArnfo.d•courti l'ilioGmorton-street,
merchant
Robert F.,stace and William Holland, Horsley-down
Shad Thames, Surrey, &Son

• 1.)
• t z

'ER TIIIS DAY At LONDON BRIDGE,
33 mitt art.,. 2.

MARRI.kGE.
A few.lays since, J Sine:tan, En. to the Rua.
U,40.1, &Vast of the antaign lady Turapletown.

• DEATIf.
At Brighton, Cornet Way, of the Innlibil;ing Drtgov,t,

SALES BY AUCTION.

. .
ELMAVT VILLA AND FARM, HINXTON, NEAR
CIIESTERFORD, .CAMSRIDLiESHIRE--WITII
MEDIATE POSSESSION.

•
By Mr. WILLOCK,
At Garments'', CafEse.hout-m,'Change A!1-y,
on 11/EDNESDAY, the Rath of S,,iteinhar,
welck, by coder of the Devisees, in One Cat,
A MODERN BUILT FREEHOLD VII.t.A
mom delightfully tituate in the rural Village nt Dies
tun, one rode from Chesterfortl, test from Cunb.idp,
fmin Newmarket, and forty4ix from Loi'don, in the C ion!'"
of CanibrOge the property and late residence, of Eden..!Green, Fig Secearad ; con.iat:ng of a suhitaimtial, ba,i
House, with Ilan& .me uniform frame, contain:llg nett
Chambers on the Attic Story, five airy, cheerful Eed Chain,
hers with Dressing R0.N041 on the principal Hoer, and on the
ground Boor an entrance hail, a large eating town, hrtairfarim
room, library, and spacious lofty drawing room, with eacellem
eellaying, and al/ requisite offices for the SleeartlMOdatrnl wi a
Faielf of Fashion ; t •ge• her o it h pleasure grounds,
tationi, orchard, wlllesl kitchen gardens, chathed and putted
with a profusion of the choicest font trees in till bre.iiir, a
cold bath, fish ponds and dove how., sell stocked, detached
coach houses far five. c.miages, a atpital court of stabling -r
fourteen h..rses, farm buildings, genteel cottages, and sundry
freehold and conyholmi enclosures iurrouliAin/ time ~,d
lands mrspersetl in the adjoining common contai.. -gtal-
together about 116 acre% an a country aboundaig wa t &wk.,
and surrounding roads remarkably good.
To be viewed till the sale, and Particulars may be hrs. cm
the Premises; also at the (..mutt Inn, et Clestertied ; k4s,
Cambridge: Rani, Newmarket; . Crown, Hockeri: ; am ate
Eaptis: Coffee,lioars:•, Chancery-lane; at Garraeay•.; .
Flomphrya Darpur-striset, Eloomsbury ; and of M-. 111 Ise t,
No 2.), GOlden.square, where Plans of the Dottie ani ura..m.do
may be seen.
I S
HUMANITAI. '

IpACIOUS HOUSE. AND VERY CAPILAL doh
FRONTING BURLINGTON-HuVS . PICCADILLY,
WITH IMMEDIATE POssEssloN.
_ _

By Mr. WII.LiiCK7
At Catratray's ColesMoose, Contbill, os
WEDNESDAY next, at Twelve,
. A Substantial Modern Built LEASEFIOLI)
itousr. and Spacions SHOP, most diiiiabiy
edvantageoudy ptuatcd, No. 17,, on the S ,nth side of
ooposit, Burlin;tua House, late in the. occii.ation
Mr
.fohn DAnett, Bookseler containing four neatly Su v.
t 40111,5, V/ Rh closets on each of the upper floors, a tuo t c p:.
shop, larze pa,lour, ar.l paved yard, two kitchel:,
reluisite mettle otEets, fitted tt,t with the utrn•b-t -
r.ienc,. The premises have been verwitlyyepair.:d a :
proved at a very I:re3i es' flee ; sirepvevensed ti he i.. o •
the fiat situations at the West Esid of the Toe, fvr ca- • -
of geweal businesaes nt pairing room they are helit f. r a
term at a tuodsrate seat* and Cie pure:laser n.a li_ve
possNsion..

To be viewed tin the sale, ao,l particulars may he lon
the premise;; at the Baptist C-;Tee-house, i;; Chat :71,1,12:1e ;
at Garraegy's. ht Change-alley; of Nfews.
Solicitor*, Lincoln e 100 y anal of Dir. Wil:ozko .2.), (iota:,
sqmire.

BURTON PYNSENT ESTATE. sumt.xst::rbiluati.
By NlA's: s. SKINNER, DYKE, and Co.
On TUESDAY, thc 15th of October, at Garrawars, In Lots,
if not disposed of by Private Contract In One 1.4,
A CAPITA!, and truly valuable FREEHOLD
ESTATE, most beautifully situate at Burton
in the Parialve of Curry Rival! Drayton Fivehead, at,' 3*,
bounded by Wen Sedgrnoor, mil divided by the Iln:h Rca.l
from Souterton to Taouton, $ Miles from the former a.ol
in 10 of the latter, E of lmlnstsr, ar.d 12 of C....ca1, Cres -
kerne, and Reirlgavreter, compritln,.; the Manor n: Usaytor..
with tit- Royalties and AppuMllll.l.lCeS exterid•ne tiTer the
whole Pariah, Burton l'yii‘e.it Nf anion House, I.)..'ect,
sure Ornunis„ Lawns Wii.lernew, Planta. ions, G.irde...,
PAeld-sky Doom, lads, and Woods; capial ram+ .. n
Doel'ii;.: Houses, eseslieut Butons and liut:clu.r for tr..."-
banilry Bonne.% Orcha:ding, and Tenements,
about 1200 Acres of fertile Meadow Grazing, and A a t
Land, forming one of the nem noble Flumes in the Co_it ,
abundantly stocked w itli ea ital Oak, Elsa, and other •
Trees of ..verr large Dimensions; the Farms are occupied 11,
respectab'eTeuaitta front Year to Ycar, and on short Lea, ,
at Rena, amounting to 14001. per Annum. Also the Mn
and a:ter late Presentation to the Re:tory of Curry Rm it
Tile whole Estate is capable of tb: greatest Irnorovernett, a . ;
upon an Isicioaors of West Sadginaer and other Moon, ce.r
taint:3g s^reral Thousand Acre% over 'which there are rutty
salvable Riebta; the Rental ell he bevy consideral 'y .riC7l
aid, Li point of Situation, no Property is more eligiY4
for • Reaidence or Farm.

To he viewed by applying to Richard Coalny, at Evt,:i
Priiscal Home; of wham printed Particu!ars may b!
Th,sty Days pructiling the Sal,: ; also at the Red Lion, S. m...•
ton; George Inns, Bridgewater, Chard, Ciewk:rn:, aa
Taunton Neon. Goedby and Co. Printers, Shethomel •4•.
Rodhall, Printer, Lino! ; Mr. Cruttvrtil, Bah ; , •
Pinner, Salisbury ; Mews. Fenn and Atkinson, S :.:,!
Lincoln's 1,1:1 Field.; at the Puce of Sa!e ; a: 'l/41.•••
k*, .11,1 Co. Aldarsgateogrea, Mho are
t.f treat he Private Contract.
