LETTER FROM THE KING OF FRANCE TO THE

- - -
KING OF NAPLES.
The following document is extracted from
Naples
journal of the sth inst., received yesterday
"Sir, my Brother—Amidst the cirrnmstances in whirls the
ovens. of theism 5 months have pdsc,il the States confided by
Providence to the care of your slajesty, you mold not for an
instant have eouhteel of tberuntinu.d interest felt by me to-
wards you, and of my prayers both for your individual hap.
piney+ and that of your people. Tour Majesty is net igen.-
root of the powerful motives dial have impeded the more early
expression of the sentiments with which I am animated, and
of that conned whit h I felt authorized, hy the most emeere
friendship, to offer you. But I cannot now allow myself to
hesitate longer. Informed by my Allies at Tropp's: of
the iovitation sent by them to your Majesty, I ought to
uoite my instances with theirs, both as the Member of an
alliance whose object is to secure the tranquillity aid inde-
pendence of every State, and as the Sower. ign of a people
friendly to the nation governed by your Majesty, if not as a
sincerely affectionate relative. I cannot two strongly urge you
to COTe and assist in person at the new Cotig, ess of my Allies
the: is shout to take place. 1 can assert so you, Sire, that
*heir views in this Congress are to reconcile the interests
and g I welfare that the psternal solicitude of your Ma-
jesty would desire for your people, with the duties they are
themselves pledged to fulfil to their states end to the
world. The most pure glory awaits your Majesty. You
will Resist io fixing the bases of social order in Europe,
you will preserve your people front the mlefortuiles that
threaten them; and secure, by that accord which is auneres-
aary between power and liberty, their felicity and prosperity
through a long aeries of poen:limos. If my infirmities lisd
permitted, I should willingly have accompanied your Ma-
jesty to this august Congress • bat -when you perceive that
ill writing this leiter I have heese compelled to avail myself
of the hand of another, yon will easily kedge of the impossi-
bility under which I am placed of following on this point
the impulses of my heart.
" You may rely, notwithstanding, that there of my Mi-
nisters whir may assist there in my name, will omit nothiog
in furnishing you with all the support you might have ex•
peeled from me. Your Majesty, in taking a determination
conformable to the wish manifested by me mad my Allies,
will convey to your people an assurance of your affection by
so much the greater, iussourk as that determination, I Gel
wholly convinced, will be the most certain means of Nersu-
iue to them the bleseings of peace and ratiousl liberty.
" I request your Majesty to accept the expression of the
sent iment• °fester's:, of friendship, sad of high consideration,
with sehlrh I an Sir, my Brother, your !dainty's true
Bristlier,
" Parts, Dec. 3, 11150.

(Signed) " LOUIS."

The appeal against the return of one of the
Members for Wel brook Ward, un the growled of dis-
suoliticetinii, which iii its consequences. it is con-
cr►red, will dete►mine the power of the Court of
♦ldrrmeu, i• appointed for hearing ou Tuesday
alma, and it i• ',resumed will be before • full
Court. from the ciscurnstence that the parties with
Counsel. Solicitors, and wttaew•, hare already
been two C..rs days in attest:Mace.

THE 131irrtSif PRESS.
4. • .ou,

LONDON,
SATURDAY, JANUARY 27, MI.

Previous to the commencement of the debate
last night in the House of Commons upon Lord
ACCMIII•LD H►MILTON'S motion respecting the
restoration of the QUlSlrtee name to its proper place
in the Liturgy, petitions were poured in from
various parts of the kingdom, expressing, in the
strongest manner, the senile of the public upon the
treatment hitherto experienced by her NIAJWITY.
Several of these petitions had emanated from
county meetings--tl►ose meetings which must, no
doubt, have proved highly eatertsissing to tl►e Mi-
nisters and their portion's, since it has pleased a
member of the Cabinet to distinguish them by the
denomination of farces. To any mail who under-
stands the principles and character of a free con-
stitution, and can estimate tl►e value of public opi-
nion in correcting and preventing errors, there is
no part of our whole system that should appear more
valuable than the privilege enjoyed by the people
of meeting for the pu►poses of public discussion.
It Ism pleased the Legislature to contract this
privilege ; but it was understood at the same time
that in removing what were regarded as abuses in
the system, the parts that were preserved should
obtain a higher degree of purity and 'Perfection.
The county meetings were represented as the ob-
ject of the especial care of Perliameot. and as
alone affording the means of collecting with accu-
racy the expression of public opinion. Such, no
doubt, they would still he represented by the
Ministers, had the voice of the people been as
highly raised in their fevutir as it has been unequi-
vocally exerted against them ; but unpopular as
they are, not even county meetings can suit their
palates, and as they cannot control the voice of
the public, their only resource is to endeavour to
neutralise its force by means of insult and obloquy.
It was with this feeble,' diet the Duke of WEL-
LISOTON ventured iii his place in Parliament to
eall the county meetings of the freeholders of
England by the insulting name of farces. To the
mind that could entertain an idea so airworthy of this
important port of the free coustilution of England,
every means of collecting public opinion must ap-
pear equally farcical, and, no doubt. the wools of
the freeholders fur the elrctions of Members of
Parliament, sod possibly the meetings of the Par-
liament itself, hold no higher place in the opinion
of the Noble and Gilboa Duke. Should the mi-
litary system sought to be established by the Noble
Duke and his colleagues be much longer pursued,
we fear that not even these farces will remain to
emu-, the public mind ; or that, as at Manchester,
the farces will change their character, mud, wider
the operation of the sabre and bayonet, assume
snorefor imposing designation of tragedies. Mr.
W. Po Le endeavoured last night, its the House of
COIIIIIIOIIO, to excuse his gallant brother for the
injudicious ■nd rash use of this express ; but
lie laboured with not more success that, did Lord
LIVERPOOL on the former evening in the ether
Rouse. The Ministers, we believe, would gladly
recal the word; but the impression it cionveyed to
the public mind respecting the opinions they enter-
tutu upon the subject of public meetings is indelible.
The presenting of the nume►ous Petitious on
the subjectpf the QueEts's treatment occupied the
Muse for so long a time, that Lord A. lIAarILTON
could not bring sin his motion until after eight
o'clock. The Noble Lord's motion was proposed
in the shape of a Resolution, declaring, " that the
striking of the QueeN's name out of the Liturgy
was ill-advised and inexpedient." Mr. Roara•on,
on the part of Ilse Ministers, imposed the Re•olu-
tion upon an objection directed rather against the
form of the proceeding that, the merits of the ques-
tion', and tuoved that the House should adjourn,
which, after an animated debate, protracted till half
post six o'clock this morning, was carried by a nis-
jority of 101.
..

We were among those who, when the question
of the independence of Naples was first agitated
its this country, expressed a hope that the iniqui-
tous career of Austria and her Allies agsnist the
people of Naples should be checked by the toter.
ference of Great Britain and Fr-ince, from a sense
of what these Power* owed, not alone to the prin-
ciple of national isidepeodetice, hut to their own
pecaltsr interests. lu this hope, however, we we're
utifortunstely disappointed, With respect to Greet
Britain, we learn from our own Ministers that
they indectl have nut conspired with their Allirs at
Troppats to oppress an iiiintreitilitag people—that
they hove not promised to :and them any assist-
ance in melting upon Naples the chains of slavery ;
but they admit also that they have nut, in any re-
spcci, discousiteiranceil the procee.iiiig. Lind LI-
VERPOOL awl Lord CAssi.sultstat declaim upon
the excellence of obsers,og a strict iieutrality, st.sl
ask, " shootd they iihnige this country into war
to promote the views of the Brvolisti 4444 ista in
Naples r' They affect to give u reason iii justifier.
thou of their conduct, hut they seem not to
be conscious of the inconsistency into which

they betray themselves. Carat Britain is not
to tuterfrre between 11w Allis and Naples. because.,
forsooth, this would lattroy u spirit of lateral:darts

in the affairs of other people, which, above all
things, our wise Ministers abhor, and therefore the
Allies may indulge in the same spirit of interased-
dling in the offaits of Naples without any restraint,
and they are perfectly justifiable in perpetrating
the crime which it would be highly criminal in
Great Britain to prevent. With respect to France,
we find by a letter (in another part of this Paper)
written by the King of FRANCE to the King of
NAPLES, that the former fully concurs in the views
of the Sovereigns assembled at Troppan. and per-
sonally entreats the poor old King of NAPLES to
obey the requisition sent to him by this self-consti-
te.teel tribunal, and to acquiesce in the proposals
made, or to be made to him at the Congress of
LaYbach. The Kilig of FRANCE is more explicit
and avowed in his concurrence in the sentiments of
the other Allies than is the British► Government, as
represented by Lords Litrearoor. and CASTLE-
REAGH. We must admire the candour of the for-
mer, even though we detest his politics; but there
is a miserable shuffling in the conduct of our
Ministers—a contest between their secret wishes and
the terrors they experience in avowing them. They
are, indeed, aware of the danger they should in-
cur were they openly to lend the Allies pecuniary
or physics' assistance in their projected invasion ;
hut they freely Rupert what Lord HOLLAND called
their mural assistance, and, in fact, in such a mat-
ter the very neutrality of Great Britain is to the
oppressors au assurance of succe►s. SOLON, in his
code of laws for the government of Athens, de-
creed that the man should be declared lid...mous who
in the event of a public commotion should termini
neuter. A like infamy ought red mu•t attach to
every Government which r•alsaly surveys II conspiracy
of great Powers to oppre►s a weaker, and affects to
justify its apathy under the pretence of neutrality.
Why nas the balance of power ever imagined, or
meek the boast of modern policy, if, in circum-
stances of such a nature, any ['ewer in Europe
should shroud itself in the maut le of iteutrslity, and,
affecting to preserve inviolate the principle of -
interferelice. should at the same time suffer other
Powers to set it at defiance ?

Lord Flol.►JND, in the debate on Tuesday night,
noticed one secret article of the Treaty of June,
1815, by which the King of NANA.% had engaged
not to era r any changes to be made in the politi-
cal instil a of his kingdom inconsistent with
the monarchical principle. We have heard that to
the same Tieaty there was a second secret article,
by which the King of NAPLES ►tipulated to pay to
Austria a considerable sum of money annually, by
way of recompense for the exertions made by the
Cabinet of Vienna in restoring his MAJESTY to
his Throne. If this statement be correct, it will
quickly account for the indignation of Austria at
the mesumptioti of the people of Naples in cluing-
log their system of government. Austria could
mitt hr expected to view with favourable ryes any
alterations that most have the effect of depriving
her of so coinfortable a source of revenue.

A Flmottets Moil arrived last night with Papers
to the 43d inst. Tb- following is ■n extrset

■aUL)N, JAN VARY 20.
Viscount Chateaul►riaod, the new French Ambassador to
oar Court, is arrived here from Paris.
The official Gazcite announces that the great commercial
house or Birkuer and Co. has stopped payment.

The Paris Papers of the 23d arrivrd at a late
hoar last night. M►. CANNING arr.ved on Sunday
in Paris. The King of Puussia, had not Irft
Berlin on the 12th. for Layh,ach, as stated in the
German Journal,.—The Five per Cent. Comois
are 811 fr. ; Bank Actions, 1,480 fr.

The K !No's Speech from the Throne apprised the
natiou that the revenue* of Ireland had, during the
Zest year. experienced a considerable diminution, as
compared with the produce of the year preceding.
'nu. ...lint. hare been published by order of
the [louse of Commons. The followiog is an ob-
struct of the produce of the yeara rind quarters end-
ed ►espectively on the sth of January, 1820, and
sth of January, fait :

Quarter. rear.
8110 Jimmy, 1810 £1,013,170 £1,251,902
lB2l
The deficiency exitts in ercry branch of the
revenue.

Lord ERSKINE nrcsroted to his MAJESTY Id the
Levee yesterday A ddres %PS front the following towns,
&c. in:13111g Inv !MAJESTY to disMikis his Dliuicirn
I. hp, CoIuRCII% invsence for ever

B gh of Lirkeniii, Tuwo of Blandfurd-Forom,
Dotsitiele of Minion, rottil of Chipping-Sudbury,
Borough of Without I, Twu Noising in the City of
Tuysii ui Wiroliboiolv, Bristol.
Admiral Sir AISXANDER COCHRANE succreds
Lord Exttourft iu the cour.e tit a few ,Igyg Ma
Co tttttt at Plymouth ; and Captain
SELENE es appoiffird Flag Captain.
It is expected lino Sir FRANDIS BURDETT will
be brought up for judgm,ot ou Monday.
Extract from the Demeiuty leoyalGazette of the
Web Pliivember lam v.+.

" risoltion.--llie Pelitims of Alexander Mackenzie, Esq.
by whirls he prayed to l.r wlw,utrd to llw Full Bar as a Prac-
titioner (she duciinients hod lIIIrt with whirls gorse held so
raids him to make sunk spoliation), having, at the last
hitting of the Honour:dile the Court of /uglier, bra taken
sow esraideration, the same was then Misled.

" said Alexiiider Mackenzie, Emu therefore, was this
Jay sworn in by his Homier the President ; and .0 penons
are beroboy rewired to respect the paid Alexander Marko.-
loop Esq brie, capacity aforesaid.
" Courl-lionse, Grans Town, Denman,
14th Nuvember, 1810%
"
44 W. J. ARMSTRONG, lola. Drp,Sec."

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF CHANCERY, famous's INN,
FRIDAY, J♦/VARY 26.

••-••••
tR Tat MATTER or Tilt mrcrinw or ♦ PROIDITT

1111AITSIL •IP queries cmorsamor,

The arguments of Counsel in this (aw, which had occu-
pied the Court four days, having concluded yesterday,
The LOUD CHARICLILLOR ohavrved this day, that having
been detained last night lowr iu the House of Lords than
he (append, he was not Ash. to rrad the affidavits with the
attention they ilesvrvrd, bat he had seen suffizicut of them
to mariner him, that it was his duty to hear his Majesty's
Attorney-General in support of the rights of the nowt' as
Visitant, hefoie he came to is decision ; for if the electiun of
the Piraident Master was void, the Crown might have ill
interest in the appointment of another, lie would, there-
fore, hear the Attorney-General on this point ou Tuesday
wevlt.
further argument postponed.

COURT OF KING'S lumen, WEBYRINSTRIt,
FRIDAY, IAtU•RY 26.

TINS ZING V. [VANS.

Mr. J. M./Luaus moved (or a certiorari lo remove for
trial this indictment against the Editor of the Muneketter
Observer, (ions the local jurisdiction to this Court. The
appliestiosi was pomaded on the affidavit of the Defendant,
who swot* that, from the political prejudices prevailing at
Manchester against him, it was rut likely he wonid there
obtain a fair and impartial trial.

Mr. Justice Reim conceived that the affihisit of 16e De.
fendant did not stale sufficient to auuburizr the tremolosl of
the case into this Court. The beffil of the Dsfresdnut that
be would nut obtain a fair trial oaa out of itself (sough.
Rule refused.
