sofficiendy disguised
.ountenanoe, sad an
after passing, tell
cargo, and crew behig ,
,t sea,) had ma ried a second _ ;
left apprentice to the bookbinding business, now kept a
bookedling and stations shop, in which he was assisted
•
by a daughter. '
The liberaterllcaptive sought out and entered the shop,
and on pretence of being recommended to a bed, invited
himself home with them in the evening, and there found
his Jean and her new husband, enjoying themselves
wand the domestic hearth. After some circumlocution
and preparing the way, be berosieed (naming his wife) if
such a woman still lived in tbe place, and If she did, he
had some intelligence et her husband to communicate.
The question, under the present circumetances of the familys
rather alarmed than pleased, and caused the stranger to be
looked upon with suspicion, as meaning to impose on them
At length, assuming the well-known .ock and tone of un-
diminished affection, he appealed to his Jean if she did not
recognize him under all his concealment. The appeal was
not made in vain ; the recognition was on both sides tender
end affecting. On being asked to which of the two hus-
bands she chose to attach herself, the " wife of two hus-
bands" emphatically exclaimed that Willie (the first
husband) had been the betrothed of her youth, her first
love, and the parent of her children, and now that he was,
as it were, restored to her from the dead, her choice was to
be his for life and death. The second husband having had
it put id his option, by the real Rudman, to appropriate
what he could justly elaim,•neteil extrerilely honourable.
choosing nothing save a gold, watch he himself hail presented
to diesuppoard widow when he wedded her, and on its being
restored, left the house, town, and that district of country,
never since having been either seen or heard of. The pro-,
minent actor in this little interesting drama has now •
vessel of his own, and is occasionall • in the habit, in pur-
suance of his marine occupation, of visiting the port of
Perth, and tells the tale of his romantic adventure as it
really occurred, with an amusing pleasantry and original
simplicity.—Perils Lburier.

CRICKET MATCH FOiOViTHOUSAND SO.
FAREIGNS.

The Return Match between the Hampshire and Sussex Clubs
commenced on Monday in Hmmithill Park. In the presume of a
int great assemblage of miters. Several of the players have been
changed, and the play his in consequence been inferior to that in
the lint game. 3. Broadbridge's batting and bowling is greatly
rnisseil by the Sussex gentlemen, whose scoring, it will be seen,
has fallen short of the match in Petworth Park. The following is
*statement of the first innings, which was played on Mouthy
chit second was begun in the evening, but could not be con-
dulled :-
11A5IPSHIRE.
FIRST INNINGS.
Mr. Deeds; b. W. Broad.
knee, . . . 6
Rh E. Knight, b. Serie . 3
Ilk E. Jollttfe, run out . 8
Mt. T. Beagley, b. Serie . 0
Alt. Crimble, s. Hooker 12
Alt. rooter, e. Thumwocd 3
Mr. J. Bagley. run out . 25
51r. H. Knight. b. Serle . 0
Mr. :Maynard, b. Hooker . 10
Sir. Roberts, b. Serie .
3lr. Burt, not out . 0
Byes - . 0

St'SSEX.
TIEST INNINGS.
Mr. Hill, b. Burt . . 6
Mr. Light. LJ. Beagley - 6
Mr. !looker, run out - 4
Mr. W. Broadbrido, c.
Maynard . 5
Mr. Warren, e Crimbla - 1
Mr. C. Dilloway, not out - 15
Mr. J. Thuniwood, a. J.
Beagle y - 0
Mr. Bayley, e. Roberts -
Mr. J.Dilloway, e.J. Beag-
ley . -
Mr. Serie, b. Deedee -12
Mr. Ayling, e. Roberts . I
Ryes - -

- 1
71 I
I

LIVERPOOL, 11forcnay Ersxzwn.
Wind N.W. fair, blowing fresh—High Water 43 tn. P. 11.
Arrived the Mary Caitherise. Price, front Charleston, Railed 20th
July ; Frederic, Punton. from Borne; Smyrna. Pane, from Zante
and Falmouth; Brothers, Jarri., from Salcombe.
Ths Sam Brown, Reed, fur 51tramichi ; Concord, Addison. for
Quebec; Blucher, Block, for Miramithi ; sailed from hence I Itb
I wt.. have tome back.
A vessel with cattle is reported to have been lost on Saturday
won.
c~fhe Otter, Simpson, heoce for Africa, was totally lot 14th inst.
Southport—crew sere.

CITY Or LONDON LITIA•AY AND SCINNTIFIC INITI.•
V;IION—Thia Institution, which 'trendy consist• of • body of
from live to six hundred young men, belonging to the most respect-
able holism in the metropolis, and bids fair to be as flotufshing
the 31e,:hanics* Institut-, is now in active operation. Scientific
lecture. are delivered twiee a week at Albien-hall. At the lecture
tlel:ve:eil on Mno4ay lair by Dr. James Mitchell, on the subject
of the terrestrial globe, there was exhibited a globe which had been
Lutihel for the occaeion by Mr. Addition, the King's globe maker,
and wh:cb is allowed to be a chef crone. It is no lees than thirty-
'z
en inches in diameter, and as the surfaces of globes are in propor- ,
to the squares of the diameter, its surface is nine times SR great ,
Is the twelve inch globes, and nearly three times as great as the
israty.one inch globe, the largest made in the metropolis. The
toes: globe In the world is the one in the Royal Library at Paris ;
tilt. however, is not covered with an engraved map, but is rudely
Nutted at d gilt, and can serve only for show. Institutions on the
Piss th's:lnititution, tarried on by the co-operation of persons en.
esta uncommercial or professional avocations, having for their
"Steel the ciltivonon of different branches of literature or eelence,
to th'se chiefly attended to by the mechanics, are now, we under.
Kan!, forming in several country towns.
rsito St a's I xi:prat...Last night, about eight o'clock,
inquisition was held before T. Shelton. Esq.. at St. Bartheilo-
r'en's Hospital. upon view of the body of Mary Rosling, a mar.
tettl aoruao, about 3G years of age. It appeared trom the
!'lnly of several witnesses that the deceased was a woman of
4`Pt"esi morals, and much addicted to drink. Mr. W. Birch,
of the attending surgeons at the hospital, said the deceased had
u.'r:l brought in there so last Thursday evening. and died the fol.
Innrsilg; that she had been subsecluently opened, and
,torn the tfrusion of blood on her brain, he bad no doubt but she
eel her .1e4,11 by ;inspires, The Coroner summed up the evidence,.
£
.1
, .etary without holistic:in returned a sertlact—" Died by
ittlttesy•'

..., smuggling
system is safely , . on by the insurance of the
machinery which is prohibited by law to be exported; and
there fs-reason to behave, that in regard to the exportation,
of such prohibited machinery to France, the premium paid'
to the insurer does not much exceed the duty char gni Cm
the importation of such machinery into that couutry.
Your Coonskin cannot better express themselves on
these subjects than by extracting a part of the evidence
taken :
" Ceuld you at the present moment, if you wished to
cotton or other machinery, do so by paying the insurance T-.eireg
,any quantity; the greater the Netter.
" Then arc you of opinion that the laws are not effectual
. event those articles- that are prohibited from being ex-
?—They are wholly inefficient, both as regards direct and in.
exportation ; the direct mode of sending out machinery in
ties I bare stated ; the indirect mode Is acoornpfiebed b
lag the prohibited with the unprohibited articles 1 it is Worth
any map's while to order a quantity al unpaohibitod machinery to
fet out a quantity of prohibited, for under thismode it is very dif-
cult to separate prohibited from unprohlbited machinery, and this
never an be detected by custom-house officers.
'•;•issaaeeteftile the exportation of machinery and tools to any ex-
" Idsred, it is impossible to preemie the exportation of pro-
hislialtichineryt-,-Yee never can prohibit every kind of mein-
' eery going. while you permit any to go; It must either be
*holly open or whOy closed ; there can be no middle course.
.- What is the bkhest rata at isaraniaa• Po lip are transit of
rdairkiligri=:tir hiteriatey-fitrbe to that ha come to
zette
is
large Imierifbet- etirerabil quantities ; if I had 90,0001. worth to
;end I shotild pay thirty per cent. to any port in France ; but rot
1,0001. or 1,6001. perhaps forty per cent. would be required; the
reason is, that a vessel engaged in such commerce is subject to alt
the meonveniencies in taking 1.0001. worth that it would for
20.0001., and the profit on small quantities of machinery is not
alultalent to the increased price of insurance.
Do ysu know how persons export prohibited machinery 2-1
kniow of-no other means than those I have explained. A circum-
stance, that is, perhaps, a little curious, tame to my kuorriodge,
that the officers, two or three years ago. actually seized a quaellty
of machinery going to France, and sass of that machinery was
sold at the Custom-house, and benagia,maddent there to the person
afterwards in France, who originally Woe* it, and that transac-
tion, I understand, took place last yeast soll.l Wier/ the Govern-
ment and the Custom-house empl ed Vise diligence, but the
plans of the shippers were so All the precaution and
diligence of the Custom-hewer woo dm wistriag."
Evidence was given before ghe.Committee of 18524, and
also before this Committee, *it a considerable portion of
prohibited machinery consists of such ordinary and common
parts and pieces of machines, applicable Re well to machines
which are not by law prohibited, u to those which are
prohibited, so that it is difficult, if not nearly impossible,
for any one to say that they are actually parts of a prohi-
bited machine. Other machines or parts of machines may
he disguised; many parts of prohibited machines are so
small that they may be easily concealed, while other parts
by being pocked with tools that can be exported, and also
by exporting them from different ports, may be so disposed
of as to render detection impossible.
" There ars east numbers of packages," eays Mr. St. John,
Controlling Searcher of the Customs in London, . which we open,
where there are yens of machinery picked with iron and steel
articles from Birmingham, purposely packed for deception ; and It
is almost an impossibility for an officer to know whether they an
or are not prohibited, being only parts of machinery." To the
same effect it is stated by Mr. Boyd, General Surveyor of the
Customs—" Out of a vast number of packages exported but a
small proportion can be opened at all ; and in opening a proportion
of those packages occasionally, they do discover something that is
machinery; but it is always in detached pieces and in parts; large
machines cannot all be made up in one package, and they hare a
great deal of difficulty in telling whether those proportions belong
to a machine that is prohibited, and a great many pass In
packages which are not opened, because they cannot be opened.
It is a very rare occurrence indeed to meet with prohibited ma-
chinery which appears so."
It is, however, asserted by Mr. Ewart and Mr. Ken-
nedy, Aar if the searchers at the custom-houses were well
inattucted, that they might distinguish the prohibited from
the unproltibited machinery, admitting at the same time,
however, that it would be difficult to put the law rigidly
into effect.
Considerable discrepancies in the laws were also pointed
out by the officers of the customs and other witnesses:
deny/trews of all sorts in metal, with or without the,
screw, is a prohibited tool, but the screw alone is
(not a prohibited tool ; and hence it follows, that no-
thing belonging to a press is prohibited, except the
frame, which is the least important part, and that too,
1 when sent in pieces, which it may be, is not considered i
frame. In other cases tools and machines are prohibited,
but the tools to make them arc not generally prohibited.
Lathes, with the exception of pottcrs lathes, are not pro-
• hibited, be their powers ever so great. Steam engines are
not prohibited, and yet by means of steam engines and
lathes, with other common tools allowed to be exported,
' almost every other tool and machine may be manufactured.
It was stated to the Committee, that newly invented Ma-
chines in the iron or steel manufacture, might generally be
exported, but that those in the cotton, woollen, linen or
silk, if known, would be prohibited; and all the gentlemen
from the Custotn-house affirmed that the law was so defec-
tive, that, by a little contrivance, the facility of evading it'
was such, that " all the block machinery at Portsmouthl
might be exported."
Much more might be stated from the evidence on Mg
subject ; but enough, it is hoped, has been brought for-1
ward to show the ineflicieney of the laws intended to pre-
vent the exportation of machinery and tools ; and it must
be evident to every one, that laws that cannot be executed
and thereby become an incentive to fraud, ought either to'
be mended so as to render them efficient, of !Chilly re- I
pealed.
Another important part o! the inquiry ratites to the

appears
of 1750, prohibiting dm exportation of tools or utensils
'used in the woollen trade, there is most unaccountably in-
I eluded a prohibitioo of the tools or utensils employed in the
silk trade, although at that petiod, the manufacture of'silk
in this country was still in its infancy, and the implements
and tools in use in Great Britain confessedly inferior to
those on the Continent.
It will be in the'reeollection of the House, that one of
the principal objections made in the last Sseaion of Parlia-
ment to the importation of Silk manufactures, was the
alleged superiority in implements and tools possessed by
the manufacturers on the Dominant; a strong proof, in the
opluion of your Committee, of the folly of prohibiting by
lin Act of 1750, what there could not be the smallest in-
ent to export, and of the total abeence of any sound
principles or correct detain the commercial legislation of
ajant period.
The 14th Geo. 111. c. 71, (1774), the next Act on the
Statute-book, exhibits a similar inconsistency in prohibit-
ing the tools and utensils used in the cotton and linen manu-
factures, or a mixture of either. It is well known that in
trance, Germany, and 'Other parts of Europe, the linen
"rade bad arrived pt a very high
,elcgree of perfection, and
Inn, whatever premien-As might havebeen deemed neces-,
kin regsrd. to
_wigs/sentiments beerturn Intoisinery,
slrtoof or utensil possessed by Great Britain at that period,
for the manufacture of linen, could have been an object of
importation on the Continent.
Your Committee cannot pass over the Act of the follow-
ing year, 13th Geo. 111. c. 5, (1775), without observing,
that it permits the exportation of wool cards, or stock cards,
and spinners cards, to the British colonies in North Ame-
rica; because, says the Act, " the prohibition to export
them had proved extremely prejudicial to great numbers of
poor families in England.' And your Committee may be
permitted to remark, that every prohibition of the same
kind, if not followed by the same consequences, has at least
been productive of no apparent benefit to any part of the
community.
Although actual injury to the industry of the country
had thus become evident, in one branch, from restraining
exportation, the Legislature, in compliance with the appli-
cation of several manufacturers, proceeded, by the gist
Ceo. 111. c. 37, (178 i), in the spirit of former enactments,
to forbid, not only the exportation of all tools, but also of
all models and plans connected with the wool, cotton,
linen, or silk manufactures, under a penalty of 2001. for
each offence, and the forfeiture of all articles, so prohibited,
if attempted to be exported.
A further prohibition took place in 1784, by the 2211
Geo. 111. c. 60, of all blocks, plates, engines, tools, &c.
used in the calico, cotton, muslin or linen printing manu-
factures; and in 178.1, by 2.5 th Geo. 111, c. 67, the iron
and steel manufactures appear, for the first time, to have
occupied the attention of the Legislature, and a long list
of tools and utensils, including, in fact, almost every tool
or utensil that could be used " in repairing, working,
finishing or completing the iron and steel manufactures of
this kingdom, by whatever name or names soever the same
shall he called or known, now or any time hereafter, and
also of any models or plans of any such tool, utensil or
implement," under severe penalties, as if to prevent the in-
dustry of the country from being employed in the manu-
facture of any of those numerous articles required for any
other part of the world than the United Kingdom.
That Act would appear, however, to have bad a part'.
elder reference to the button and buckle trade, which the
Legislature seems to have been anxious to monopolise for
this country, as almost every tool employed in their manu-
facture (as will be seen in the Appendix), is especially
designated; but the buckle trade may be said to have
entirely ceased along with the fashion which gave it birth,
notwithstauding these holstering precautions. With re-
spect to the button trade, great improvements have been
made in these kinds used for home consumption ; and
though our manufacture of them is equal, if not superior,
to any in Europe, yet it appears, by the evidence of Mr.
Osier,
.from Birmingham, that he fancy button trade it
almost entirely lost in this country, notwithstanding the.
precautions of this Act to retain it. from his statement,
on the authority of Mr. Ledsam, one of the largest button
manufacturers in Europe, it would appear that England at
one period supplied France, Germany, Italy, and Switzer.
land with buttons ; and that in Birmingham alone RO,OOO-
- were made every week for the foreign market. The
reasons assigned by Mr. Osier for the loss of that trade,
partly explain the cause; namely, that copper could be
obtained on the Continent at 60 pet cent. less than in
England, owing to the protecting duties Imposed iu favour
of the mining interests in Cornwall ; and that the stamp
duty on silver, and other charges, raised the price of the
article so as to render competition with the French and
other manufacturers, utterly impossible: an additional-
proof, if any were required, that the low price of any
article of equal quality, is a better security for an extended
market, than any legislative restriction on exportation of
the tools employed in its manufacture.
Your Committee have deemed it proper to notice this
Act (with Gco. 111, c. 670 the more particularly, as being
the most comprehensive and sweeping in its enactments
against the exportation of tools, in order that the House
may judge of the inconsiderate manner in which it most
have been passed, as by the Acts of the following year (26th
Geo. 111, c. 76 and b 9), it is repealed, and another long
list of exemptions, (inserted in the Appendix) enumerated,
which render the law at present so complicated, that, ex-

of the difficulty of discriminating the particular
tnachinery, *tamed in the evidences, it is extremely
t, if not impdssible, to ascertain what are and what
prohibited. , 1
deserving of notfee, that by the 26th Geo. 111, c.
'B6), it is declared that, " as theesportation of moll
_ to North America had been beneficial to this'
country, and as the allowing of a general exportation
thereof to foreign parts will he highly serviceable to a great
number of poor families in England, employed in the trade
making such wool cards," the same were then and are
Av allowed to be exported to all parts of tile world.
Neither the grounds on which these Acts were
I repealed, nor the advantages expected to be passed
i them, appear to hale been 1.211 understood. as by
t.ttli (c. 67.) the prohibition was perpetual, whilst by
26th (c. 89.), it was provided that the prohibition
'.l only continue in force till the end of the next Soh.'
Parliament, and no longer.
Committee beg leave to state their opinion, doll
,in laws which regulate the export And import of
article, should be made as seldom as possible, as by
change new establishments and cdntlections in Com-
• must necessarily be formed; and exclusive of the
' capital consequent thereon, the uncertainty to which
ire rise in the minds of merchants and manure&
must greatly tend to impede the commerce end
the prosperity of the country. Many able and ihtel-
men have even gone so far as to assert, that it is
.such better to submit to inconvenience and loss than
make a sudden change in any extensive branch of the
industry of the country, although that change might ulti-
mately remove the inconvenience and loss suffered; yet so
alias the uncertainty been as to what line of conducts
Legislature would ultimately pursue, that' the Stasolt
'• affortla, in the instance of machinery, a notable e
of the total want of any fixed principle; exhibitit4
• same year, one Act to permit the exportation of i
tools, because their prohibition bad proved Was
to the industrious classes of the conottunity r end,
prohibiting the exportation of other kinds, be..
cause.such exportation was considered to be detrimental
-"-- provisions of thar Act, which would have expired
.7, were continued from year to year by the 27th,
I, 29th, 80th, 31st, 32d, 33(1, 34th, till, by the, 3.Stli
to. 111. c. 38, it was rendered perpetual.
These Acts also prohibit the exportation of an tools,
implements, and machines, used in coining money, al-
' it would be extremely difficult to shots why any
should have impediments thrown in its way for
,4 money for its own use, or what possible injury this
country could sustain from supplying other nations with
- - various and expensive machinery which is necessary in
quantities to the establishment of mints. No per-
on, however, appears to have been granted by legisla-
authority for this purpose, except in one solitary in-
,nce, namely, in that of Mr. Matthew Bolton, an engineer
; Birmingham, who by the 39th Geo. 111, c. 96. (1799)
mu permitted to export the machinery necessary for the
erection of a mint in the dominions of the Emperor of
. and to send workmen there to erect the same.
Majesty's Government, as appears by the evidence,
under the exigencies of the case, thought it right
time to time, on speehtl applications, to grant licentes
se exportation of different articles of machinery to,
various parts of the world.
The Committee, in 1924, examined many practical men,
for the purpose of ascertaining bow far, in their opinion,
the prosperity of our manufactures had been promoted by,
the laws which prohibit the exportation of tools and
machinery, and how far the improvement of the manufac-
tures of other countries had been thereby retarded. Many
of these witnesses were of opinion, that considerable advan-
tage had accrued to this country from the protection which
these prohibitory laws gave to our manufactures, by their
operation in preventing foreign nations from becoming our
rivals in several branches of manufactures: but a eareful
perusal of their evidence will best show the grounds on
which those opinions are founded. - • ..* •••
In addition to the examination of persons practically
conversant with machinery and manufactures, that Com-
mittee called before them, autl examined, two gentlemen
eminently qualified to determine, on general principles,
the policy of prohibiting the exportation of tools and ma-
chines. •Thesegentletnen gave their reasons at ledeth for
believing the prohibition to export tools and machines to
be injurious to the commerce and manufactures of this
cook, inasmuch as we thereby shut ourselves out f
It no, branch of business whieltwould give emplortient
rol4
a largo number of our people, increase our own capebiliti
adaeonsiderebly to the amount of our productions, an '
consequently to the increase of capital: particularly so, as
the materials of which tools and machinery are made are
almost entirely the products of our own soil, and may be
procured by the labour of our own people in unlimited
quantities.
Your Committee beg leave, however, to call the attention
of the House more particularly to their evidence, which
contains matter of the greatest importance, as it explains
many of the grounds on which, in the opinion of those gen-
tlemen, commercial intercourse, in order to be prosperous,
,should be founded.

Another circun.stance of some moment, to which your
Committee beg leave to request the attention of the House,
is the commercial jealousy which the prohibition to export
tools and machines is calculated to perpetuate, and the
effect which the repeal of these laws would produce on the;
policy of other nations towards us, and how far the removiL
of all such causes of jealousy would operate in respect hat
many regulations and restrictions now existing on corn:
merce, which the members of every enlightened govern-
ment mint necessarily wish to see removed, and which
the Legislature appears to have had in view in the late
various important alterations in the commercial relations of
this country.

(To be concluded to-morrow.)

EDUCATION IN THE HIGHLAND&

The Report of the Committee of the General Assembly,
with respect to the state of education in the Highlands and
islands of Scotland, has been published. It contains a la-
mentable picture of the deficiency of this important acqui-
sition in some of the most remote districts. In ten synods,
mostly lowland, the means of education are considered
' nearly, if not altogether, adequate to the wants of the po-
pulation; but in the remaining six synods, including 143
parishes and 377,730 persons, there is a want of 250 addi-
tional schools to educate the people under 15 years of age.
It is however to be considered that there are vast numbers
above that age wholly illiterate.
It is also very difficult for all the inhabitants of many
parishes to receive the benefits of religious instruction. The
extent of many parishes, the impassable mountains, and
arms of the sea by which they are intersected, some of them
also consisting of clusters of islands, puts it out of the power
of the clergyman to be so frequent in his visitations as either
he or his parishioners would wish. To remedy this the
Committee of Assembly propose the appointment of 130
catechists, to go round among the people to instruct them
ill the principles of religion.
This gloomy picture, however, is relieved by the ]addable
anxiety that exists among the people themselves to possess
the benefits of education. The Report mentions instances
rof parents parting with their best clothes in order to pro-
cure the means of educating their children. In other cases
the inhabitants of a glen sometimes subscribe to send one
of their boys to school, and lie in his turn instructs the
others in the evening. The beautiful ancient story of the
Grecian daughter seems revived in an improved form in the
spectacle frequently exhibited in these solitary wilds, of the
illiterate parents listening to the sacred Scriptures read by
their educated child. _

These traits in the Highland character are more descry-
ing the attention of both the philosopher and the statesman
than many of the other peculiarities which are frequently
brought forward. How much more worthy of considera-
tion and encouragement are such feelings than those which
form the subject of inquiry of many who profess an at-
tachment to the manners and customs of the Highlands,
and whose whole researches begin and end in some trifling
details respecting the notes of some Chieftain's pihrods, or
the checks of some clansman's tartan.—Glitrg,otv Journal.

The case of Bell r. Hill (a Methodist preacher), for de-
famation, tried at York Assizes, and in which a venlict of
Mot. was obtained, has been investigated at she annual
conference of preachers in that connexion, and the Bet, de-
fendant ordered to be publicly censured, in the presen4.l
him brethren, and to be suspended—not from preacher
but from acting as a superintendent—for five years.

• -
EXPLOSION OF POWDER-MILI.S IN REPORT policy, in a politica end mentnereial tic*, of jaroltibiting elusive
.FYIJIMS. . PROACTIIE BELECT COM SUTTEE ON mit LAW !the expansticia of web end winadnery, upon the supposi- ',kinds of
_........._-- BELA INO TO THE EXPORT Of TOOLS AND tion that the laws be reutlered efficient to that end. difficult,
• The Jeered et Indre A Loire contains She fellewing details MACHINERY.
' • And here your Can *es beg leave to observe that at the are not 1
--.....
of the horwrpiA accident which happened et the powder- The Select Committee appointed w Inquire into the ewe of the dams when the save land were Made which 'prohibit the It is c
mills of eareeleagnes from Toot. :v-- Law and its consequences respecting the exportation of tools and exportation of tools a* machinery Tay erroneous notions 76 (1781
eAt five minutes after one in the afternoon one of the asirectrz,Landta who were empowered, to report the Minutes of were generally entert4no in regard'
to commerce and ma- cards It
workshops where the powder is corned blew up at the very of the House, evanced
ihthem se-hsve, pursuant to the Order
aufactures. It was that a received opinion that the liberty country,
h e matters to them tefened, and hats Meant twelve of the workmen were returning into it after upon the fottostlng Report.of -exporting any tither that was likely to increase the thereof I
diner. These twelve unfortunate men are almost all reedt is necessary, for the purpose of reporting (telly to the commerce and manufactures of Another muntry, Would be number
fathers of families; their limbs were scattered abroad
_to House on this subject, to advert to the proceedings of the injurious to those of the Country from which the eeporta- of make
great distances; some were found among some poplars 100 Committee, appointed in the last Session e to inquire auto tion was made • sod hence arose those various ensainents now alio
pica o@: The explosion was so loud that it was heard at the state of the law in the United Kingdom, and its con- respecting trade, as well as those width prohibit the ex- Neill' more than six leagues from the place. The suck was so sequences, respecting artisans leaving the kingdom'and re• pot talon of tools and machinery frost the United Kings and type
great that doors and windows were shaken by at Tours, siding abroad ; also Into -the state of the law and its cotter- don. from th
and even some panes of the glass broken. quences respecting the exportation of tools and machinery; The. history of the Acts which still remain on the the led This building, which contained three thousand weight and into the state of the law and its effects, so fat at relates to Statute Book, relating to the expottation of tools and ma- the 26tt of powder. has entirely disappeared, and it is with (life- the combination of workmen and others to raise wages, or to chinery, would,if unfolded, show, both ftom the intervals of should o
eulty that the foundations can be discovered. A magazine regulate their wages and hours elf working, and to report time which elapsed between the passing of these Acts, sion of I
in which twenty-five thousand weight of powder was de- their opinion and observations thereon." From the Minutes and the perplexity which prevails in the enactments Your
pelted, and whiCh was at a distance of about a hundred
of Evidence taken before that Committee it appears, that a themselves as to *bet mayor may not be exported, that changes
gam, has been ouch damaged; the roof has entirely given considerable number of persons wens examined respecting no fixed principle was kept in view, but that they were any are( ',ay under the fall of the beams and other parts of the the exportation of tools and machinery, and the laws re- dictated by a mistaken jerdensy of permitting other nations any clia
nee. The shock. was so felt thaw that all the powder lating thereto, sod that considerable apprehensions of evil to benefit by oar . ts. In order, hoWever, to merce mw
as shaken out of the barrels in which it was contained, from the repeal if the laws which forbulthe exportation of draw the attendee House more particularly to the loss of c
The tenions.eusPleiyal ahqut the Ripault ertattazine, NE tools and machinery were entertained b;7many persons en_ present state' a the w respecting the exportation of they h'il
itzlemen
of courage and devotedness, loptened immediately to pump gage.) in the manufacture of mita' goods, lace, &c. and tools and machinery, your Committee have deemed it curers n
upon the magazine; and it is perisaps to this act of devo- also by some manufacturers ofenachinery, %sliest other ma- Proper to put, in an Appendix to their Report, the various check th
ton that may be ascribed the preservation of that malni- nufacturers of machinery, persona of great experience and clauses of the existing Statutes relating to this subject; the ligent m
titan establishmeet, the dune of its kind, perhaps, which intelligence, were decidedly of opinion that the prohibition slightest attention to which, in the ()pinion of your Com- often ins
at present exists in Etiolate • to export tools and machines was beneficial to no one, and ramie will he sufficient to confirm the observations which to make
The imaginal* k startled at tie hart *taught* of highly injurious to the eenneetee and manufactures of this they have thought proper to make upon them and the re- industry
the calamities witinktekellid have followed the implosion of and other countries. The Committee, therefore, in order commendation with Which they have closed their Report. mately n
these twenty-five tbotomed weightier . , .
that a more correct judgment might be formed on matters The first act pointed out by the Commissioners of the great hat " The other msftiffillell'lind ea of eft bare of so much importance, refrained from proposing any urea- Customs, as a rule for-their conduct, is the 7th and 9th of the Legi
starred cdneldenthlilik train Of thesu ; the re to the House at that time, but came to the following William 111. (1695,e Waal the exportation of the new book aff( dwelling-houses of It.
.esate Chief Camminiary), Resolution :-- stocking frames (invesiteity William Lee, A.M. of Cam- ample of
pa of M. the Lieutenanl Petit' de Charlene,' (she *e That your Committee have examined evidence respecting the bridge, ;bout the year 100) was first prohibited, bring in the sa
Inapector), are no longer hahitible. The roof' are totally *sport at machinery, which will be round in tits appendix ; but about 100 years after 'belt invailion, and nearly 30 after kind of
escaped they are of opinion, that furter", inquiry and a more complete in-
deetrOred, DOT one of the window-frames has
their introductioo Into ae-msd it will be seen by Hole to
ion should take place, before this tmponant subject ins be ~e,_, • ,es
damage, and every.sibelow-pans is reduced to dust. =welly decided on ; amt they therefore recornmead. that the `ees- 9, suet eetie efi• 'Of these frames from place to another,
"In all likelihood the occasion of ice
explesion will* ..• , or tats important "mice should be „same mme abet be Egedatede • in all cases, unless due cauee.sui
~,......... .............e. A Ilel7 lingila causes . '.n of paelateente, • einatim was given to of Framework Knitters in and the i
. doer of the wake', being lien ill hi= thee •• ' rear/ to the brire es derbil;theasplireldoe of Lembo. It is spn . remote any of these stocking in 1787,
OM grails' Or 1iba..11001411 wind mid Ole • machinery, 161 inefficiency to 'ac- frames ..from one t
int to another, although it Seth, 291
straittit another, lily have Pedaled a apart which w• • . epee • the aids for which they were enacted, very toe- would be altogether int to give the notice required, Geo. 111 have occasional the explodon. dam* evidence was given by Mr. Dead, the Chairman of or to obtain such leave, as e nemeworl Knitters Corn- These
" Two persons only, oar a soldier stationed at Ripault, the Mini of Customs, by several of the principal officers pony has ceased to exiitiortmwards of half a century. implemet bore been berioutly wounded by the hang tubs of the of the Customs, and others. It is also worthy of observation; that although so early as though ii
bedding.". It-appears that in consequence of Lone tools and ma- the year 1447; woollen clogs was one of the greatest articles country 5
THR orrri OP IWO 11111111AN71.1.
ommemosememeatiem chi:ambling legally exportable, and others being altogether of expettuien, and is so considered in a supplementary coining n
—e prohibibl, and from the circumstance of mew tools and treaty of cm ometee otideltuled th in at year between Henry country c
The sailing master of a vessel to sport on the
. seem
machines being daily invented, and not prohibitaa by name VI ltd and the Asellffiike Philip, Sovereign of the Nether- the vario
bekassio. -
many Act of Parliament, it is extremely difficult, and lands; anal *ldiot* that manufacture continued to be a large qua
east coast of Scotland was, *a a ways.. to the Mediter-
tly impossible, for the officers of !tie Customs to staple of great importanat to this country, arising partly mission,
ranean, aptured by the Algerines, sad domisied in slavery
.
= what is and what is not prohibited to be ex- perhaps from the quality or the wool, and partly from the live auth
for eleven years • lye oftb -me ensployietet hard labour,
Ported. Ever one of the officers examined by the Corn. with a bullet nibs. Weight fettered f• olio/ big ankles,— • Y . improvements in our masatinery, yet no legislative enact- stance, m
mince promd the inadequacy of the laws for the purposes t was deemed necessary for its protection, as regarded of Birmii
till happily released from so painful a dossaien, in coons- intended, and expreesed their doubts as to the possibility t implements used, till the year 1750, when the 23e- was perrr
queues of the celebrated chastisement indicted on these of any law being rendered efficient, while any tool or ma- Geo. IL, c. 13, was pemed, in order to prohibit the ex- erection
barbarians by Admiral Lord Exmouth. R?turning to his
oboe whatsoever was permitted to be exported. It was portatiou of the tools or utensils employed in its fabricatioi. Russia, i
native town, safficiendy disguised in tattered apparel, a also
century proved by opera! witnesses, that considerable Yuan- An interval of mom than half a had thus elapsed, But his 1
toil-worn countenance, led an unshorn beard, he learnt that
his wife, after passing t titles of prohibited-machinery was exported ; and the during which period no interference on the part of the Le- have. um
(step, cargo, and crewab years in supposed widowhood, Minutes et Evidence aseennpanying this Report exhibit a gislature to prevent the exportation of any kind of tools, from time
hrbg conjectural to have perished
at sea,) had ma reed • second husband ; and that a son,system of ensugg to ling carried on to a considerable extent. appears have taken place. In the same Act, however, for the e]
left apprentice to the booksbindine business. now Lent n ..,..
Ime system is safely carried on by the insurance of the (of 1730_ nrnhihitino eh. —......,;-- ..e .......i_ ..,..—.:l_ •
