Eh"

~__

EL

~ ~

ADDRESSES TS THE QUEEN.

Yesterday was another they of triumph to our op-
presn-r1 sod persecuted Queen. The more time
there is allowed fur reflecting on the mode in which
the case has been got up against her, and for pan-
dering nn the evidseee ly which it has heels ate
tempted to support and make out that case, the
more firmly dues the conviction, not merely of her
iiiimeetice, hut of the mjeetiee with which she has
been assailed, root itself in the public mind, and the
more decided dots the expression of that conviction
become. It hail been announced that her Majesty
. would yesterday receive several of the Addresses
which had been voted to her from various places
since the closing of the case fur the prosecution,
end as It was anticipated that the deputations would
in some instances be snore numerous, and afford a
reader display thin aerial, the expectatiotss of the
pripte were considerably excited.
The morning proved uncommonly fine, which
added moth to the brilliance and festivity of the
'relic; few, bilked, of tile L lon folks could
vottoitatid the inducements to mating a holiday.
Ever! street and every alley sperting on the bite of
th. different prfe:essions became gralluilly crowded
Kith anxioni spectators. A comitiess mu:titude of
s 'locks of ryes)• description, front the burouche to
o:rei taxed cart, filled wish c pony, and an endless
ono% of pedestrians of sill classes, including a
yreat, r proportion of well-dressed people, femurs
Is particular, dons we remember to have observed
• n oily former occasion, were sees, filing Moog the
r. 1341 from Hyde l'srk Curlier to Ilratidenburgh
House, which at length presented to the view
one continuous moron; line of rpeetators. The
windows of every house were filled, and mostly
decorated wish boughs of laurel ; and the nom-
fir.r of flags, chiefly white, diipley-ed in ill&
-rent places, some be sring mottoes suitable so the
occisioo (such as '4 Inseeruce Triumphant"—
• Protertt.:4 fur the Oppressed"—•• Heuer* pro-
tect Me Irtuocewt"—•• God chlexd the QUM. r'i
I natty enhanced the gaiety of she scow. The
I u ober, who gained admittance to the bowls sold-
• trubbrry were immense, mid conduct-it them-
eelers in a nom. orderly mintier than on former
v.:easiohs. The Deputations appointed to con-
vey the Addresses to Britideribingli House, assem-
bled in their respective Committee-town% where
they were stiefided by vast crowds, who purposed
sit accompany them to the feet of her Majesty, with
the loyal and dutiful expressions of their respect
for her courage, and their sympathy in her suffer-
logs. The revers! Deputations proceeded towards
Brantletihurgh House, from their respective Com-
tooter rooms, taking various routes, and were
greeted throughout their progress wills the most en-
thusiastic cheers. expressive of the deepest sym-
pathy marl warmest approbation of congregated
ihousoodiof the thinking and well-informed of this
teoerniiii and eillightened people.
A hoist half-past twelve o'clock she bells of Flame
recremith Church, on the tower of which the white

•
ru•tgro of Britain was flying, ringing out a merry
1,e41, gave under of the approach of the Depsita.
tian from the Ward of Farringdon Without. The
rocession was headed by Alderman Waithman,
his private carriage, preceded Ivy fuer boodles on
Imscback. benring gilt OIaCOS, and resisted cf
male inhabitants of the ward, in twenty-four open
1-nrilati, drawn by four hones each, and ten car-
t' gees .dell pairs.
The 1.-bowing is her Majesty's Answer to their
Address :

The Inhabitants of the Ward of Farringdon Without have
Imiß *brims theuvelves the friends of liberty and the enemies
larappreassun. It gives nse,tlwrefoic, great pleasure form...ire
th:s animated, cotaMitutiunal, anal affectionate Address funs
a •i mna of 11w metropolis whose principles are so congenial
u •Ih my own.
The warm, indeed the unexampled sympathy which I have
it ape-rimmed un the part of the British people, has nut only
►nrviatul my !inferiors, but has added strength in that for-
-1; rode which the interval sentiments of integrity would never
utTer to languish in my heart. At the sum: time, if Ido out
feel, perliapa I ought in feel more gratitrde than resentment
towards nay enemies, for the wrongs which they have codes.
mired to heap upon me, when I irmisider thel Muse wrongs
ate likely, under the direction of a otsperiotendiox Prowl.
deuce, to amist the nation in the recovery of its cooliti-

to ',moil rights and liberties.
The people of Lugland are now strongly convinced that
the srxemn •ACIIOIn is not merely attempting to deprive
me of my honour or my rights, but is, through me, aiming
• fatal blow at the rights of every individual in these realtna.
My des,rart Ma would prepare the way fur the destructin■ of
public liberty. My cause, therefore, has become every man 'a
cause. it is, indeed, t►e cause of all chimer ; of the high
and the low, of the peer and the peewit, of the rich and the
poor; fur, to which of tKeae claws is a free constitution
out p benefit' or. to whom is it ant a blearing to be lode.
pendent and free' But if my rights are once sacrilked at
ti.e shrine of tyranny, liberty will soon become only a name.
It will, at least for a time, be buried in my tomb. It will,
indeed, revive; for, it is an imiestructible ewer.: ; and,
while moo exists upon the earth, it cannot be entirely de.
sinned. But it may suffer a temporary extinction of its
spirit, or a paralysis of its powers.
Anarchy a the greatest of all evils; but anarchy is usually
the climax of bad government. Bad government sacrifices
the intere■ts of the many to that of the few, till the very
elements of the social scheme, wautinc the strong cement of .
the common good, are so shattered and disjointed, that they
cat, hardly be held together by any principle from wiuhin,
or any pow. r from without. The vessel of the Smite is then
cart, for a time, like tt scattered wreck upon the waters of
strife.
lithe pimple a-k me " What are we to do in the present
peril of the Constitution ?" I answer; My people, my f Mods,
my children—be united, be temperate, be firm. Let justice
he your constant guide, your regulating principle. Suffer
not yourselves to be hurried into the approbation of any
measures, however specious they may seem, that have nut
justice for their beginning, and the genre& welfare fur their
end.
Let liberty he the object of yowr unfeigned devotion, your
ssoboundrd love; ►nt on one side of liberty place justice,
and on the other humanity. Without these two fair saw.
Mies, liberty is apt to become a devaatatiag tempest, or a
consumiug
- - - - - - - - - •

At one o'clock the Spits!fields Deputation ar-
rived. Their hue was headed by fourteen Gen-
tlemen of the Committee on horseback, bearing
blue wands tipt witlkgold, after whom came a ba-
rouche drawn by four hors.., bearing the grand
flag ad the silk-wearers, she field of crimson, with
an oval *Meld of white. charged with an allegi,rical
clevice, both miles of she flag presenting the same
el,laign and cul•aurs—it is accounted the most &Wt.
rd .u.l elaborate production of the loom. Then
folloserd a line of twenty-six baruticliva draw.* by
lour anodes each, the postillions being clothed in
j ock•ta of itch yellow satin.
The following wag the Ammer of. her Majesty to
this
Address:—
! have been much entitled by ore Address, so loyal lad
se safactioaste, hugs the anuchwudeas, Overseers, dud

feriae, and wrong..
The sympathy which my aMietions have excited hoe peso
dwell • degree of close and cordial union I. the sentiments
elf the nation, which augurs the meat glottises results. Outs*
is always strength, even is. • few ; but roam is • amigo is
might irresistible. • An united station lies ugly I. express its
will to have it obeyed
The vest fault in the Statesismi of sasdero arid
particularly or our own country, has bees, that they heve
not kept pare with the increased knowledge sad improved
anitiaarots of the age. While the Ratios has bees pregres.
sive, they have hero stationary, or even retrograde. While
the nation has hers. making mighty strides in political
arienee, and acqiiiring a fitness for more liberal institutions,
they have bees' fixed, a. if by the spell of enchantment, in
the w circle of ancient prejudices, or have been labour-
int to keep ',Owes within the comfiers of ignorance and au-
perstiistt In short, they are still children, while the nation
has grown up to masthead. They are still is the lending-
atringa of mimic maxims, while the people have lemma to
walk erect in she light of sew truths, sail of better principles.
My heart is tenderly touched with• sense of those miseries
which the Inhabitant.; of Spitalfields twenties as chow-
terising she general slate the country at the reseed
pressed. [lad" I the poser of mitigating those univeries my
grief resold he less; hut, at present, I lament evils sod de.
rnre calaMillea, for which 1 Monied furnish a remedy; and
grieve the inure, because I grieve in vain.
Thu was followed by the DepOtntion from the
Ward of Cripplegete Within, in thirty close car..
tisges with ',airs of borne, which ',used through
lientiner,inith at half-past one.
The fertilising is the Address:—
TO TIM Queen's !MIT rice LLLLL MAJISTY.
The !Wallet', dutiful, sod loyal Address of the Inhabitants
and Freemen of the Ward of Cripplegate Within.
May it please your Majesty,
In the &wrist panne which loss occurred la the proceedings
of the House of Lords, Ay their adjournment, We Leg to ap-
proach your Majesty with every feeling of re-spinet fur your
Royal Person, ironed( nee in emir innocent* aid spotless
'artier, adotiratioq of the heroism and fortitude which you
have displayed, and detestation of the foul and infamous
attempts to blacken and destroy your Majesty's name, ho-
rsier, and character ; thereby imagining to themselves that
they, your Majesty's enemies, will he able to cheek that
spirit of liberty which is now sheering itself in so decided •
manner boil. here and elsealwre; and over which your Ma-
jesty is so eminently qualified to preside.
Is the anomalous measures which have taken place
aweless, your Majesty, we cannot recognise the laws of Eng-
land; we lahold the extraordinary feature of • Tribunal
self-elected, making at the smile momenta crime for a law.
non-existent, and a law for the punishment of • crime un-
known.
The firmness with which your Majesty has rim this semen-
stientional mid illegal proceeding commands the admiration
of the present age, sad will to the page of Galore history
claim precedence of all other examples of female magna.
laity; but we feel at the same moment that is the defence
of your owe* Royal sod Illmorions Person, you are defending
the rights of every nom over whom the present dynasty of
Eagland hold their rule.
In the memberless oppressions and manifold 'mop and
cruelties which have been heaped upon you the pieta which
have necessarily oppressed pa, by the deiriration of retry
relative support which the lit, of kindred and filial affection
mold Rive, we beg to moire yore Majesty we have buries
an ample feeling of rommisetallen, and on atosr solejeets
we offer our heartfelt and unfeigned eendelente. On the
return of your Majesty to these realms of your lawful Same.
reipity we mow 'ceder teem most Motto, roatratimlai ion* ; and
eialk/1/442 with every father, bember, sad hashosd, who
bests and boasts tits Pere of Stoishrisk is. ollkir yes this
ewe hissible Address, as your Majesty's mat doelfiel toad
loyal *whittle, firmly attached to the Constiostios handed
down to us by our arieeitora ; and fatly convinced that in en-
tering oar aileron molest spinet the Dill, now pending in
Parliament, touching your Majesty', character and honour,
and in watching with* jeslows eye the right* of year Ma-
jesty, we are must eonstitutionally supporting the hest inte-
rests of the noose of Ilkiinswirk, and niaintaining the peace,
welfare, and tranquillity of the country.
To whirl) her Majesty nos pleased to return the
following must gracious A i,swer :
I am deeply obliged to the lidasbitarita and Freemen of the
Ward of Cripplegme Within, for an Address so loyal sad so
affectionate towage's neysilf, and at the same time breathing
the purest reolimfals uf coustitittiomil liberty.
The light of liberty was long preserved in the ark of the
British Constitution, when it was extiagnivlsed, or almost
extinct, is every other part of the world. It is from this
light that the people of other countries have originally de-
rived a large put of their present political illuminate .
litre the spirit of liberty was first kiuillert; and hence its
sacred heat was impart. d to the bosoms of the wise, the ge.
stereo a, mid the brave, is other branclo• of the great •Earos
peen family. 80, while other nations have been imlebted to
us fur • portion of this heavenly fire, we have ourselves suf
freed the flame to become languid and weak, in that temple
of constitutional freedom which it once sr splendidly ilia-
no:nated.

It would afford me the sweetest satisfaction to be in any
degree instrumental in rekindling the dying fire of national
liberty, and in rendering the British Constitution what it
mire was, the glory of glue world.
In the conflict sbich I am waging with my ad ies in
defence of my violated rights, I sin defending the rights of
every Englishman. If lam successful in this conflict, the
victory wilt, redound less to my own prisons' satdfaciinn,
titan to that which I derive from the, r•flectiont that the
rights of indivoluals and the general Iderities of the nation
will henceforth be secured against the domineering views of
that PELFISH FACTIOI, whieb is equally en enemy to every
improvement in the political condition of man iu this coun-
try, sod in every part of the world.
Perhaps I ought to triumph in the indignities I have ex-
pericuced, and to rejoice in the stoop I have sufe►ed, as
those stung. sad indignities have been the means which
Preividente has empicryeil fur exciting such a spirit its the
nation as nitro tend to secure the rights of the peerprle, and
to enlarge the practical benefits of the Constitution.

The next in the ertitr of arrival was the Altlgate
Deputati . It iracbed the church at two o'clock.
Two beadles on horseback with maces led the way,
folltrard by a. hurtwtoun Inatitig a large blue silk
Rag, i tscribed rs Aldgwte Address," in letters of
gold; of er which came etghteen close carriages with
lour houses each,cos•vtliolg nearly au squall number
of Ladies and Gentlemen, the Innen r of 11601/A
were elegantly dressed, and afforded a most in-
terestiog spectacle.

Last in Cadet, but not least in attraction, either in
point of slumber or of brilliance, was the proces•iou
from Paddington. _

As the parires severally arrived at Brandenburg!'
Flume, the Deputatioce Mear ushered into her Ma-
jesty's pre►ence,- and were most graciously re-
mised, while the crowile isseembl.s! in fiord of
the house rein the 114 wtth uce laniatioess.
The form and fere/license' of presentation ob.
*treed bring nearly similar in t'ar•h icenince, we
have reserved our drecriptiou thereof for Out NC-
cotaut or the 'moon of the Deputation from.
l'aeld.ngtoss.
The procession for carrying op this Address was
more ouusetomand respectable in appearabee than
airy winch basis yet gene up. The ebachres began to
I resemble at an early hour round Paddington-green.
They ware arranged. afterwards upon the Eilictwasc-

rasa. Sir Gerard Nod, Mr. P. Moore. and air.
Hutne. were greeted with lend necleuratiees on
their arrived at the piece of reodesvess. Being
strongly solicited b the Committee, they alighted,
and went into the house of the Rev. Mr. Thatcher.
where the Committee were maernhled in one room,

r -
teed the preemie& se Soother. Movies receitted the
respects of this ossembly they returned to their
gee. The procession then fell into line in the
!Mewing order t-s• The earriege of the Hee. Mr.
Thatcher went first; then tullowed adz bewitches, one
Mai six, the feat with later horse., mostly grey, which
'emlltimesi the Committee, the Metabefi of which
Mate white wands, and wore at the end of • blue
&hand a large medal, the front of which was
Metopes! with the profile of the Queen ; the Ment-
he,* of Parliament, via. Sir G. Noel, Mr. I'.
Wirisee, and Mr. Howse, followed next in their pri-
vate carriages. After these came 28 barouchet and
Seer, which were again followed by about six emelt,*
awl pits, filled wish the parirloutiers, the greater
pot being elegantly-dressed females. The proces.
lien being formed, it began to move at half-past one
o'clock. It fell down from the road, which it co.
covered far a quarter of a mile, into one of the
streets which leads to the south side of Portman+
agitate. Having gone round the square, it eyelid
Oxford-Buret, and passing through the west side-of
Oroscenor-aquare and South Audley-street, came
out at Hyde Park Corner, and took the high road
through Kensington and Hammer h. The pro-
cesspits was greeted with 'holds by the various
groupes which had formed in every andion which
could be occupied along the road. In cousequeuce
of the great numbers which had accompanied the
previous Addresomi, it was a long time before this
procession could mike its way inside the gates of
the garden at Bratideiiburgh House. At about
half-plat three o'clock :to entry was effected. soil
by half.pirt four the company were all let down.
As the procession approached the hour', her Ma-
jesty was seen at one of the windows bowing to the
multitude of very respectable rod well-dressed
people, who covered • part of the law,,, and
filled up all the interstices of the shrubbery ion.
medtately in front of the house. The Padding-
ton people had two Addreases to present—that of
the married females had precedence. Accordingly,
the ladies formed at the upper end of the room,
the Stewards keeping ofl the pressure fruit, behind
them. A side door opened, and her Majesty entered
the room. She bowed very graciously to the assem-
bly. The Address being presented to her, she put
it into the hands of the Rev. Mr. Marcus, who read
it w is very touching sold emphatic mimic,, and
31r. Alderman Wood, at her Majesty's request,
reed her Answer.
The 1.-idles then were permitted to kiss hinds.
and drawing off as they effected this ceremony,
made way fur the male inhabitants, whose Address
being oleo rend by the Rev. Mr. Marcus, with as
touch feeling and judgment as the former, her
Majesty again requested Alderman %Voud to read
her Answer.
After the Answer was concluded, the Gentlemen
parsed by her Majesty in the same rammer as the
Woes hid done, being also allowed the honour of
kissing bands. This cesetnotiy being completed,
her Niisisiy again appeared at the windows, and
bowed condescendingly to the fresh multitude
which had gathered without.
Mr. I'. Mooac and Mr. Eht.tce being present,
took that opportunity of presenting the Coventry
Address, to which they received the following gra-
coma Ansaer:—
ssparticularlyobliged by this loyal and affectionate
Address from the lababiteats of the City and County of the
city of Cuveulry. I commit be insensible to the tenderness
with which they lament the sad chess that death has made
in tap kindred relations; nor can I readily forget the vision's
with whirl, they regret the numerals iniligeities that I have
experierced.
My commits here mow made net the hest ease they could
in Garrott of their Bill of Pale' and Penalties; but who
will 'minim to assert that dm testimony they have produced,
even if its validity were lees suspicious than it appears, i•
*efficient to justify the messee in the preamble of the Bill'
bat the very measure which my teethes it..tried as fatal,
mot only to the honorer of the Queen, bat to the liberty of,
the lemon, is likely to prove favourable to both. It his
united all parties and made these my friends who might
otherwise have beau my enemies.
Priaciples are indestructible; sad therefore i feel a vivid
neturewee that, while I contend for such rather than fur any
transient Interests, 1 shall ultimately triumph over my ens.
min. The principles which are most sacred to my con.
eeiebee led dearest to my heart, are those of truth, of jus-
tice, sad of liberty. Those principles are better calculated
thus say others to promote the genteel happiness of man.
kind; sad while I insults's them with ueshaken constancy,
not more for my own good than fee that of the natter*, I am
ecrovierced that, in the generous support of all eiasses of the
community, I shall be able to oppose am intruhrerabk shield
to nee violence, the ferocity, and the malice of my enemies.
Ire this age, when knowledge is generalized and inquiry
worestmined, the poewer of public opinion is become mu
great, that every other must finally bend to its decrees. A
temporary residence may be made to the measures it sue.
/reale ur Inc eusKinet it prescribes; het, as long as the Press
preserves (rely a moderate degree liberty, public opinion
unmet he ultimately omnipotent; and it is as vain to oppose
its mormandsas it wield be to order the earth not to revolve
molt it. saw.
Mies God gave the power of thought tomato, be evidently
designed it to be free. Tynan, may fetter the legs, or baud.
cuff the arm., hut it cannot impose chains on the interior
operations of the mind. It tatty restrain the freedom of intrl.
hermit agency tlkeagh the medium of the Prey; hut, in the
present (tradition of man, no restraint of this kind can well
he 'Scarier"; and my heart vibrates with joy when I re-
fleet that tyranny itself is on the point of expiring to almost
every part of the European world. The Holy Alliance,
though aside fur the purpose, can hardly keep it alive. Its
exoticness is decreed ; and some member of the 111111tVielf
/ACTION may have leisure to write its epitaph.
Mr. %Vitrifies:an presented an Address from
Birmingham, to which lie received the Answer
following :
I have be moot unfeigned satisfaction in receiving this
•fiettmlieete Address from the People of Bissaiagliaat sad its
twenty.

The lessee that 1 hare sustained, during my long 'Mesee
opus the Costintot, have been irreparable. But, as in the
esontitriiiis of the moral world, there is never any evil
without some subsequent wr rosicosailaat good, 1 Inure de-
rived no small dtgree of solace from conientplating the
probable benefits of which tay afflictions are likely to be
productive so the istopte of them reams. If I had cirri-
enerd an suffering, and bees treated wet► so ladigrity, that
online of snood amid heart would sever have bee* seen, which
How binds the nation, from rim 'streaky Ma another, it the
cause of legal right, amid of eoastitutiosial liberty.
To my wrongs, therefore, t►e nation may, ultialMely, be
indebted fur the recovery of its rights, and dm vile attempt
to effect my degradatiou may mak the people to • higher
pitcher freedom and prosperity.
No Queen was ever the subject of so many sad melt bar-
barism penonstiossa as I have expftietmed. lot, while them
persecutiom have had little effect is railing my scresiq,

sr iI gamin my Isppinee, they UM /row h lea 4
*Brio is way adversaries.
The spirit of milipsisy Weever a sbitit of repose. 11 i.
tbs serpost swaying the Isrart ; Med. If then be st this
saasserst, .$e who, sore this mod**, is an objets of pity,
fur the saspiciari• t. which ha is a victim. or for the
lodes in which he is a prey--4e lbw ianatwerahle vexations
'Hsieh he is bluely, toy isiallottlflite grolittll--for
recollections of lost kappisesa, sod of deserted virility
—for the cosset .... saess of malice that has bees rendered

impair...l, and of viewrowirs that hos ..newt its nine—rivrit
an object of pity is, perhaps, to he sera at the broil of soy
Odottsarks. asitrattst of sfler•iifters, *bell be wants
exastplris of shorties ateliers or ussoteessfel iresefiety,
in give effect to his lessees, ur to breathe • Weise( eotrgy
uo his pep., will net long br at a lss, to knew from what
part of oar history to extract an impressive prnof that rem-
✓isme, isairtreilrarr, and esritr isisibiese bat /turn,
sad are prodsetive of setiong bat misery.
11r. Ilositougg prevented the following( Address
from the Artisans, Alechailics, sod Labouring
Classes of the Town of Alesielirsttr:—

TO lICR ItrOrT GRACIOUS MAJESTY Tilt Qt/rEll.
!thy it please your Majesty,
We, his Majr.ty's Inyal gehjeets, the Artisaor, Mech.-
mites, sad Lsb.isiriisig Climes of the Tow,. of Pilenchreter,
h. leave must respectfully so &preach your rlaj• sty with
oar songralulalloos oil 'Nur return aritusigrt tem, in cunterspl
and eh fiance of the artifices and threats of your ~ohm

We beseech your Majesty to accept our condolence ow
the demise of your ever-to be-lamented daughter. We
assure your Majesty, that in no part of his Mak-sty's do-
minions was the loss which the nation •nctatn.d on that
melancholy occasion More deeply regretted or sinrrrely felt
than in this town aird neighhoorhood. We looked forward
with anxiety and hope to the day whets it alsoiald please Pro-
volence to invest her with the authority of the high station
to which she appeared to be destined, as a period at which
not only the nation al large would have entered spun a
brighter and happier course, hut this district, in particular,
would have been delivered front an odious and oppressive
local 11.monatiuu, aggravated by all the evils winch igno-
rance and folly can ammoniate spots a saiffming popelation.
We feel that the measure now no progress ■gainat your
!Majesty, is subversive of every soft glow' of the rights and
Itb ities of the people. We believe that the de. gar in de-
grading and &thrilling your llaj. sty, by the u ..... 01. Mil Bill
which the Ministry have introdiserd into Parliament, and
which at once creates the crime, and fiars the penalty, is to
give a striking and practical instance of the absurd clam to
omnipotence, which those who sit in the seats which ought
to b.• filled by the representatives of the nation, set up over
the laws and constitution of our count. y. If the first sub-
ject in the realm rats be destroyed, without even an offence
ageing the law being imputed to her, who can hereafter
describe the difference between such a plate of thing., awl
a stair of absolute despotism, in which the will and pleasure
of the Prince are Mont the rule and memoir, of obedience!

; I •
Apart, therefore, from all the ronsaaratioris of the
grievous injustice which your Majesty will individually
suffer, by such an ()Wince upon the laws as that by which
it is now sought to deprive you of your undoubted rights,
we are convinced that, upon pubic grounds, and with re.
ference to the general safety, we are baton! to raise nur
voices in defence of your :Majesty, and we do solemnly de.
close, in tlw language of one of your Majesty's Counsel,
that whatever may he enacted against you in Parliament,
we will " consent to pay respect le any person who,
in virtue of such euartmeut, may usurp yam. Majesty's at.
Nation." W. regard your title to your rank to bie as well
founded and perfect as that of his Majesty un the throne en
which lie sits for the public good, and for the public good
only; and we applaud your Majesty's determination " to
resiat the attempt to 1111 l ir you wills all the stirs
which it shall please God to give you."
The Artisans and Mechanics of this populous and pow.
erful district partite with us in admiral ttttt of your de-
termitiatior, and iu readiness lutanist you in carrying it into
effect by all the means which we constitutionally poems,
and which we humbly tender to your Majesty'sacceplaiscc.
Your Majesty casnot he utiairquainted with the severe
privation% and deep sufferings of this immense population;
and doubtless your Majesty's benevolent heart has been
wrung at the dreadful event's,' the fatal 111th August. The
same power which scourged us is now oppressing you ;
it is not Irss our interest than our duty, therefore, to stand
up against your Majesty's enemies, who are also the ene-
mies of the rights and liberties of the whole people. The
derp.rinitid awl atrocious designs of this fartio• mast be
defestrd, Of the nation sink. at once into utter sad Impe-
l. as slavery. %e declare that we winshi rather die than
live snider such a state it things as that which new rummies
are preparing for as. This is ear solemn and serious remarks.
Lion. As far as our power can extend we will prevent your
'ulajesty from bring unjustly and unlawfully sacrificed. We
have no fortunes to offer, but we hold our lives valueless
when justice and freedom are in clang( r.

Tu which her Mje sty returned the following
most gracious A tinter :—•••
I receive with great satisfsetion this loyal, affectionate,
and impressive Address—from so numerous, so useful, and
no eficieut • part of the community as the Artisans,
Mecbailie., and Labouring Classes of the Town of Mau.
cheater. The true honour of the country has been in the
highest degree promoted by their incomparable skill and
their unrivalled ingenuity, while their persevering industry
has so largely eoniribnied towards the means of maintaining
the dignity of the Throw., nod the power and glory of the
Kingdom.
No tame nor circumstances can remove from my mind
that beloved object which so vitiAty excites your kind con-
dolence, and still so tenderly interests my affections. tf
this calamity frustrated the fund hopes of the people, how
much did it deduct from the sun of my happiness, and add
to the number of my woes ! It aggravated my other mani-
fold afflictions by the ineentiou of a new conspiracy, which,
if it was not in its origin more detestable than the former,
was certainly more formidable in its aspect, more artful in
its contrivance, more C1;11381%' ii, its ramifications, mid
noire powerful in its amain. My own innocence, combined
with the good sense and justice of the people, have been at
oisce my solace and my support, under this new and terri-
ble permeation. The conspiracy by which I have been
attacked, has been already more than half vanquished by
the Ilagttionmess of its th;efs, and the turpitude of its
auxiliaries. The moot artful eoishinations of perjury can.
OM long endure the piercing scrutiny of troth.
1 am happy to perceive that the industrious chimes is the
town of Manchester, as well as in the rest of the kingdom,
regard the ummustitutioual attack upon my rights as an il-
legal iuvasioc of their own. The Bill of Pains and Penalties,
which threatens my degradation, weakens the security of dot
sacred tenure by which every Briton is protected in his
liberty, his property, and his life. Ile who venerates a free
coustitotiou will indignantly repel the introduction of arbi-
trary power in any of its varied boom.
We naturally compassionate the severe privations and
deep sufferings, even of the idle nod the dissolute; but how
much more forcibly is our sympathy excited by such priva-
tions and sufferings, when they ate accumulated opus the
industrious, laborious, frugal, and virtuous part of this ex-
gmplai y community?
My mind has, indeed, been often agonised by the recollec-
tion of that dreadful day to whitih the industrious classes of
Manchester particularly allude; but while we cannot but
kuuw that the suns hand has becu our common oppressor,
let no, as far as we are able, bury the past in oblivion, sal
trust tbet though these things have been, they will be no
more! let us endeavour to calm the perturbed passions,
and to heal the bleeding wounds of our distracted and
lacerated country ; and, for myself, though my afflictions
have been many in number and long is coutlimance, I
shell think them all amply compensated, if they should at
last prove the menus of contributing ',awards the harmony,
the prosperity, moil the happiness of the kiagilons.
The following Address was presented fiats the
liiii4bitiots of the Borough of Leeds, in the County
of York
TO eta BOST OBACIONS INAJCsTT cAROWAI, QUERN OW
°RCA? BRITAIN. •••
The tort Address of the lutialsitaiste of the Borough
of Leeds, is the Comity of York.
We, your Majesty's loyal subjects, the lehabilants of

Lewis, is tise Corry of Yolk, tort leave In aril/oath joie
Majesty with our sincere and lilt 'imitate Cuairstulalittns4
' your neeeseiwo to she dignity of Queer of Ike,e realm.,
sad to assort Tour Majesty or nun !robins attachinewt to
poor inlerests, •64.1 of nur profound rasped for your 11 a.
allied character. Het whilst with rapture wr h it your Ma-

jest'', retorts to Ow land of poor aelopsion, we het 14 assure
Meat fillejed, Atst ste 4.e not illaMsselde I. OM pliftanit
alliesion• year Majesty has tad us eudare store your Mr-
mace front Britain. We Irish Not to seeress, Mum afflie.
"Pi by your Majesty of them; ws would, if
possible, alb vude thews by the.snothieg balm of sylipathy.
Permit as Ikea lo swore your Majesty, that whilst we re-
joice st your allaniafloo Is the throve of these realms, we
mourn with yore the use of year Mealsable Daughter, sal
yogi. Majesty's arm rind mead, Frayed and Prot. riot, onr
much-lameoted Ilitsarels, your Majesty's Father it law.
But we are aware that yore Majesty is irertaible that the
wounds were irdllseted by the hand chit truant,'
We world therefore join your Makes', in the lanpage
piety, and say," It lathe Lord let bile sits what seetrieth h•te
best." Bel, on she other hind, we terve %yen with ilea M. r
rat reltrel the treatimet your Majesty Sim recessed Co .1
another quatirr: we hare Iseheld with the mir.t pariool
maestros that arm whirls matt so have 1w,,. retreaded to
probes your Majesty, wieMilig the sword of perarcetioe.
We lime, with the oleepe.t (erliorts of InthanAll.lll, 14.1
ysosr Majps4's eamoles, acevempanred wish 11te .trout u•nt
of power, chore yea from sham to "Moe, mot from ray I.
• 804 swoming the word shape that perwrutirm enal.l
possibly assume, wills spars anal Hammers, haittioe 'bur
Aajesly like ondeeight opre.rea. Her &rebore, as Mil--
liana, have been shocked at she omission of your Majesty's
mese in the Lowey of oar Chareh, and we consoler tt:c
nail of Pains and Pewalties prodnag writ's* your Majmos
(which makes your secmcrs your Judges), as highly sirjo.
nova so your Majealy's cease. and a violsiore radar Ferny
of British jorlspeodreer. But whilst we ere rheirked at
the proceedings f your enemies, we beg leave to expos:
um cordial approbltion of poser Majesty's growlers, in
hardily am, fearlesaly mselsrt your accusers. Whets Inns.
center is accused, she loodiy tells for an opens isstrestigt-
thor; and such hat uniformly been your Majesty's, word., t.
" He that Borth truth, com-ib to the light," is ardent se
controvertible axiom, and your Majesty boa courted tt.c
full blase of slay. We, therr•fore, beseech your Majesty to
receive our warmest ackoositerlgareets of aitecharriet sad
unshalless loyalty to your Majesty's interesta, and so as.
sure your Majesty, whatever may be Ihr result alike pro.
sent !till of Pains and resalties, uo judgusert pruceedinz
from a Court its which year eiternies and accusers are yule:
Judges, will ever produce tor insprcssiou oil oar anode us-
favourable he your Alojesty's honour and character. Aud
"ilthongh our prayers are out permitted so be beard is seer
temples of Itelegion. your Majesty's tousled baser. cued an
altar in the heart of every Gogh.hman, from which cow.
staidly ascends the most devont esporati .... • 14 that AI.
atizhly Beams .4 who hears well pleased the leurnage of the
soot ;" sod that he may deliver year Majesty from all the
wiles of year 'armies, and restore to you your right. as
Queen of Great Brissio, sad titres your Majesty wish army
happy years in reigning over a brave, bat oppressed people,
in whom heart. your Majesty has rry. r reword, we remiss
your dutiful mad sfrectionate subjects.
• • - ••

To which lee Alsjesiy returned the
graci..us Answer :
My cordial thanks are tine to the lotus'itu's, of the Le.
rough of Leeds for this affeciiouate Address. The retigiou•
sentiments which it breathes are such se meet with entree,
pondiug sentiments in my own mind. I feel it my deity net
to dispute the winelum,or to question the goodness of the
isfemol, in any even of his most aillicting dispensatioss.
Our views are bounded ow all lodes; sod we ate apt to
regard things only in their immediate relations to tsar pre-
vent interests; hot the Supreme Witdoos adjusts his disci-
plume to our good, not only in the time which now es, but to
that which is to come. If I hate been despitefully null, ..n.l
wrongfully permeating!, I still hope eu derive benefit from the
evil I have experienced.
All inherits are apt to rebound upon the mediae •' mid
though vengeance Is slow, yet how few are there who esti
ultiesialely avoid its shaft or t lock its pursuit I should not
be a huinsu betwg, if injury recited no feeling of
resciitnsewt in my breast: but lam eossoceous that, 'Wooly
out of a regard furs higher &diluent!, hat from ■ Amin nog
lodestar', my own internal tranquillity, I ought mot In miter
that feeling to rankle in my heart.
The sentiment of integrity, which has Its fixed residrace
in my soul, Dishes roe drspi.e the serusations of my ern.
mien. I know that the malice of my oppressors has sever
yet bees mtesined by any mural cuitsidersiiem ; but that
malice has hitherto been rendered imbecile by the public in-
dignation which it has excited ou our aide, and by all the
better sympathies which it bat roomed in my defence on the
other.
It cannot he supposed that the Bill of Pains and Pens--
ties, which has not hitherto been suppoited by a particle e,t.
honest testimony, will receive the sauctswe of the Levis's.
tare; hat if it should, it win he found not merely tie n.Bu t
the puoislourist of degradation upon the Queen, lent of sti -
tined.. upon the naUou, Its professed object is la dcpr.re
the Quern of her honour sod her rights, hot it. real ilLei
will be to destroy the liberties of Englishmen.
The followinK Address was prenentetl from the
Feinele Inliabitinite of the Borough of Lees-.
York.hire

TO HER MOST GRACIOUS MAJESTY CAROLINE, QUEEN Of

FIIGLAND.

The lineable Address of the Female Inhabitants of the
Borough of Leeds, in the l'ouuty of York.
Madam,
While to was, thousands of onr fellow subjects are con-
gratulating your Majesty upon your aereesion to the Throne
of Great Britain, we cannot remade silent spectators of
those marks of affectiurate regard, boo, in conjunction
with our fellow subject., we dense to mantis' our joy upon
your Majesty's einthation.
With feedlots of pleaatire we hail the return of Font Ma-
jesty to this country to claim list high station among us
which we believe you so justly 'merit, nod it is with pia
and ►egret ghat we behold the enemies of your Mersty
sews attempts's' your destruction, after the fainter fertedetes
efforts ; hat, nowtscell as we see of foe, Majesty's Woo-
mace of those Charges brought against you lay your ar-
cowry, sod reinitiated by hired Delitnt Spies,wr morel bat
behold with int*initioa the conduct of those who flaw seek
to destroy your Majesty's reputation and honour.
W'hen we reflect spew the injuries your Majesty has
sestaiii:4l, and the indignities which have been fleord yam,
we cannot bet admire the conduct of your Majesty i■ fear-
lessly coufroutiag your enemies, aad nobly difendiog your
character, your harmer, sad your virtue, in the face of
every foe. Your Majes►y's tejectios of the base proposals
offered to you at St. timers, as a compromise ef your virtue
esti your honour, sod year readiness to court an infest tgA.
tion of your conduct before a proper tribunal, afford ma
convincing proof of your Majesty', Issioetwee, sad of the
base intentions of your enemies. Your wilinignees to meet
your accusers, we are cotiviseed,cansot foil to remove from
every rellectirg mind every idea prejudicial to the honour
of your Majesty. While we deptote the peewit cruel and
viodictive proceedings seminal your Majesty, Aeon a smog
of the ilegredation which the amoral character of the It,-
tin, will student, we at the same time swill drop the tear
of sympathy with you as easehers and as daeghters. We
siuerrely largest tie severe loaves your Majesty has sos•
wined dueler your abysm from England, when it pleased
Divine Providence to brees•'e you of your behaved daughter,
mid a kind protector of year immerse* sad linewur is Lis
late Majesty; sad these we think entitle your Majesty to a
far different treatment from that which you now . xperience.
As dutiful sad affectiouste subjects we condole with yew
Majesty in all your adlitetioss, sad, se far as we are able,
desire to alleviate your lll•jesty's sonows. In the hope
that you will, fee Wog, triumph seer all your haw sod
treacherous earwigs, and he established in the full exercise
sad enjoyment of all your eights mid privileges, we remain
your Majesty's adds, and affectionate subjects.
'fa which her Majesty returned the following

easel lohatritanlo 0 the parish of Chrislcing* UhlNowt,
einvionoly called Spirolielils.
wbilb
Then is b• peered in the history of tills murky, he
lia rvaliloss of IM people Iwo bees so ushilersally or so
powerfully excised as In the prewar A ears of la‘virlisal
oppression has lot/roiled every beset. Every isersdler of the
eriossorney, who is sot 'Misled is Ibe service of= SELFISH
.

gracious Answer :
I base derived ow ordinary astisfaclion fns die cookies-
sew that toy coodoci boa rutted As eswebatiets of the
Fernate Inirabitartra of the Burma' of Leeds and its vicinity.
In cite coodict with my roesirs, I ►ass steadily abseil

to my erieisal yellow of skulk:sling Ely Jolene% at egret"
fish ; sod have seltered a him, tempting, to maid
me forget that my rights-est est exclusively my own, bet
Wort to the Putnam sleet of petite liberty, IT I had
wort, surresdered tbeso NOM, 1 should Aare betrayer
people, for whites geed limy M the
were Issiewel; and to *Moe
generous attachaseat I am hodebeed for all that I poetess.
I urns' amid mamorti I. mats repoomiett an affair of
Mercenary tragic. If I could hive been *billy of sorts
humiess, it world have rendered me totally orisrorthy of the
title or the reek of Qiiern. But yet, if I would have steep-
ed se low, and wersaistimily become an sicoremey to my wen
infamy, I might have avoided this Bill of Pains and Peed.
ties, sad here bad my mientias hesriag matiesetty to the
panty's( my midget, and the periesises am* priweiples.
The SELFISH FACTION who have become say weepers,
have Imes Is IM baba of irackliog to superior power,
and rie csesistyiag wish all its Settle lectioatious, till they
have scenes, el a foods/vs for turpitude; as permits may live
In • polluted atmeaphere till they to all relish fur the
breath of the Zephyrs, or the frograscs of the lido.
Ass Address was prevented from the Female In-
taint:tots of Leif:eider, by whom we did not leant,
No whit it her Majesty retunied the following most
gracious Answer:—
This Addling bons the Female Inhabitants of the Town of
Leicester Speaks she language of animated loyalty and affee.
lioaste attachment. 1 accept it with mach satisfaction ; aml
1 *devote the spirit which it breathes as favourable so the
present sod the restore interests of Delimits. The inure ea-
lightened, virt owns, awl patriotic the C. males of this tvoietry
become, the more we may cherish hopes of the moral, inlet-
lierlest, am; palliest improvement of the risiog and of
future geocratioos. Onr sex are the lint iostracton a the
young. Hy them the int inopressiows are made and the first
lessors tanght. Their increased and increasing intellectual
torture, therefore, gives es she fair prospect of more virtue
and latelliErliET in the day' that tent is sibuiit so enfold.
_ •

The onsission of my some in the Liturgy received the
saection of persons who have bog bees he the habit of met-
ing r. ligion the meteut for their tyraany, or the veil for their
selfishness; and who, we any otter occosiusi, would have re.
presented the proposal to exclode as answy words seas many
letters Gone the service of the estatilishmert, as a most sacri-
legious ionovation, threatening the abotitios of tithes, and
the downfall of the hierarchy; but an alteration in direct
iiptiwilioal to that spirit of charity, without which all eels.
pion is but mere ansawsery, has been countenanced by the
pious beads both of the Church sad of the Slate.
There is Daly owe view in which I eau regard this alters.
lion with any complacency, and that is, as the first step in
the goad wink of ecclesiastical refimusatiou. Rut as the firtt
•tep has been an issilltallowrd Invasive of the charily of she
sanctuary, let us hope that the next will make amends by
enlarging ,h.st charity, and by making the terms of union
in lb, establishment as comprehensive as the spirit which is
breathed through the whole scheme of Christianity.
Churchmen are, nasally, more remarkable eves than
Statesmen, for Nitre hehissd the light of the age. They adhere
two pertinaciously to escheat forms. They are unwilling to
pats beyond that boundary of ducky/cm' within which their
forefathers lived; and if they ever find llbtilltrllitS within s he
iii.oliwatiog ray of a parer fish., they start bark, as app.
1111005 are said to varnish when they snuff the dawn.
Both Churchmen and Slatesersen ',veld do well, ere it be
too Isle, to open their eyes epos the igen of another refer-
mat imi that iv rising upon the world. Is it mit their ialerest,
and ought it not to be their policy, to preserve all short is
valuable in ancient systems or institutions, mind to add to
that value, by incorporating it with all *bat is 'medicos iu
the inipeovi mem. of modern limes? This is the best way to
reform abet is bad, at the same time that you preserve what
is good, and keep pace with the light of the age.

Her Majesty appeared to be in excellent health
and spirits, and d►scovered c•uaiderable animation
of countenance at (some of the passages in the Ad.
&roses. Her Majesty 'wore • dress of deep crimson,
a rich point lace tippet, • turban head.drers, with
a plume of white feathers tipped with scarlet, and a
tiara of rich 'rubies. Lady Ann Hamilton stood on
the It ft of the Queen, Sir W. Gell, Capt. Craven,
•attd Mr. Austin, towards the left of Lowly Ann
liamil ion.

.....
The crowd retained their stations in the garden
until the house was almost clear of guests. The
road to London continued in a thronged and busy
stair till live at night.
Her 11I+sty expressed peculiar pleasure at the
moolier in which the Paddington Address was
ght sip.
The Tiverton Address was to have been present.
oil ; bat from the lateness of the hour when the
cormotly of receiving the Paddington Address
ass over, Alderman Wood and Sir 6. Nod, to
whom the presenting of the Tiverton Adiliess
intrusted, deferred it till Thursday next, when a
great number of others are to be presented.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

GERMAN .PAPERS.

DIVIIIIMA. AUOUiT 23.

•
A few days ago a plot was discovered, which
might have been attended with very final conse-
quences to our city. The Pilerrnitatis had gained
some adherents by means of bribery. in order, as
it is said, to set lire to the city in various places,
and in the general confusion to have an opportunity
for pillage awl massacre. Several great Limilits
are compromised. Princes, Barone, and Cher..
hers, are arrested sud Unprisowed an the citadel,
a here'they will be brought to trial.
Tine event has excited the general detestation of
the l'atermitans. Citizens and soldiers vie wills
each miser to notintain order. Every body takes
arms-to march against these wretches—every body iv
incensed against them. Ira the interior df tire island
they have already done nrucii mischief, but a west
nova! and military force is arrived from Naple., and
further reinforcements will soon follow, and every
. .

body Isere and its the rest of Sicily barns with the
eager desire to tight them. It is hoped they will
soon be overpowered. The enthusiasm for the
Corretitittain is general, Aid we hope shortly to
enjoy the fruits of it.—lifllgemeine Zeiteng,
SeptentbEr 13.)
WARSAW, • 11,11PTRSIBRU 4.
Political Item of the highest importance to the
social system of Europe. ore circulating here at
this ownii.nt when the Polish Diet W meelieg for
second trine. A new project is spoken of for
the re-establishment of the kingdom of Poland. It
is affirmed that negociations, in which. all the Poled
sre interested, base been commenced between the
Gouts of Russia. Austria, and Pruoia. If they
•Itotild agree on the re-establistusient of the king.
dam of Poland in its integrity, giia State might
apitt fulfil in Empire the object •to obich it
!teems particularly destined by- its geographical
position. it would become again au important
weight in the lialance•of Europe, mod the bul-
wark of the North. The Emperor Alexander,
by acting in this 11113111311 cf, would become again
the creator and restorer of a system of policy, which,
while it tepaired the injustice of times past, would
consolidate the general peace soil promote the
civilization t;f all Europe. The (inferences which
had subsisted since the revolution ia Sralu, hietween

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LONDON,
TUESDAY, Serrsurasa 46, iseo.

On Ft further examination of the letters which we
published yesterday, respecting the conduct of
Baron OMPTEDA Ili his ajitire with Mr. 410-within,
we find increased cause of surprise at the extreme
weakness or those who could send them forth to the
world with a view of relieving the character of the
deceased Baron frost the obloquy which peculiar
circumstances hod attached to his memory. The
cliarges that have been urged against Ourreo• are,
that, forgetting the dignity of character which ought
to belong to a mm of his elevated rank, he stooped
to the inexpressible meanness of insinuating himself
into the society of the Princess of WA LSI, for the
sole purpose of *busing her confidence—of acting

as a spy upon her conduct—and, in the true spirit
of espionage, of distorting circumstances in them-
selves innocent, and of giving an unnatural degree
of importance to trifles, for the purpose of c►eating
an injurious impression respecting the actions of
her Royal niglime, and of thereby seeming
to increase the value of his own services:•—
that he had bribed the sen•ants of her Royal High-
ness to aid him in his honourable employment—and
that, not satisfied with the advantages to be derived
from his personal olwervation, and the inventive
genius of his worthy allies, the traitors in the
household, he had actually engaged a smith to forgo
a key fur the purpose of giving him a ready access
at all times to the writing desk containing the
letters and other private papers of the Princess. The
final charge against the Baron is, that he evinced an
unwillingness to hazard his 'serum when required
by Mo. HoWNAM to give such satisfaction as the
laws of honour require for this unmanly breach of
the most sacred duty. Of these several charge.,
surely the hot is riot the most important, and yet
with an unaccountable perverseness of understand-
ing. or what is as probable, with a desire to divert
public ;Mention from the imputation of treachery,
meanness, and rubbery, the pretended friends of the.
deceased think to relieve his memory from every
taint, by affirming that he did not add cowardice to
his other vices. Against this point they have directed
all the weapons in their armory, they selected their own
ground, arranged all their forces at 'heir discretion,
and chore their own moment of attack ; but they
have undertaken a forlorn hope, and the charge;
even the charge of cowardice, remains unshaken.—
We must cutileas that on this subject we feel an
extreme unwillingness to give tree expression to the
sentiments of disgust and indignation that crowd
upon us ; there is a racredness in the tomb whit!)
we shonid never willingly violate, and the convic-
tion that he whose character is the topic of animad-
version is no longer capable of resistance or expla-
nation, would disarm even personal botsiility of
every trace of rancour or vindictiveness ; hut the
consequences of Baron ()garrottes actions are no*
but beginning to be developed, and a sense of
justice to the Illustrious Individual most setioWdly
affected by them, demands ■n unlimited inquiry
into this nian's character, as a knowledge of it
must tend considerably to elucidate many•seenes in
the eventful drama now in the course of exhibition.
The Twits, expressing on this subject the sen-
timents of the QuEurs persecutors, streets out to

deny that OnPIMA acted as a Spy upon her Maw
AESTY's conduct. Will it be believed that he two-
dertakes even to justify Itim ? " Did it not," he
asks, " become the duty -of a H•norerian Noble-
man and Minister. to direct his attention to the
conduct of an individual, through whom his coun-
try might be disgraced by having a spurious issue
placed upon its throne ?" Nobleman ! Honore- ,
rimt Nobleman ! Thank Gad lie wai soot are Eng-
!hitt Nobleman ! But where was the danger of " his
country being disgraced by having a spurious
issue placed upon the throne ?" Time and nature
had "fixed their rimed canon" against even the
possibility of such ■ danger. But we are told that
" the Princess of WALKS brought forward, with
singular orietitotion, the buy whose origin had bean
the subject of an inquiry in this country. He was
every where called it piccolo Principe.and even when
her Royal Highness made a sort of public entry into
Naples with Kiug MURAT, this boy sass seated-
between them in a sort of open phaeton." The
danger then, it seems, after .all, was not that the
alleged criminal intercourse with Beitaamt might
disgrace the throne of Hanover with • spurious
issue, but that the Princess of %Vete., after her.
lug for twelve years, both in England and on the
Continent, declaieri, that a certain child was the
child of another vromaii, after the birth of this
child had, upon the most solemn inquiry, been
traced to SOPHIA AUSTIN, her Royal Highness
might suddenly avow her own guilt, confess her
treason, proclaim AUSTIN to be her own offspring,
and with this stamp of illegitimacy upon his fore
head, undertake to raise him to the throne of Han-
over ! What a plausible project ! and how just a
pretext for • proud-spirited Nobleman and a con•
scient ions Minister to watch the conduct of the Pat it-
CM, bribe her servants, and steal her papers ! The
Courier asks what object OuPTIIDA could have in
privately opening die Pitmen's's writing-desk, and
remarks, that " If he wanted information respect-
ing the imputed amatory intercourse between her
Royal Highness and Braosstr, this mode of trying
to get it would have been foolish in the extreme."
The object of the espionage here avowed differs
from the former. We here come back to Bea-
GAM, and forget it piccolo Principe. What has
the acknowledgment of AUSTIN, and his possible
elevation to the throne of Hanover, to do with " the
amatory intercourse with BERGANI r' But as
Ourrxnes object seems to be unknown to the
Couriers we •ball inform him that the visits to the
writing-desk were not meditated with • view to the
discovery ashy circunntances relating to the sop.
posed " amatory intercourse," but were devised as
a happy means of depriving her Royal Highness of
some papers which were known to be in her parser.
sion, and which were of such a nature as might, in
the event of • public prosecution, be found very
disagreeable to certain persous. These it was thought
necessary to steal, and to the eternal disgrace of
Baron OMPTEDA, the duty was imposed upon him
of performing the homiliatiog act. It was to be
the purchase of outward honours, and we accord-
ingly find, by an unhappy coincidence, that imme-
diately afterwards he was appointed Grand Cham-
berlain of Hanover, and was, we believe, scut
as Minister to the Papal Court.

In comparison with these matters, the question
of his cowardice sinks into i►isiguitic&uice. But
what would be said of the courage of a inert, who,
being challenged to combat iu this country, were ,to
accept the invitation, and making use of his privi-
lege to assign time and place, were to appoint the
banks of the Mississippi, this day six months, as
the scene of action ? Mauhenn, the plaice cho-
sen by the valiant Baron, is upwards of 250
miles from Milan, and when so many convenient
spots might • have been selected not more •thaii
twenty miles from Milan, it shewed no extraordi-
nary disposition for fighting, when the Baron re-
commendtd a journey to Manheim, and the inter-
vention of a month► as necessary for whetting their
couruge, and giving a due solemnity to so import-
alit an event.

To crown, however, the labours of the Courier,
and the other worthy friends of the deceased Baron,
they broadly insuauste that his life was once en.
'lingered by open violence, and hie death finally
caused by poison. This is a further proof of the
diabolical spirit that animates the persecutors of the
QUEEN. Not satisfied with having insulted and be-
trayed her, they would now add murder to the
other impunitions laid to her charge, and attaibute
to her the death of this OmrrEDA, whom she
must have despised too much ever to have hated.
Her enemies write against her in throes of de-
spair; they suffer an intolerable agony even from
the supposition of her MAJESTY'S acquittal, and
in the blindness of their rage utter they know not
what. We should not be much surprised if the
murder of OUPTEDA were proposed to he intro-
domed into the preamble of the Ball of Pains and
Penalties. It might be hoped, that, as in the case
tiow pending, the atrocity of the charge would cow.
pensate fur the want of evidence.

ited,

Brussels

A Flinders Msil has arm , 'bringing ,
papers of Friday. The Chevalier De Batt.r.o.
the Portuguese Minister st the Court of the Ne-
therlands, has sent a circular letter to all the Por-
tuguese Coaouls in that kingdom, in which he
says that the events which have takeu place in Por-
tugal, oblige him, till the re-establishuient or good
order, to cease
.deliveriug sod couotersiguilig pima.
pod, fie that kieggem. Fie in consequence orders
the Consuls not to deliver or ouuulonign w paw-
, ports fur Portugal till further orders, e," .44 I,

:1 „ 41- 1
t )
W 61 O
. ._. i °to "v.',
ak . val 1' i 49 •
IR VI. . 164-; j'• - GIISCt
"4118\NIPP*-4"." a 4cs
flo 10 • .rt-1„...„-:1- ii).
Tlili KING.

COWES, sEtramsra 44.
This morning (Sandal) iu consequence of its
having been understood that his Maissry would
attend Divine Service on shore, the parade was
crowded wish elegant computiy. anxious to testify
their respect for his person on his disembarkation.
l'lle rile. however, was so tremendous up to twelve
o'clock, drat his MAJESTY COW 110 i leave the
Royal l:vprire. Awnings were erected on deck,
and the Piton attended Diviue Service in the pre.
eruct of the whole crew.
Nis MAJEATY remains at anchor the whole or
this day.
lis the espectation of Isis Mi.tesTY coming
ashore, thirty pilot boats, manned by veteran tart:,
dud its white, with '6 true blue" favours, of their
ewe twowidtwwr, went round the royal yacht I. se-
company Isis kIAJETTY aSheie. Previously to their
departure, they saw the carriage of Geottot %Vaults
Fts4.l. with six beautiful grey horses to the traces,
provided by that Gentleman to couvey his MAJES-
TY from the beach to the chinch, when thew Cap-
tiin, in the name of the whole troop, Informed Mr.
Wimp) that his carriage sn•ght he corner, but while
Bratsk tars could have the glory of drawing their
Sovereign to church, they would never suffer that
honourable einployivient to be usurped by horses.
Mr. WASS immediately sent hes horses to the sta-
ble. The sevens), of the weather. luswever, pre-
vented the breve fellows from fulfilliog thou iu.
teotious.

THE 4111iEN.

The person who filled the situation of csbiu.joirser,
on board the Leriallusit, during the liaise the Prin-
ces. of Wales continued on board that s!tip. is now
in Dublin. His name is John Byrne; he is in the
employinetit of Mr. Southwell, pinto-forte maker,
Marlborough-street. The following neti.unt, in his
own word., einotains Ilia recollection" of the
conduct of the Princess during her stay on board
that +hip:—
" The 'litanies of cabin•juiser, rave see an opportunity
of ben* well aelaaneteri with spas, of the traaisetioss that
*marred is her Regal Highness's eabia. It was part of say
40/ to enter the eabis is which abe sleptt at as early bear
la the Illonsire, to Mae! the Wails, sad Moo at sight to
lower than. As way of those early bums that Iso estesad,
near saw U. Berwarai ; bat is subs quest palms of she worn.
hogs I base frequently sees him thew, engaged generally, is
writing fur her Itoyat
" Her Royal Highness's demeanor towards all done per-
son nose daty brought them sear her parses, was nest
asidesonsiliag; ea weevil °cessions she railed we famili-
arly "bee goer as she dol several others, whirs she required
them Is performs any trifling service fur her. I was the 'er-
ase wltorsarte me alterations is tbe eabiss„ which she di-
aled at herfuet ensiagoie board, sod I was the pecan who
fond sod /emend as ekgast seal belorgiag to her, shish
was lost is the cane, which her Majesty will rat fail to
recollect, slioahlny eircanuatice reined her of it.
" I have sever sees or beard of she least saisendoet, or
of say improper fAiwiliarity attached to her Majesty, daring
her stay is she Lookilbnis ; and 1 awe willing to prone this,
sad sects other fans as I how to .be true."—(Dabbsi
ins*, Peet.)

A numerous and respectable meeting of the in-
lisbitaists of Dover, was held ■t the Bull Inn
assembly room, on Friday evening last, to take into
cousideration the propriety of raising subscriptions
(soot exceeding one shilling each .person) for the
purpose elf saustiog in the purchase of a service of
plate to be presented to her most gracious Majesty
the Queen', and of co-operating with the Committee
is Loudon, as well as the public at !Arse, in evincing
their respectful homage to her Majesty, their
unabated sympathy on account of her past sod
present sufferings, and their increasing attachtneut
to her Royal Person.
The object of the Meeting having been unasi-
mnosly agreed to, it was determined to invite the
attendance of all persons on Friday neat, at seven
o'clock in the evening at the said 100, when proper
resolutions will be proposed, and advertised if
agreed to.

A letter from Dover. dated September 24 (Sun-
day). says—" The Queen's Courier, Monsieur
CAMERA, arrived here this morning from London.
when ,he -hired a snarl and sailed immediately for
Calaw. The Chevalier VASSAL!. with four person.
-totgiae evidence in defence of the Quests, arrived
frourCalais this morning after a rough passage, and
prointedrd iu haste to London."
Guyer 1111 l ent, we understand, have 'finally pur-
*based the Puhenry Hotel, Piccadilly, for her
M A J-MT V'S residence, for which they are to pay
16,0001. independent of the furniture. Am which
they have also taken. Her M AJIATY is to have
pusirevaion, we hear, on the 3d of next month.
The Countess of OLD!, her MAJESTY'S late
dame d'hommeier, was expected in town yesterday
evening. She is to take up her residence with her
MAJESTY at Branderiburgh House. lu addition
to the Count and Countess SANGRE/11, six other
witnesses on behalf of the QUERN are residing at
Lady HAMILTON'S house, in Portman-street.—
Rumour states, that Beaoaut has received a suns-
Ammo to approach the English coast, to be in rea-
-illiness .to attend tbe summons of .her MAJarrir's
'Counsel, if they should think it necessary to call
bim on their Royal Client's defence.
There was a meeting yesterday of the parishioners
of St. George's in the East, for the purpose of ad.
'. dressing the QUEEN ; various resolutions were car-
''fied with acclamation, and an Address founded on
Herne was iinuminously adopted.
The Duke of DEVONSHIRE arrived yesterday at
Drlfoiiabis e House, from • visit to Lord and Lady
(:. H. C A VEN DISH, at their seat, Compton-place.
.Eastbnurri.
• Earl WHITWORTH and the Duchess or DORSET
see entertinuing a party of their distinguished fries&
vat their seat. Euekliurat. Sussex.
i'i ThwEart of Ile 11111110TOS has left his hosts is the
eiable,yard, Si. Janus% so a visit to the Marqeie
1 ed 16411101 ' _ Air TAIFISTOCII, et their wet,
Oesitill tir.Were. Her Ladyship has
left town for 111111.11111114 421vosson, L/erbyobire.
• ,

covEmr.sAfinFlAt rahArtip.

Mr. likowtotro near tragedy of Pirgfoior waft
performed loot might for the first time during the
present season, and with the statue brilliant suoress
*hid' marked its wedgy bon to the liar. The
cast of the characters was very nearly the war. Mr.
MIICREAOT iu iiie principal one, from Which- the
ploy takes its warn,. and winch, by his asenner
playing it, he has rendered hit own. funtiohed
proofs, if passable. of the justness of the repu-
tation it acquired for him —rusitrirs.: with inf.
fret truth and nature thrusec,ll the varicrue. pee-
'lions to which his borrows t. aueeee.ieely and reprAly
subject—.lordly effective in adopting the tender-
ness of paternal affection—the. r.sulee vengvirocte
fur the auesa,settaied friend...or the vacuity and mild-
ness of frenzy produced by on-fortune and derpotr.
The short but dreadful prove b• tweet, the rewal•-
lion and the act of plunging his digger two Ins
daughter's heart, assumed a fearful scrisinsiltinde.
The counterfeit of reality was too terrible for the
Ultfl-e. Of (Hie heap in the first circle, and she was
borne out motrasaless. Oilier passages is Mr.
Macitzsmr's perforasence received dor tribute cf
• tear from many a l'air spectator. The hapless
parent's infuriated es 'nine of the tyrant to drag him
to desnructiors. with the appalled despairing luck of
the letter. winch was errs. strongly assumed by Mr.
ABBOTT, struck a chilly horror to every heart
not Wholly devoid of feeling.. This is the mist
highly wrought of Mr. .RIACREADT'S exertions
throughout the tragedy ; but the incident is in
its nature so shocking to our feelings. that the.
eahrbitroo es almost tow bend'', for the stage. Mies
FOOTE conferred its wound interest and attreettett
on Virginia. Mr. C. KEII3I.E'S hithis. and Mr.
Tues.'s Skeins Beniaius. looser sired 'seceding
merit. The other characters were also well sup-
ported.

After the tragedy the Opera Dancers appeared
fur the third time, in the ballet of Joeonde. A
scene ensued 'precisely similar to that which oc-
curred on the first night of their appearance, ex.
cept that their adversarial were less numerous.
The piece was brought to a close. but such was lite
clashing of discordant sound, how admirers and
eurtniee, that the music was almost wholly lost.
The farce of 7 he Sleep-Walker, comprented into
one act. succeeded ; the pelt of Soma° by Mr.
Yam, fur the Brat time. The language of the play-
bill led us to expect an imitation of Mr. Matitawsi'd
manner of playing the part. and scarcely arty tun.
tation could be more exact. The resemblance was

instantaneously seen and acknowledged by the
audience in peals of applause. In the course of the
performance, Mr. Yrtas gaffe unitslions of the
most celebrated performers of the dry—KRA,.
Youno, MACREADY, &C. &C. In vl.l-
- pasaages of popular plays, and spinet:unto in
the same passage. In must instances the liketirss
to the original was striking and clear, and a perpe-
tual fund of aninsetnent and merriment to r
crowded house.

It will be seen by the Advertisement in the front
of our Paper. that Miss C•REW takes her brurfit
this evening at the English Opera-home. The eu-
te►tainments auhounced for the occasion are calcu.
laird to drew a crowded house, in addition to the
interest the public always feel for a favorite pet.
former. Miss CAREW attempts. ae believe fur
the first time, the arduous, though simple charac-
ter of neje°, and we du Lot think it could have a
more effective representative. The touelihrs me-
lody of her voice, the chasteness of her style, and
general unobtrosivene►s of manner, ■re peculiarly
fitted for the sorrows of the fair American.

Mr. HA It LEY'S benefit took place last oight at the
English Opera-house. slid we are extremely happy
to state tlrat it aus (idly and Gas-biousbly attended.
No one has a better claim► thou this excellent per-
former to public favour, and to ito the public jos..
tice. Mr. 11 ARLEY never makes has claim in Tam.
HENRY BIROUGUA Esti. M.P. was to leave
Brougham Hall yesterday. The Learned Gen-
tleman, we are extremely glad to hear, enjoys good
health.

Earl GREY passed through Durham on Monday
the 18th instant, on his read northward; and on
Tuesday the Duke of NORTHUMBERLAND followed.
•Ilis Grace was only 26i hours in travelling from
'Loudon to Durham, a distauce of 463 milts.
CORNELIUS BULLER, Ent. is the Getitleinao re-
coonnended by the Court of Directors of the nook
of England to 61l up the vacancy in the diri-Ltio,r
occasioned by the death of IleesTort Lotto,
In our fror.t page will be found 44 Report from a
Committee, appointed by the Merchants, Manufac-
turer., and Traders of the town of Birmilighani,
refit-FMK to the state of the trader of that teen, and
incidentally noticing that of the empire in genteel.
It is extremely important, and must Conitlistiti tier
attention of all classes of person.. We lament that •
a press of matter should hare prevented us trine
giving insertion to Oa important a document at art
earlier period; but having now laid it before our
readers, we shall not lose sight of it, but shall take
au early opportunity of recurring to it again.
ART OF GOTLltlett4o.—" 1 neteryet kiir.v a
Water (says Swift) who was not eartitstly rlesir..us
to have it thought that the art of government safe
a moat profound sciencir ; whereas it requirta no
more, in reality, than diligence, hoarse', awl a
moderate share of plain "Wird sense."
The WolverAimploes Chrossiele btates, that it is
the nitration of the utiodtr stock-lock manufac-
turers to that neighbourhood to raise the wages if
the journeymen tcrty per cent.
Mrs. Ploezi 'gives the following description cf
Italia* manners
" I was peseta lately at a private merry-makiag
Mika), where all diatsactions seemed pteasiaely throw.
down by • spirit of innocent gaily. The Sbnquis's d•us...
dor mingled in country dames with the apothecary 'prem.
1.4111g0s obits her trdly arable permits looked so • tub gewerour
patestere,sad enoseraged the mirth of she inonsest. Priest.,
ladies owl geittlentett of this.first %wilily, ramped with the
girls of the house in high good husvose.sed. tripped it away
without the encumbrance of petty pride, or the 11.1151 J nun v
of glinag what obey expressively esti sornssiom, to thorn.:
who sae Wood of their onalpsay sod prelim/too. A us*.
warded wench, ebose little fangs* of &headset crowns h.J
beta gives her by the subscript's* of seen, is Ike MVO.,
seeawd as free *lll tbess all, as der "oat sisal ai.ttilkotiog
of bOil or Aetna 'sold hove sad Mi; she laughed &taw:,

:zl.g

I

i

.

.41;1011/1/1111117•71.11.• can of ttt potty awe. ; m0t:414444a sat
eassicesoramsess whoa ilsapjaliag her, and awpaseutty
twitted to vacate sorb wassirattosa as sle, gres4 cwt
' "therities kara trioi at. The ladraatamird far joy,.rstro.,
raged-1k girl with leas &boxy Utika deinie liekrq4aeo ,
awl promitted a teseralliuddlimat of Mattson."
