GERMAN PAPERS.

M A NHEIM, SEPT. 20.
have at length nuthrotic accounts from
Landau, Irmo persons who were a few data ago in
that fortress.

The National Guards, as well as the regular
troops, have at length submitted to the will of the
King. The first are disbanded, tli-armed, and sent
individually to their respective homes; unti. last
Sunday the last of the regular troops marched out.
The eitizeus mount guard, the gates are open, and
people can go through without obstacle; but no
Allied troops hare entered the place. The sante is
trie euse with Strasburg.
The moderatirm which has been shown to these
two fortresses, which are so foriiiididde to their
neighbourhood, excites a general admiration.
Sevetity-fire thousand of the Russian troops, re-
turning from France, will pass through this city.

13 1., PT. '22.

The return of the Rossialt troops from France
through this city has already begun. Yesterday
several detachments arrived, some of which marched
further,. while the others remained here. We have
already a very considerable number of Russian
()Meets. Double the number of troops .usually
quarteied here are announced for to-day. The
Russian troops that have been hitherto hoe, anti in
the fort Rhine, are likewise pteparing to depart and
join the other-regiments, us. they pass through.—
( Fronk/art German Cu:. Sept. 26.)

VIENNA, SEPT, 17.
The Court Gq:etie of to-day contains the capi-
tulaLion of the li►rtress of Auxonne, which it had
been found necessary to besiege, because the Go-
vernor had not dismissed the regular troops, as
is stipulated in the Convention with the French
Governor. It surrendered us soon as the bom-
bardment began. In Huninguen and A iixoinie have
brut found above 300 pieces of artillery, 1,000 cwt.
of powder, and other very considerable and valu-
able military effects. The whole is conveying to the
Hereditary Statcs.
SIATIMSON, SEPT. et.

The returu of the Austrian. landweb;
makes the main road that passes throne) this city
very lively. Daily there arrive larger or Ms I ler
detachment', winch either pass through dr halt a
day.

stiEtnruAtistx, SEPT. 17.

On the 13th the Duke of &maim, with Ins— two
&lighten, arrived here from Valle, and prereeded
this morning to Meminingen.

I.AtiCinNE, SRPT. Ift.
We are just informed that fort Salem, has capi-
tulated to die Austrians Mid is occupied by th,in,
and that the blockade •f fort Joux 14 raised. The
garrimm of SaFells cm:lasted of roily 60 men, who
marched mit with the honours of war, and had two
cannon with them.

From Pontarher we hear that the Governor of
Bernd has received grders to evaenaie that placc,
and to deliver it up to the A u...trian General ViHada.

ritAsuroar, sErr. c. 2 .

_ - -
Two Saxon regiments .of itifintry of the re-
serve has arrived here to-day from the environs
of Strasburg, awl after halting a day will proceed
In Saxony. All the other Saxon troops are ex-
pected here, 'on their return home.
The French nre much surprised, as we learn from
Paris, that a 6th Prussian corps entered France.
They know by this time, that a 7th corps is also on
its march to France, by the way of Liege. But
how will they be surprised when they hear .tlrat an
bill corps is going to pay them a 'visit ? Even at an
earlier period, they said they could not conceive
how the King of Prussia could procure all those
svldiers.

lIEILBRON, SEPT. 21.
It is already known that Jerome, late King of
Westphalia, is at Ellwangen. it is now vettled
tivit a Wzirtemberz.;, au Att,trlnii, and a Prtivs*Nitz
Commandant, trill he sent to that place. For the
rest; tilt. Ex-liing lives vezy quietly and properly
at Ellwangen, and will very lzkely reside there
alzvas with his wife, the late Queen.

4iF.NOA, SEPT. 1.2.
The insecurity of the Mediterranean Sea increases
every moment, and yet our masts are so defenceless
dint they are exposed to every attack of armed rob-
bers ; this is, for example, the ease nt Spent*, where
the cannon taken away by the English have nut
been yet replaced. As soon HS hostilities began
bettl•erm A Igieis and Spain, the Trilolitasts declared
...or up. Ina Denmark, and have already captured:
eight or tett ships,
'the 11.2e.t of 'Canis, consisting o' several frigates
and sandier vessvls, is ready to put to beil ; it is 110 t
ytt ktiowts wita aloft ithentitta.

Almline 'cot Ntr.ty Ltativitytt near Terracina,
Iscttvreo Moat sintlNplaks, btl/11.1114 4111• I
too cortiozos, attd eavrif the t raver;ers into slavery.

: 40

r.rliT. 131(ITISI1 .1"1.1_,:.55.

LON DON,
TUESDAY, QvrosErt 3, 1815.

The Archduke CnittLts of Austria is expect-
ed in England, in about three weeks, on a visit to
his Royal Highness the PRINCE RRORIFT. The
Archduke made his solemn entry into. Mentz on
the,Wd last, accompanied by Isis august bride.

The Frerierick pireker, Capt. Srxr.stitt, arrived
at Falmontb, from. Coronua, left that place on Sun-
day seuttight, and brings ecrounts that General
POttttlilta hOing; kept pmsetsion of Corti met, Ferrol,
and Batanzos, four dos, mid organi,e4 Provisional
Governments for the province of tiallie'a, marched
with the principal part of 6a troops against Sons
tin o, where the priests mid friars had succeeded
in forming a strongpartyl. leaving about three Wm.:
drerl• men to etund COlllllllll in Ids absence.
-"No uccoanta had been received from Pout.trti
afierhe left Cormina, but on tyre morni!ir of the
t 3 1 lust a report wai circulated, that PoturEa's,
troops had deserted him at the moment lie was
leading them into action, and that the few soldiers
who remained faithful to him had been disperSed.
This report was no sooner known, thin the city wits
scene of the greatest confusion ;, every where
the inhabitants were flying, shuttiog top their shops
and houses, and the 300 men left by rOttLlElt took
fright, run off, and left the place at the inerey of the
Priests and Friars, who immediately collected a
party, and liberated the Captain-Genrral mid other
persons who had been put in coo6oninent by POR.;
I.lhlt, and a great many arrests •110, taken place ;
every one suspected of being, favourable to the
Liberties, was put to prison, and terror was the
order of the day there. Three men were howm ou
Sunday sennight At the montent the packet wits
quitting Comma, it was reported that •PouLtEtt
had been arrested. Previons to this, accounts had
been received at Clornnua, that the province of Ca-
ledonia was up in aims against King -FERDINAND.

Paris Papers to the 30th last have arrived. The
Treaty of Peace appears to have been at length
definitively arranged, and France relieved from all
anxiety respecting her tertitunal integrity. This
favour is industrinni,ly attribitleil to the personal
influence of the Emperor of RusstA, Who is said
to have devoted himself with great assiduity to the
discussion of certain difficulties staked on the putt
of England. The maitre of these points is not
particularised, hut we comsat believe them to have
originated in the English Cnisisiet, if they regarded
the integrity of France. Titt France has, how-
ever, derived some signal advantages from the ester-
tiring of Russia, is certain; for, exclusive of the
flattering commendations lavished on the discipline
and good conduct of the armies of that tuition,
there has been putilisl•ed in the. Gazette, ,
Report from Marshal GOL VI ON Sr: Cyst, Minister

of War, to the Kti o. in wlticli •Ilm's M
jetty to con:er o.i tl.ern POITIe
mony of his royal grafi:tole. Cie recom%‘,.,l,
distribution of Several cordoils of the Ni
Order of St. Louis, ainong the pritie:;.
Officers, laud there .app.atrs,:in enokliaeact,
letter from the Zslitilster to the Emperor ef
enclosing an extract from the Ito}al Or‘liw.wee to
that effect. distitivtion strongly
sentiments entertained' by the French Ca'oist
regard to the lrolitirrl emidirct respectively pinned
he the Allied Sovereigns; (or if it referred solely
to the military diaciplitie obsessed by the troop, et
the different traticnts, it would he as iiniust ir it.
self, as impolitic in its consequences, It iroofos a
.scr..err censure en the others, which, by the:minas.
letl4 .ient of the French themselves, was le: hi)
Ipeaos . tuerited. But eten exclusive of buch
flagrant ingratitude, Louts, itr the poceat e;,..
ecitustarices of Prance, slionld avoid !t invidious
disiii,cCons.; they would neither correct the rola.
.rity of the Pros-islet., or preserve the, ssean.lee
moth;rution of .the British. .Perhaps some future
OrOinotice may attempt to remedy tliii orer-sight,
by cmiferring the same honours on the Officers
other nations : but the priority of fawner coneeilta
to the Itussi:..is, is, in itself, a distinction so mark.
.ed, as not to be compensated by any amendatory
measures.

it 11•••44

The Etnperor of Ituist a left Paris last Thar.
day for Brussels; the Emperor of AUTl`ltit s'es to
set nut the saute day fur Ptipts, en his wry to Italy;
and the King of •Pausst A will take Iris filed dm!,
fare to7morrow,, having previously r. viored bus
troops. His Majesty will be attended by t! Pro:.
Sinn guards, intimating to 21,000 wen. ,It is suited
in private letters, that the Treaty of Peace snintl.itts
for the confirms:lce of 20e,000 of the Al!itd ir•ovs
in France, to ensure the _payment of the con.thitt-
tio4s. They will be • famished by the 111(1,rent
powers itt the following proportions
Hunoverintis, &c.,09,000 ; Austrians, undtu. Coma
BunN,s, 40,000 ; Prussians, under lioueral Tie.
ENZEIN, 50,000 ; Russians, under Woaostqr,
WaEne, :10,000. Thew
32,000; Bavarians, under
troops will. or course, possess several strong for-
tresses, necessary both to restrain.any revolutiouarr
movements,. and to guarantee their own greater m.-
entity. They are well proVided with artillery, ion-
in, excht:,ive of those in the fortresses, 500 puts
of caution. The late French Ministry seem tallied
been removed, not only without disgrace, but cwi
with honours. The King has conferred testimonies
of his fbvi.ur and confidence on several Members of
it ; Prince de TALLEYIRAND has been dignified
with the staff of (brand Chamberlain, and up.
pointed of State, tognAltur with Gourn.s
CYR, PASQI.IIER, and 'Baron Lours, who like-
wise receive Grand Crosses of the Legion of I loaner.
The French Funds are •impwwing. The flee
per Cent. Consols are 601 .; Bank Actions 1,0311
franca. .oar private letters attribute this nenwnet-
pre,ent 31:-
tnent ein_itylence re_ posed in the
Ilistry,N4 Ike opinion generally prevalent, that the
Royal power lies meg uireel an-increased security.,

Late on Situp(lay night c4/3141i) UNDEUWOOD
arrived in Loudon, with dknuttches from I'm,:
They weru received by the Earl of LtvElteool.,,',o
remained in London. Sem after the
gave orders for the summoning of 4 Cabuiti C'ew-
cil
yester'day, ut twthe o'clock, at the Ferrin
Other. - Yesterdily morning, at eleven o'dm k, Ur
Nohre•Euil waited upon the PRISCE REGOT.
Carling' Horse, to lay the contents of the tii.peri,.
before his Royut aiglutess, and at tactic
lie pruertdad.te the. Foreign Office to stter,ll
Cabinet Council, which was uttemied by the Ev.
of HARTtOlyillf,apil BATISMIST, bk. VANSIITII3.
&e. The Council sat in deliberation till m!ma
half-pest one. It is probable that the

eontaioed a copy of • tite Trott,' of Peace. anti ta:
it was the suliject of deliberation.

• On Saturday se:might, a ife,ision of the 11.,
York Militia arrived in Limerick from Dab'
their route to Newcastle, in that county.
On Saarlily se'imirlit the 74tli regiment inv.'
erl into Limerick, to tlo duty.
Jamaica Papers to the emli August lane arriv,
Intel!! liad been reeei red from Ca rtlINgE"
the 9th of that month.. .Martial law had been
claimed there, and every moo from the age of
to 45 ordered to take armk. General PALAfio
army tia;* directed to joie that of CAMFDIANE
and the (.`lininnimler hrd orders to lay. the omit ,
waste on the Approach of ti:e Royal army, till,'
thought they could not aucctssfully OPPOlie it' •
EXTRACT FRO)I A PRIVATE LETTER, DATED 1,1110

SEPT. 2s.

" I have just time to sem! you toe ,o.lnwm•
-Last mil2,lit there nes ngrsiti Arid of. 111:1"6"""
vommotmott ixtbre the Titnilleries. nr

that 01

wliete the tine la:woze,.ltort-31, fruni Veuices
placed oti fire top.ot a friiiknOit).itic)o, It rce:l4
that tiie.4l.U4triatta wished to. retuosi.... Alien;
Airder to aevut thee, • bock te Vtuite.'ol3
WheliCe they Were taken by BONAPA trg. 11 r'll
stippwed.thlt the public attention u•cii!(l no:
rceted to the iettieval duriok ;11.4i!'•
bv(.ore lutitnitig the horse:, would he tal.ri: k:•-•
and couveyed :may. But the voupositivi Po."'
errosteouo. The popithire avveml;lt d' inc,
able ituttihem, exclaithiog iig:fiiq Cie
the Austrians Stets in such blllO
1,147 were forctnl.to retire, awl-the :Wm" I`
the present in 'rata qua There arc at this v.
unlit ul)utit 300 or 400 still welt:bled
.444 r 'X
Thui)leries."
•

0/4„,,,. •
*.- 7,;;;‘ s;eTt.
