him to repair to Peru. He will then ben witness of the enthusiasm
wits, shish the regiments of l'hicas and San Carlos contend against
the iasurgents.and he will know that in these corps there is not a
single European. Thence let him pursue his tour to Lis Bruseas,
A piste well known for its imalubrious and pestilential atmosphere,
sad he will behold there a number of unfortunate Americans, who
were wade prisoners in Upper Pent, and are condemned to the
moo severs toll, and who sutler all the horrors of slavery similar to
that to whicn Christian captives are doomed in the bagnios of Tunis
and Algiers, rather than acknowledge the system of independence.
After hating examined thotruth of these facts, it will not be dif-
ficult to recognise in whose favour the opinion of Peru is pro-
nuuticed.

ENTRY OF BOLIVAR INTO LIJfA.

[Front the Carl/pig:7m Gazette of the 25th October.]

PERUVIAN REPUBLIC.
DON JOSE AAAAAA De new:, PRESIDENT OF THE
aLrirotic Of ►Eao, &C.

In the exercise of the power, !ordain as follows :
" The vessel which conduct* his Excellency the President of
the Republic of Colonthia, befog in sight of Callao, he will soon
arrive at this cayital, attd it is memory, therefore, that the public,
whose i.lol is liberty, should prepare tu receive, with the geeutmt
demonstrations of yoy, the hero wM) his done so much or and
whose presence must be productive of great good to the country.
Therefore--
" I. All the troop. of Pens and the Allies shall form immedi.
'tidy. with their haulm in (he vend to Cala)), near the gate, to do
the fitting honours to his Excellency, the liberator of the ltepublic
of Colombia.
"I. The inhatiltente of all the streets of the capital sle-11 as- l'
seeable iniusedireely.
... 3. On the entnittee of his Excellency all the hells shall ring,
and there shill be a discharge ' twenty-two guns in the Artillery
114.
Pto be repeated at lUD • and at seven of the night an We-
ir
mination shall take place, id:ringing a bells.
" 'rhos; whose duty it is shall watch over the execution of this
order. The Mildew of State in the depamment of tioternmeat
sha)l give an account of iticfuffilnienti.
Given at UM*, the Ist Sept., IiP.CI. " TAGI.E.
" By order of his Excellsocy, the Count of SAN.DONAS."
ENTR.INCE INTO LUBA 131% HIS EXCELLENCY THE
PRESIDENT LIBERATOR OE COLOMBIA, SIMON
BOI,IYA R.
• On Ilona*, Morning entered the Port of (hiPae the fabersior of
cetemaia, whom tenthly we so arcleartly deemed by as, mowed tiw
our exigencine, at a time the eausCroportusse fir the critical cis.
annsisucts in w'nieh ore are pktied. iii is ittsporpible to express
the tams of joy which this emirs!, as man as it was known,
caused in the capital. A thousand rate/eel colours were in an it:-
:stanewaying in lite streets, and oho universal applauNe, the public
!topes wed .petrietimywere expressed in a thousand manners. The
Chief of the Republic and the MOM eiMillgUtSh.d officers flew to
as port to meet him ; the civic bands and the regular troops lined
the avenues, and dt.• people, intoxicated with delight, flew from
every quarter to gratify their de ire% with the eight of the hero, the
most singular model of constancy, who has so. king occupied tame
with bus name his misturtunee, and Ids visturite. l'hanks to
Heaven! esclainied Wile, in the midst of diet enthusiasm, now
uniformity and a correct opinion hal e established themselves anioug
us ; now lie is arrived who will trample on the posed neck of' that
anarchy which threatened to devour us ; his name alone is suffi-
cient to make the seditious tremble. Let the Spaniards conic now,
said others ; Bolivar in with us, and there is now noshing to fear ;
he is alen.e more than a ) army. As great is his misfortuomisfortunesas his
triumphs, Ire learned, to the school tit utter:why, to propitiate tor-
tune, and, as the reword of his constancy, victory now directs his
'steps. The pride of the Peninsular miners will he huuibled—the
ettirit of tleit troops will be depressed, the moment they hear that the
I:benetor of Peru has reached this capital, to sustain our cause, and
due promised not to shestlie the sword so tome as a single tyrant re-
mains in America. It is well known to his Companime in anus in
Boys= and Coral:oho bow exact he is in keeping his pmmiees.
The impatience of the people increased evely instam, and they
could not be gratified till the third hour of the evening, when the
suite began to be discovered at a distance. There were then no
limits to the patriotic frenzy i and amidst the discharges of arta-
hey, the ringing of bells, and incessant 'shouts of thee, lie was con-
veyed In triumph, as it were, to the house destined for hint. There
he was received by a l'omniiesion of the Sovereign l'ongress,
composed of six individuals from its bosom, who, in felicitating
him on his opportune arrival, congratulated also themselves and;
all the Peruvian nation. Ile was afterwmils accompanied to table
hl the President of our Republic, the Chiefs and principal maim-,
nu's; and there, amidst the general applause, nothing was
heard but repeated vows for the denial alliance of the tour sections'
of the Continent; gretitude towards the valiant auxiliaries, atoll.
ration for the hero of Colombia, love for our Chief, and execration
for our Tyrants. ' Veli, now that the new Ilercules has come to
cot off the growing heads of the infer.al Hydra of the Despotism'
which has so long devaluated this vast hemisphere, it will &sap-
pear for ever from asnoug us. In the mean time, receive, gene-
tout hero I' these sincere demonstrations, as the first-fruits of the'
gratitude of a people who admire, love, respect, sad place all theta.
hope* on you. Weighed down here:ills the enormous load aad
time Spanish form concentrated in Its broom, ft was the 13.1 to lova
its chains, and extenuated now, it scarcely mists the efforts of its
Idespair and its fury. Ile the Liberator of Peru, as you were the
Rhino! of your beloved Colombia, and add this new praise M
v., y. Let the world. see that South America hae alto Joe
The civic virtues which, since the revolution
V -*bey lost Illietwileet with Winne
Tell in Europe,lireervived among us : they fleet appeared in
North America, and in you they have plated their throne—in you,
who, glorious with the title of First Soldier of America, were the
defender of the Mee, and arc proud of being, at the same time,
their slave, whilst %tete soul, alone renal io itself, is satisfied
with deserving the honours which it refuse., and only exacts,
as the reward of its labours, the liberty and glory uf the esteem.

DON JOSE BERNARDO TROLL, PRESIDENT or THE RE.
- rentic Err rgati, &c.
The Sovereign Congress has decreed m follows f—
" The Constituent Congress of Peru, desirous of avoiding in
time, by all the means dictated by prudence, the terrible evils pro.
dwell by civil discords, especially when there are external enemies
to combat with, and bavirg die highest contidenoe in the President
Libecator of Colombia, Simon Bolivar, whose personal protection
the Sovereign authority has solicited as the only means of etinseli-
dating our country'is liberties, particularly since the last Spanish
ageposion, have less red as felines
1. The Congress authorize the President Liberator of C'olnen-
bia, Mose Bolivar. to terminste the occurrences, proceeding from
the esollawation of the Government of Don Jose Riva-Aguerro, in
a pat of the Republic, since his destitution of the did June, and
the dboolui ion or the National Representation.
All the necessaty powers shall be conferred on the party in-
trusted
with this ncgoeiatiat, enabling hint to designate, for giving'
effect to it, the person or persors of his confidence.
" Vox will take care that the steps necessary to give effect to
this be taken, ordering it to hr prinmd, published, and tirtulated.
—Given in the 11311 of Congress of' Lima, Sept. 2, 11123.--Justo
Figuerula, President; Jose Maria Chadian°, Deputy Secretary ; '
hlanitel Cohnenares, Ptputy Secretary.
" Let those whom it concerto execute it in all its parts. The
Minister of State in the devrnitent of Government shall give an
account of its excention.—Given in Lima' Sept 2, Ili' —Signe&
Jam Bernardo Tsgle, by orders of his Excellency the Count of
Ssa-honor."--(G4zette of the Government of Lima, Wednesday,
Supt. 3, IBA)
..... . - _

" I). JOSE BERNARDO TAOLE,
The Constituent Congress of Pent, considering that the activity
of an extraordinary power is alocecapable of putting an end to the
present war, and freeing the Republic from the grave evils in which
it c. involved, in consequence of the last Spanish aggression ; and
ieeirg that the national will has been fulfilled by the presence in
this capiud of the Liberating President of Colombia, Simon Boli-
var, who is alone able to effect the above objects, fur which Pur-
pose he was solemnly invited by the organ of a Committee from
the bosom of the National Representation, have decreed as fol-
lows :
" I. The Congress dePosits in the I.iberating President of Co-
lombia, Simon Bolivar, natter the denomination of Liberator, the
supreme military authority in all the territory of the Republic, with
the ordinary and, eatedur.imary points ',Lich the actual situation of
the country demands.
" 2. Ile is equally vested with the political directorial authority,
as necessary from the war, that be may obtain the means necessary
for the public exigeacics.
" 3. The latitude of the power given by the preceding arti-
cles, is such us is necessary for the salvation of the country, with
stitch determinate object the Liberator was invited to our ter-
ritory.
" 4. In order that the army of the Executive Power of the Re-
public, conferred by the National Representation en the Grand
lllaralud, lion Jose Bernardo Tagle,' may not embarrass the effect
of the anterior declarations, the latter shall place him in accord
with the Liberator in all matters of his r.atural attribution, and
that are not in opposition to the powers granted to the Liberator.
:i. The !lanolin of the liberator in all the territory of the
Republic shall be the same as are decreed for the Lxecutive
Power.
" Those to wbom it eppertains shall give effect to this I)ecree,
printing, fublishigr, aicl circulating it.—fliven in the slate of the
I owe., is Lou, September, Itra."

(signatures follow.

INC:EASING THADI or LtYraroor..—From the Ist
of January to the 31st Ikcembff, 18E1, inclusive, nine
thousand rive hundred and seven vessels have reported in-
wards at our l'ustotn-house, namely,
From Foreign Ports and Ireland
Coasters

YEARS. vLsin.s.

5.=
3,5a4)

you 7

TONS. ♦vIYA(:F..
7.795

In 8n

-

9,Stei

H,916

1,120,111 -
3 MO

1,1110,819 - 113

It2Jlt;

Increase - 591 - 109,293
The 'minixr of vtra;els unit amount of tonnage reported
iußarll, in The year tniling December 31st, ISW, was
Pester than that of any other year since the rise of the
Port. We have now 0 e -ratifying pleasure of announcing
7er that year an exc2s: el' nearly six hundred vewicis.—
.'"'Pwl Ca!: Mr.
