I

• .
• ..
of Goof 044 Illb7.lWidirithflOSMl Chloe. It '
would be unnecessary foe.hita, too-enter move at
length into thOwielffeettitinshiAllemstioe specific ob-
jects, to 'hick the ettervbn cv the Coatmismon
wised hi diritcha: ' They 'Oftinfil ffrst iiljitilQ:l4to
thr Mete of the lidiniohyritlon'of the laws and' chill
govereekent'af Melte crobtriii;.)h4'ilhotild shiVero,
'rosins the otate'if the;entirency; afid:it Would all
dbilct. ort heir otorlda, to investigale 'ztiiptel tllh
4eestiorref the eltiviPWtie,itlirett•thity 'ail' of
a,
so ably trepte4this 'evening. Instracttotiti'•
Dien slreedrM iiiit tis' these' Colohiri,r ins eh
would be carried jots eamotion by theie Citthei
'.-
Omen; :vessiritierihe 'llltteseettiosi of tfilli
ow tihgetik e"-1641,140 'Mini oiwittiv. -,4 .i I.
laws. In the Magical", 19 coosectiserico Of . .
risotto iticl tiVAlM.illaliNi the Chltif7thD ke
Commission sme
....peculiarly nectssir):" A' a..'
mission to investigate the Mate of the laws is the
Leeward Islands would' Olin hi tt► pointed. and he
trusted that this would Mitt the views of thst Noble
Lord ppposite (ll.prd Nogent), who had giyea no..
tiolof wohstionon the subject. No time 'mould be.
baths mweying their purpose into execeiton, both,
feted .oat pledr. himself to any specification of
010(401 the (rosqroment were indheed to hope
004610 :luienOckiiiipartld be carriid Wm execs-
Sim Ms: the &pink in:Wilk-4 it was begun, sod that
dmesseht woolchbe generally beerfirmil.
Illft:Wscrettertes expressed •his approbation of
ike appaintmetirimf these. 'CoMmissioners, and
MOO 6' ifigiirt*.w9nlii wfienfl to the couch.
lise.of the cammeedmegreeti.
Lad NO 411151' woocuswed in the propriety of in-
M•
utiog a full biqujry into the condition of these
oms, and he hoped that the Report of the
. ikissioners avoid not be unnecessarily delayed;
Mal be wished to state that he should as early in the
alintilessise as the progress of the Commisnioders
Weald' permit him, more foi leave to bring is a Bill
telatlngto thlixuestion. . • •
Mr. Hulse mod, that whilst he gave his concur-
Noce to the appointmeot or, these,Cvspinippoes as
tending to introducirtoricieri'y itilri the institutions
of those countries which had been hitherto most
iroftisiff advitiiiiefered, he wished it the shene time
to impiris upow-the consideration of llWOOverit•
punt the necessity of sending out a siesilar,eimse
simian to l'iaisled ; but he did not wish to evil
eereensore upon the Governor of that colony. ref
meeting whose conduct he differed in *Orion
Net raspy of Wor Friends, bat such win theme-
. )IM.,ritider which he was. compelled to act, that his
medect sontenines appeared unpleesaut and unpa-
burble. He should therefore propose so addition
to the motion, that a Commission should be sent to
Trinidsd to cumin, the state of the odminisitation
of the Spanish 11,4' ti•dt civil and criminal.
Mr. IiAIIiIYATT mid, that from local knowledge
formerly, and extensive correspondence latterly, he
was enabled to bear testimony to the necessity_ of
extending the Commission to Trinidad. The Hoe.
Gentleman then kotered jut* variouidetails to prime
the troth of the imputations which had been cam
ou the condom of Sir Dolph Woodford. 'the Go-
vernor of that Cmlerry.-
• Mr. Goo LaVallt esti-he hoped the House would
give him credit for better tome, Than to suppose lie
should follow the . Hon. Gesslewsiin through all his
details of accusation and chick, but he could not
sit silent and hear charges so unjust made opium
the character of 'Sir Ralph Wocidford, withbueett
Rressing his reprobation of such • course of pro-
seeeltng. He was prepared at soy time. when the
emissary documents were biters the House, to
Meet the Honourable Gentles*, had prove the
fallacy of •hi. assertions. • ' • . . •
Mr. T. Wilson, Mr. Butterworth. Mr..Wilisot.
Mr. flume, Mr. G._oulburn. and Mr. Wilberfmco.
'said a fewr words each.
Mr. Hums wewsed his amendment, , sad the
question was adjourned until this day.
The other Orders of the Day were disposed of.
end the House adjourned at a Qtraartif Vim'
Two o'CLUCa. _ .

MINO*I rk
• •
Who vutt(ragahist the hied miidliag theLettery
/sly 24,

treeptes, S. - 11104,' /Olin ate*, Spin
Caltraft, Juke WON willisi
bait, William- 'W•Veros,V7G. —MA ASS.
CAPborne, /Wk., lasob,s Moue fit Dow, nb:pit
Pelmet, Fpb. idoeck, J. B.

ROYAL GARDSNIL YADXHALL.
THIS EVENING. FRIDAY. July 26. will
•be *formed *GRAND CONCERT..In ehreVelli
be istottiseed Catches sad Ores ; the helmet's.; Heetninalie-
/DOW Cosmorama*. Preach Theatre. Sobeassies Cur, as:11
W e H
e Werke* the Tight Reme Prodigy sod his fantail
Chetalirr Am:thlay's %ermined FIRE WORKS. in ishici
the Jester Unmoor, /sakes his sestet int lbe Rope. Tie
Wittig Concert; Scotch sod Pmadran Node On prams&
• Was eyes at Half-past Ileeen..—Aalaslesnom 11%.114,
NMI parties may he admitted et Seems ea GaMtlielits.
oar The Promietem hem groat satisfaction in mating
Mr. YATES is seem ea as Csirverably as possible.

THE BRYFISTI PRES S.

LON DON,
FRIDAY, JuLY 26, lea

A letter written in February. by a Gentlemen
t:: the suite of the Marquis of HArnmos, states
:hat they had expected to leave India in June, but
usdermend they will not quit it sooner than
flut,her next.

Nlr. Fiume last night, iu the House of Coas-
oms., produced his Resolutions, which we publush-
,,toti Nloutlay last. The results being _deduced
from arithmetical facts, cannot be questioned.
PALIIERSToIt once observed to Mr. Huge.
:tat the ancient philosopher held no mortal
cce!ti control past events and arithmetic. The
14rressors of Mr. PITT have now got the be.
t tit of an illustration in full. Mr. PITT was 014,
031,:tious of haviog his name inscribed on that re-
/1111111 of the nation's faith, the Sinking Find. As
" :uncle of faith indeed, pethaltr.ll6." never
4"I a belief more unquestioning devout, so there
rtt litYtt ore *lnch proved so costly to the faith-

•1•11/Y-:.4706$1!?Allh: .04.4‘
1041641'64: ti 4631 41.410.166. 047 X
wliat credit it will do to the•toWlioritikealoof
11/41414
tite•t;t?histe 064. .111,r reLl
441. dLCIPtie7.:;?1,)110100.4:;1041,:pt Wilk;
iiiiwOoot re trowel& dikter:of I.ll'itithoww4tt Timor
dittistfilif 'll4 Obit tOoa:f io 40%1110e
• • • • the;l
the bp; always hcietesing the vs ; ae.
floolferf iioliintittsitridf attar
li4e; 41;i11 tweetto‘• wiLcbWiedito MnerMts to in.
feet; if*. bark-tett bf the having.
44'44 0.• '4014 agsk;LiacUrii of one
mitlion • rive -and the !Merry of the sinlrior
matter of devout political be.
lief, is Weed ii,glatious isotopes of .uatiothil faith,-
Plifqiikiti it.

It will be teed ler we-paillmemarbilrapiett, that
on the mritiaili 't, wuifiivia ifw.0.44
of Cornmeal lest aithl on Addreasi to the Crewel
way geed sdbje4 of the shrilieision'o?
slavery at the 4po. Goad Ike* ; which will be
read with feeTioji'er Atk deepest bit#reof by etery
kited of liberty iiilifinverof

„ 5i,.(7.

We have received the Pars Payers up to Tuesday
last.. Their contents are not interesting. The
Gazette Engage pays—The intelligence rela-
tively tettieArroy Of the. Faith, retitived at BeJ
Youhe on .raft 14Lhittetant. was very satisfactory.
The advaocedguard' of General Quintana had er.i
rived at Tarsus. There are no more constitutioii.
alisioremaining io Ma'am.
The last accounts from Cordova announce thit
300 of the rpittiCirahhVeirit aiiichehreeti six and
700 of the 'l)riiiiiricial 'rsipLosetti .f .C4ll ova, have
hettp for; limo dsys past at Castro, whence they
send qeem.to all quarters in the same of the Su-
preme Royal And Military Junta. They are mas-
ters of the whole province. • '• '
Tim Praia-tin 'Government is * this mmitiot
potting is &roe the most rigorous measures ageism'
mere! imoiiitioits. The Senate of the University
trif arrlin has just sentenced upwards of thirty
modems to be banished. They were accused of
haling 14en part in a secret association called
.1 mask.

Spauiah Papers to the 10th inst.; received. at our
Office. state that the number of the lleourrets is
greatly reduced. bet from the eiitentl of their
excesses, we must coasider them as still formidable.
Therelent papers aboeird sriffii aceoturts of their cri.
mioal attempts to disturb the public trangeillity,
and to overturn the Conetiftion. The blow Jtruck
in the capitol, hee, hoseoer, !appended through
every part of the country before this time, sod
satrre.d.. dismay urtu the rseski Or the Insurgents.

The following intelligence was yesterday re-
ceivid 1..4.0yg0!s this mornits6:-4-

- 0111111ALTAlti JULY 4.
The• St. ro.fo Spanish ship of the line has sr-
rired at from Algitrs, and confirms the sa
ingot of the unsatisfactory ta►n which the negocio.
ticia betweisi the-Spanish rad Algeriae Governments
had taken. •

The Spanish Vice-Cohanl had left Algiers, and
the Government has made these circumstances
officially known, in !infer that Spanish rierarit-
tnen may be upon their guard against any hostile
attempts of the Algerine eruisers."•
Eztiact from a letter from the Agents to LLOYD'S
ist Trieste, 'Wed .-9th instant:—" AboOt lop. ni.
Oth instant, it blew a tremendous gale from the
but fortunately it hulled about midnight.
Several vessels would have been lust had it cositi-
Wucilair hOur ur two longer. The'dstosge done to
British shipping is trilling ; fear or five Austrian
• f
.vessels were driven on shore, but' gat off. 'Some
smaller craft were sunk."

. .
► An opportunity will now beafforded to the ire.
•habitaiits of the great and influentiul county of
York, to, express their sentiments on the sohject of
Parliamentary Reform. Walter Fookis, Esq. of
llFtir4eY no!, the zealous advocate of popular
.rights,. has put forth as animating addeess to his
motive county on the subject. In this athireas, Mr.
:Fawkes iovites the lesettitg friends of Reform to
meet him at York,. on Thursday, the Sad of August,
to take into consideration the most efficient means
to forward the cause of Reform; and it will then
he determined whether it will be most expedient
to form so association on the principle of the cele-
brated association of 1782, dr to call a county
meeting, or to Jo both.—( Leeds Mercury.)
An English gentleman is about to undertake in
France ail enterprise, fur which be has obtained the
sanction of the FrenehOnvernment, of considerable
magnitude and importance. It is to establish
steam-boats, of about 70 sons burden, to take pas-
stogers and loggate from Calais to Paris, in 33
hours, by the circuitous route of St. Omer, Lille,
Dottai„ Canters', St. Quinine, soil Perron. This
enterprise win open a free and eotty communication
nut only between distend parts of the' country with
each other, lita with those parts and the capital,
.which, hut for the application of steam to such ob-
jects, could never have existed.
It has given us sincere pleasnre to learn, that
under the juditlons management or the Luilites•
Corni&rtee to. /slestgate,the ft male Prisoners there are

. ..
employed iu making up into *rodeo or apparel for
the female poor iti lrolond lions nisterials preirnied.
•Or from purchaser cf •materials by donations from
itufivirldtla c•xpreslly for that pirrpoi,e.;. addthatthe
girls iii the criarity schools are in many pieces busy
in the same unistarr, in .giving etlret to the beuevo-
knee so highly lioilourable to thiorourrtry:

• - - • th• r
or. , •
"r4lb. r
•41/.!....- •'•• r- . *OW
-•••- ' • •
.r • • Air' •••
• Pik CUUft T.•
• Yerferfti ste IssiVeleo'etnelt. his Nre'StOr
held if ittPart-llial; .11114:VO:
etteesd.4*.—. , ,
Toe ,2AO chineejlef 2 Our Virg Laird attic Treetrianfrithe
Lord. Prier ,teal;. ale Seereterieo.of Stair-AN the Jamey
FurnkSe. and Colonial ,Dritefflowmas Pemdella 44-Alat
Board of Tee& ; the JlNegkfret dafAlbe, Board of Control
Lord Steward, she IN osterof tire Horse; the Gnrogn of the
Stole, the Virer.chatatheateirohe I,troirtrolik rof the Hamra,
bald; Vuocouiet Sildraattthy the g<pluf kiarriftitton, Gold-Stick
in Wallies I, Zed De la Warr, .Wainitst2; itir Mile.***..
Tomer, Grove St Waiting.;
.4•Jirarar dee of Londe?, Sic.
His MAJESTY held e Privy Counted stir. • when
the Recorder "of 'Lesvos wee admitted" boa the
pretentie •of the Kis° id Cousek bk;
Report of the • convicts pAPitally..eaaiviclatlsiss Apse
last Sessions, held at Justice Hatt; in ..skro 014
Bliley; wheat occupied - but e short time; ihst fie
understood his MAJESTY cars graciously Ylesrld
to reapitOthein all duritiji his loyal pleasure,. ~
TbO limo gage andiences to Mr. P sok Ow;
Marquis) er WiscuLtirso. and the Matted* sor
• •
Lonvoidlialy. , •• •
• • • kilo--

'es 1110MDLILIgAgiat
-raw. . w-t•

The Dowager Itlarehiooem of Dessaddeg peo sa elegem,
de jets,* yesterday to a onmerono-porgy of distinguished
fashionable* at her seat at Roehamploo.
Lord sod. Lady Forester win cons as elegant ontetTain-
114fIll 10 a numerous party of diotiopariabed visitors 00 t►e
9th of %mot smooth, is, honour of their eld•rt 9.14 Collailig of
won that day, at their mat, Willey Pask Salop.
Sir W.Stirriag. Bast, will eat/atm. the Dossger Dashes*
of Richmond, the Wits Lemma, sad a large party at dia.
ocr this day at his, bowie to P.ll.saall.
