Brous. I Peilir. I 011,108111. Beer or Rig.
s. d. s. s. 4. s.
d.
-59 10 82 4 38

IOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

► the prilieoplea of the Conon;lnfion. The Consti-
! tutional Government is the government of opium's.
If the press be enchained, by whom will milosioto
itself be enlightened ? This new power in Ps son-
; perceptible march. supported oil resents. oiverbearn
; every reanitinice—mines, salmi and destroys the
' nneirlit ittstittaluas when they obi loot repose nos the
general intrust, 'Floe slavery of the press haw ever
been followed by the debasement nod the no.pirry or
tire profile. The speaker terminated by di•rus.ing
the different 'wasn't.' ialiwtetl ou the crimes of
the press, which he thought in icrnerat too severe.
111111 proposed that they should be reduced one Ilia.

Ai. Closhron sir Sublime, the third name isi-
Itcrilred, war called to the tribune, the sec 1 be-
ing &Went. He beAssts by tracing a picture of the
licentiousness of the prow. " Have we not seen,"
raid he. '‘ seenilwriodscal writers blast at once la.
heist and courage? Hove •we not seen the honour
of Ilse Deputies insulted, a sacrilegious rye direct-
ed even towa•ds the tun that contains your secret
thought, and annousoce to France that the
speakers. after having spoken at this tribune
in favour of the law of elections, afterwards gave
their rotes contrary to the opinion expressed in their
isi,ert•hes. It is tom to have recourse to she Correc-
tional Tribunals to repress such excesses. Their
judgments have h,sil use influence on opinion ; they
li4ve tr►itated and not cosrected. Sentences have

multiplied crimes, and in this unequal conflict
licentiousness has mortised, unl displayed a mote
threatening aspect. A jury taken by chance would
he on less improper to repress such enormities.
Misled by a false public m in its presence
the culprit would disappear, and the jury would see
in the writer soothing but a man of courage, also
dared to encounter power. A PIWCi II jury then
would be necessary to try the crimes of the prest—
o jury, a stranger to every party spirit." Alter la-
menting that in the proposed law sufficient atter,-
bon was not paid to the crinie of teligious pram*.
tion, he proposed that the article relatitig to that
subject should be framed thus:—" Every outrage
offered to the religion of the Sate, or to any other
form of worship, to public 'morality, or to good
manners, shall be punished," &C.
M. Benjamin Constaot said he should waste the
time of the Chamber in speaking at length on •
subject with winch every one must be well ac-
quainted, for the peewit law was the twentieth on
this subject which had been debated in the Legisla-
tive Assemblies of France during the last 30 years.
Although inscribed to speak against the law, he yet
acknowledged that its first principle was worthy of
approbation. It reposed on a maxim clammily
true, namely, that the press was but the instru-
ment of crime, and could neither create nor define
it. He then proceeded to a minute examination of
the project, sonic parts of which were not, in his
mind, sufficiently explicit, and to there respectively
he proposed various verbal amendments. If throe
were adopted, he should give ho consent to the
law, but otherwise he should find himself under the
necessity of voting for its rejection.
The discussion was then adjourned to the follow-
ing day.
TEIII,III (GEORGIA), FEBRUARY 10.
Ois the 29th of January, during the night, two
shucks of earthquake, pieceded by a hurricane and
a subterrsueous noise, were perceived here. They
were very violent. At ten o'clock they were so
violent, that the Inhabitants. although familiarised
to these sorts of phenomena', were seised with terror.
With the exception, however, of some old houses
being thrown down, uu injury was sustained by
the inhabitants.

CONITANTINOPLE. M•RCH 11.

The Ministers and Ambassadors of the different
Powers of Europe, assembled in this capital, per-
severe to the protests they have made relative to
the order issued by his Highness concerning the
juridical authority they affect to exercise over the
subjects of those same Powers, who are guilty of
offences which may be punished by the laws of
Turkey. The Spanish Embassy, in particular.
has addressed very lively representations Oh this sub•
ject. The Grand Seignior has replied, that lie will
not relax the rigour of his order, rod that if any,
Spanish subject shall commit an off-nce, he will
have him punished inatisediately, to afford e proof of
his jurisdiction.
