ILONDOW .ti! .
..--;iteNDioremimmess t, tett.
Yietited.7. at • quarter past- Lee o'clock, his
arrived at his Palace in Pall-Nag, from
:10011,•wich, where his Manta:M.444d at half-
iour...gfar pertieektro ME leer seireqrsta
•••

-J' ~r

• -
.11111:111.114 reductious in all the Royal Dock-
fletio 110-1111 Aug them to a permanent peace.esta.
10111061. kin been decided upon. The number
etiMiellisie mid labourers discharged from Ports.
nmAth Deck-yard since March last, is about 300;
abont[ll3omoce ore to be discharged. These num•
ben; Mill toclude the whole of the labourers and
scatelmes, whose duties are to be performed by me-
chase& chitin the peace ; so that all the workmen
in the dockyard retained (1,400) will be mechanics.
This total numb" Memlesine of those who work in
the wood millwrights' shop.
and rapemakaw in Mormleee• about 300 more.
When the bits* 'tilidutaged has reduced the
[ whole to. ANA MN was it will then be decided
'whether the mess iholl 'resume working on Setup.
.days t should they, the numbers will be further re-
's-awed by discharges, until their number is 4000;
but, if they shall matinee to work fire days only
iethe week. the Dumber* will be reduced by
esimaltim only, rimier that number (1,800) remains.
1111 e men afterward will be permitted to work
hours and earn more money. Friday night
illy men were discharged at Portsmouth, being the
Mb forteightly discharge, with the addition of ten to
tatabuisber. All the future discharges will be la.
towers and emeelteen. There are still 1,000
ihip*tights in the dock-yard. it. is calculated
that; eteateolly, nearly 900 men will be die-
-dined, mast of whom, with their families, it is
fearfully apprehended, will become a burden on the
parish of Potties. The Mayor of Portsmouth has,
in compliance with a requisition signed by • great
number of respectable inhabitants of that town and
Portsea, called a meeting for Wednesday neat on
this distressing subject, so materially affecting pro.
petty and trade in these towns, and to discuss the
propriety of petitioning his Majesty's Ministers to
tame the convicts now employed is the Dockyard
to be removed from thence, to make room foe the
honest labouring class of the community, [ and
. thereby averts as ash as nay be, the comequences
this gdoctimi.

. .
..-.lltirrenuet.—.Notwithoisadieg *lithe boasted
',professions of the present Government of France, in
r of the abolition of slavery. it has been for
-Mae time asserted in the English papers that no
elate nation in Europe carried on that abominable
ir*ffie, the slave trade, to such an extent as the
Imbjects of Loots XVIII. We have heard this
• denied by the writers attached to the French Go.
tenement, and were willing, in consequence, to
think the statements of the London editors exag.
prated.. Now, however.. we. are compelled to be-
all they have said on the *abject ; for, by an.
thentic accounts received at Philadelphia from
Cuba, we learn that a French brig from Africa
• irids ass hundred and sixty slaves on board, had
arrival at Hymnal' on the 10th inst. having been
betioglit there by Captain READ, of the sloop of
war Hemet. The French slave•trader had been
. captured on the 6th, by the Colombian cruiser, Ge•
•sere! Pees, and afterwards taken possession by Capt.
h.r RIAD. Heavy as the sins of Naroteow were,
'**tain free of that enormous crime of trafficking
in-tamman flesh. !ditch is now permitted with
*
by the reigning family of France.
21.4110 eff•that his family owes to the Sovereigns of
..flimpsoray.without whose exertions it would have re.
iliti.iestfor ever in exile, has riot had the effect of
*glateisiiig titfavourable hearing of the remonstrances
presented by the different foreign Ministers against
continuing a system ao disgraceful to the national
obarocter of From, mid sw ebhoereot to the feel.
kg. of humanity. The Ministers, insensible to
the sufferings of the much-injured natives of
Afiica, present a deaf ear to their reiterated corn.
plaints, throw aside as waste paper the numerous
memorials preseuted to them on the subject by the
other Sovereign*. and by pursitiog a course so un-
worthy the chariest? Of 1 greet natio., give a direct
eacnuragetilent to iktin people to continue a trifle
which degrades them in:the eyes of the wor!d ; bat
the day of retribUtion will come; the cup of ini-
quity must fill sometitne-too hue, we su.reet, for
.the authors of crimes that are perpetrated. but not
for the cause of .justice.—(New York Papers,
Jolly 27.)

Letters from Lisbon of *the 17th loot, brought by
the moil which arrived on Saturday, state that the
impanels= 'foe on expedition spinet Bahia were
in progresg. In addition to the division which
sailed • few weeks back, consisting of 600 men,
and which has ere this reached Bahia, soother de.
tachineat of the same Airco soiled from Lisbon early
at August. sad was to be followed by •bout i,soo
more troops, which would complete the eapeditioo
destined ogaiust Wis. No attempt was meditated

gsroataptither'previoce of the n!gails... litteWsi
=Ala arriv,ed at reti• 'or tios .Tnaisinn
ran. consisting of three ehiprAf oar. being '
•• • • t• •
at *ea; and to consequence of the ism 4eterini-
nation of the Portuguese (invest $& disco.-
tinue the paymeut of tribute to trill- hOrbetiano.
animal encounter
Was expected. it 'Sewed.-
tions injurious to the Portuguese nemserce were
anticipated. _

We are sorry to leans, by a kite! film the agent
to LLOYD'S, at Malta, dated the is/y., that
the plague has Riede its appearanse S daS cease
opposite to Corfu.

Extract fro. a Letter received from an Officer
stationed at Corfu :

" comm. JI/LT.I3, IBM
" When we het arrived is this delectable Weed jes re.
presented) Ger astesisheneet sad dieeppelatasent *ere es-
Mese. This seethe preyed, ea experience, to ha the reverse
if desirable, aid there Were few sameeget es time 'wield set
have Prelkered the West hike; however, habit shay say is
seessainateve, sod we are, per hire, assearrhat reasewiled Se
t sow. The regiment (SIN) is at present 40/11114 Vii. three
earspaisise at hats Magri, wee at Paso, tbsistashieg
four here. It is expected we shall aredishilir* he fee.
war plane. This dimness of the carpi 411 astde we*
thee a yaw. I hope to ream:is here ;TA bad sa Na kS.id
is, it is a theesaad times preferable as the oiler,. Tou may
owes she to fereirlo yes with seen sews ef the stale of the
war between: the (hicks sad Ike Turks, but is nip, as the
only ieferseation we have arrives through the Papers. I be-
lieve, is the Mores only, she Ismer have the advestage: bet
this I keow, that sever was war carried ine with such horri-
ble atrocities and &welly es bath sides. The aceseate yes
have read,reelit lee, are slight is comprises with what have
aeteally takes place. Heaeasity shedder' at the here real-
levies l Mary of oar lade have bed severe snacks of fever
cad ether couppialete; at preens they see is tekesible
heelth. It appears yes have had aseseal heat is asielsold he
the seasee, were so than we have here Ceti visas Mss seine
bees above V.; but sus honest thee is is Ni
shire Telegraph.)

A Flanders Mail arrived lost night with Papers
from Brussels to the 31st last. The following are
extract.

BRUSSELS. AVOVIT
His "Royal Highness the Doke of Cambridge
and suite arrived hers yesterday from Hanover, sod

put up at the hotel de Belle Vie. His Royal
Highness set out this morning for IL•adeas.

Our accounts from the frontiers of France, dated
the day before yesterdsy, say. that it was generally
reported dist several corps of troops of all arms will
very shortly receive orders to commence their march
from the northern frontiers for the south of France.
Already several regiments of horse and foot are
spoken of as being destined for this purpose ; among
others. part of the garrisons of Lille, Missy. Arms,
Cansbrisy. Sedan, and Mets.
A letter from Frankfort mys„ that the marriage
of the Prince Royal of Sweden with the dapghter
of the Disko of Leuchpuiberg is resolved Aspen. but
that as the Priocess is Duly IS years of age, it will
be deferred till neat year. It seems that the diffe.
mace of religion will not be an obstacle, sad that
the Princess will retain her's. She will bring to
Prince Oscar a dowry of a milliat of .fronts, which
was given to her by Bonaparte at her birth as
Princess of B.ologna.
It is observed that for some time pest the Jour-
nals of St. Petersburgh, and especially
.the Coo.
sersofeur Impartial, contain articles petiteesiarly
directed against the present state of things' in
Spain.

It is stated in letters from the frontiers of Mol.
&via. that the Sultan, to give some satisfaction to
the Russian., has promised to have • Christian
church built out of the walls of Constantinople.
The time and place are not yet fixed.

A house at Amsterdam has received a letter from
Florence, of the 7th August, written by its cartes-
pondent in that city, as so answer to the repeated
applications of Italian. French, and German homes,
respecting the fate of the Greek marchants of Scio.
He gives the names of 209 Greek merchants mas-
sacred at Scio.—(Brussels Papers, Await 30

Accounts lbeee Bayonne. dated the deth of Au.
gust. speak of the affairs of Spain iu si More satis-
factory and encouraging tone than we •bave heard
for some tune. The banditti, who, under the name
of g‘ the army of the Faith," listre-of late infested
the north and western parts of Spain. meant mails.
tern the contest against the power of the econstites
lion sad the force of public opinion. Theitat
seems to have been much overrated. They oteelpy
no towns of iinportarice, bet their parties quid: dm-
tachmeuts occasionally intercept the eremenemlees
lions on the highways in one et tow prosionok and
are the masters of sundry ►idges otenimafaisibi • It
species of deseltory warfare may. by wadi imem"
be sustained for months. to the greet injoey the
country ; but, with respect to the ultimate fieebility
of the constitutional system of government. It ear
not offer any serious grounds of spprehemisin.
A paragraph in the St. Seisarsion ✓eertal soya,
that .4 PriOce Mammy KM his declared in a omens'
ter note that Austria declines engaging in the amm.
ed interference in the affairs of Spain. solicited by
Russia." What a number of points are in this
paragraph assumed as incontrovertible ! We lib
hence to collect that Bessie bad made a kind dap
mend of the Emperor of AUSTRIA, that he Amid
take up arms for the purpose of arranging the
affairs of Spain. according to some scheme
ot• government which it might please the inr
periel cooperators to suggest; that notes ham

,
"st
14111.4.1.81 M leittm'a 7—-1 its
• :11•41,1•400
!ea
~ ••, •y !
•
* BRlti PRES &
