COOKING BY STEAM AND HOT AIR.

Q LATER'S improved PATENT STEAM KITCHEN
1.-1 for Conking in the most complete and economical manner,
combines the advantages of an open fire place for roasting, &c.
affording a constant supply of boiling rater, and is capable, if re.
quires!, of warming vapour or water baths, rooms, dressers, &c. at
a distance of one hundred feet or more.

The Steam Kitchen for Skips' use is on the same principle. but
made portable, and so arranged, that during the process of Cook-,
mg, four quarts per hour of pure fresh water is produced by distil-
lation from that of the sea, and eight quarts per hour duAag the
suspension of that operaumi, thereby securing, in case of need.
ninety-six gallons in the forty-eight hours, with a certain saving of
one-half the fuel necessary for the use of any other kind of ap-
paratus.
The simplicity and uniform arrangement of the whole, without
being liable to be out of repair.: together with the exclusion of every
kind of inconvenience arising from badly-tinned coppers, excessive
heat, or disagreeable smell, are advantages obvious to every one.
The Patentee's former Steam Kitchen and Roaster, with recent
improvements (and of which more than live thousand families ex-
perience the advantages). continue to meet with general approba-
non t and, with the New Patent, may be seen, SLATER'S Im-
proved PORTABLE FILTERING JARS.
At the Show Rooms, 3sl, Strand, opposite SOMERSET-
HOUSE, London.

The Bishop WAsiehllabi preowned Moiler petitions* from fens
r=dye ti is of which we couid not hear ;as did [out Bat-
roni the inliabidlints of Stroud, Sevenroakm and Maros* in
Bent; and-LOS Caltherpe, from (ile,stonbury and another plans
in Somers/Wind ; Woo Alton, in !Omit ; and Berkhempstead, in
Hertfordshire. which were severally laid on the table.
Earl If /HMV LNOR presented a petition from the inhabitants
of Worksop, in Nottinghamshire, and from thObe of Cali cram and
Epperstone in the same county, on t his subject ; in offering which
to the notice of their Lordships he wished to observe, that tour pe-
titions of a similar nature lied been previously presented from Not-
tinghamshire, and two front the adioinirg. county, Derbyshire,
Their Lordships must be aware of an institution callod the African
Society. whose funds had born most beneficially applied with re-
ference to this subject. That Society was to meet to-morrow, and
the House must be aware that the Members of it must be anxious
to know the views of Ministers on this important question. He
was ready to admit, as he had done on a former day, the aeruracy
and precision with which the Noble Earl at the head of the Colonial
Deperunect had stated the cam for the consideration of anti.
.Lord-
ships; but still there did not atria, from the Noble Earl's mate-
ment, any likehlund of much bring done for the extinction of
slavery. 'The great object of the measure appeared to be, to give
greater futilities of manumission to slaves. M.ith regard to the of of slaves, he recollected that it was a question mooted four
years ego, whether the children of sieves could legally be considered
the property of their parents' masters. fie should wish to ask
the Noble Lad opposite, if they were considered in that light at
present. With reference to the Ecclesiastical establishment, he
wished to be informed how that was to be paid—whether by the
colonies individually or collectively, or by the country ? There
was a third point upon which he wanted information : it was, whe-
ther it was the intention of his Majesty's Ministers to introduce any
Bill to regulate the general subject brought forward by the Noble
for the Colonies on Tuesday last ?
The ad of LIVERPOOL in reply said, that it could not be
expected of him, in the absence of his Friend, to whose department
the subject particularly belonged, to answer a variety of questions
put to him by the Noble Eral opposite. If the Noble Earl wished
for infonnetion upon these points, he had better make a specific
motion,
hipswhie.h would bring thew under the immediate notice ashen
Lords
Earl GROSVENOR, alley what had fallen from the Noble Earl
at the head of his Majesty's Goveminsnt,would refrain from urging
questions connected with this aubjegt, farther than by assuring him,
that it model be very desirable if the Noble Earl would state,
whether it was the intention of ministers to follow up rhea Wows
ment of Tuesday last with env legislative measure ?
The Earl of my ERPOOL could only repeat to the Noble
opposite, that if be wished for ioformation he had better brie .th
subject forward lit a tangible shape, and then his Noble
(Bathurst), or any of his colleagues, would be able to answer qua.,
dons put to them. If Noble Lords opposite chose to corm to close
quarters with his Majesty% lfliniaters, as the whole or any part of
this question, they would be misty to meet them ; but he muld nod
be expeetell to answer questions thus kweislir thrown out.
The petitions were thin laid on the table.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN presented petitions of a Winne
nature from Bronlyard, in Bream/ :Mire ,• Amesbury, in Wilts ,
and Brentwood and Romford, in Essex. The Noble Marquis re,.
marked that after what had fallen from the Noble Earl opposite,
although ha wood with his Noble Friend Kira as se hie
view of the statement of the Noble Secretary fee the ' ies, he
should forbear from saying any thing on the subject. Indeed it
was one of such vast importance, that he did not wash to demise it
incidentally; but be could not avoid expreasing. a hope, that it
would long *envy the attention of his *imam* end that
House.—The pedtions were laid en the taSle.
The Earl of D.IR NLEY also promoted a similar petition from
the inhabitants of the town of Gmyeeend, jp bent, which cold lal4
On the table.

—MESSAGE FROM THE COMMONS.
Mr. Ilrogden, and other Members from the Common+,
brought up the Weights and Measures Uniformity Bill ; which
wu read a first time.
IRISH COURT OF EXCHEQUER BILL. ie.
The Irish Court of Exchequer Bill, the Sugar Bounties Bill,
and the Female Orphan Asylum Bill, rem read a thud time and
passed.
STATE OF IRELAND.
The Earl of DARNLEY, in reference to the returns that had
been laid that day en their Lordships' table, stated, that he per-
sisted in his intention of bringing the general subject of Ireland
under their Lordships' notice on that day fortnight ; and that on
Thursday next he should present sermal very important petitions
relating to the late Tithe Composition Act.
INSOLVENT DEBTORS' ACT.
The Earl of,Vi'ESTMORL4ND presented a petition from the
inhabitants of Bristol, praying for an alteration in the Insolvent
Debtors' Act..—Ordered to be laid on the table.—Adjonnial.
