cate even an indirect participation of Prussia in
case of w
PIEDMONT, AUGUST 3.
it been Russia and the Porte.

from slavery, is considered by the Turks as is chi-
merical project which catmint be put in execsition.
The inhabitants of the Monti, but particularly
the Mainotes, engage the atteution of the Divan.
It appears induced nut only to confirm their for.
met' privileges, but to make some additions to
them.
The Foreign Ambassadors and the inhabitants of
Pero, are in the eisjoymeot of tranquillity. Baron
Strogonott contioues under strict surveillance at
Bujukilere ; he iti hated by the Divan, but pant.
culary by the Gonad Signior.
The troops destined for the Mores, are by no
means in a state of discipline ;- they lay waste the
environs of the capital. The populace are irritated
against them, and wait with impatience the time
of their departure. The admission of Janissaries
to the Doran, has had a good effect among that
body of the soldiery, and several have acquired by
their love le order and their humanity the friend.
ship of the Tissilish inhabitants, and even of the
Greeks. The statement that the Hellenists are
ragskrd in the formation of a Provisional Go-
vernment in the Motels is fully confirmed. The
Goren ttttt rot will be placed tit the hands of a Senate,
composed of deputies of all the districts of the pe-
ninsula. Leoutart, at small town in the centre of the
Morro, is fixed on as the place or. stosidence.
Notwaltstaniling the presence of a great number
of Turkish troops in Moldavia, that province
is not entirely its the power of the Turks ; fur nu-
merous detachments of Greeks, Animists, amid Wal-
lachia's', traverse Molds% ta in different dtrections
and do great damage to the Turks who ale relit
against them. lit case of a check they can retire
into the Austrian territory, where they are received
now as well as ii, ROMA. . ,

SPANISH PAPERS.
CADS?, UMW 15.
It is said that a brigantine and a corvette will sail
for Vera Cruz with :inn arullerrnen, and that a
battalion of troops from the garrison of Horan-
traders also to he vent thither: other troops will be
seat to replace it.

MADRID. AUGUST 14.
The Journals and letters from different parts of
the Peniusuls received yesterday and to-day, con-
tinue to give assurances of the, excellent public
spirit which is every where spreading itself. Scarcely
is any party of marauders heard of, when imme-
diately the Authorities proceed with the greatest
activity, promptitude, steel *rut, to take the neces-
sary measures to flee from this pest of society, the
districts in which these unworthy Spaniards *hew
themselves. The troop; mud the National Militia
dispute with each other the honour of going against
the marauders, smugglers, &c. None of the good
patriots are deterred ley the fatigues incident upon
the traversing of wools and mountains in search of
them, and such is the ta2erness of the troops and
National Militia is the defence of , order, that the
A uthositirs (in their inexpressible satisfaction) are
sometimes obliged to employ more persons than are
required, in order to satisfy the repeated applies-
times which many make to go,even at their own ex-
pense, to externiinate the doistfected.
Andalusia continues to enjoy the best health, and
the greatest vigiltince is employed on account of
the season to avert evils which have been formerly
so fatal. The papers and letters from Barcelona
are not of a later date than whet we have already
published. It was coulidetilly hoped, that the evil
would be stopped at ins conarnencetuent, every
precaution having been taken which the critical
nature of the cue required.
The theatre of Barcelona still continued its per-
formances. doubtless in consequence of this confi-
dence. The profound tranquillity which prevails
in all the populous cities in Spain, where. for a
thousand reasons which every body understands,
some disturbances might arise, prover in the most
convincing manner that public tranquillity is com-
patible with, or rather the sister of political liberty.
and the liberal principles prevail without resistance
among the enlightened majority of the nation.
The tree of liberty is a plant well calculated to
thrive in the fair climute of Spain, and hence we
see it take such deep root and produce such ia'lv
and excellent fruits.—((ueeto de Madrid,olug. 15.)
MADRID, AUGUST 1(i.
' Our accounts from Valencia of fith August.
bring • pruchernatiou of the Political Chief, which
states, that his Majesty has ordered 10,000 reels de
de welkin to be paid to Juste Navarro, for Swim,
killed the famous Alarrami, one of the chiefs of the
baud of Jaime Alfonso. A reward of 30,000 reels
is offered for the spprrherision of Jaime himself;
10,000 for that of each of lus individuals who have
been more than four years with him (so long has
he carried Oa leis depredatione)..osed 6,000f0r each
of the other persons who belong to:the band at the
publication of this Notice. •
Almost simultaneously with the publication of
this decree, Jaime contrived to take prisoner a son
of the above Juan Navarro, •nd hr has had the in-
solence to send to the afflicted rubel, demanding
2,000 piastres for the liberty of his son, assuriono
him that if the sum is not paid within six days, the
boy (a lad of fifteen) shall be flayed slice ! What
• dreadful slternative for a poor father. He is
doing his utmost to collect this Cllolllotlll sum. and
sonar generous inhabitants lure contributed ; and
the,' the demand of Janne that the father himself
shall being it to the Sierra alone, without any escort !
How ! hazard at once the money and the lives both
of the father and the run !

Is it not a disgrace to all Spaniards that in
the middle of the Peninsula- a banditti should
speak and command as despotically as the Sultan
at Constantinople I %Vho can reckon himself safe
from the stteutpts of this audacious wretch who
laughs at all the measures which the Gortsnment

_ .
We bear that ■ Convention has been concluded
between our King, who resides at Modena, and the
Austrian Government, by which 12,000 Austrian
troops are to occupy till the end of September
1822, certain districts sold towns mentioned in the
Convention. The Austrians are to relieve their
garrisons every four mouths with troops from the
Milanese. On the other hand, King Charles Felix
pays 300,000 francs per month. aml furnishes
daily 12.000 rations of bread. Various reports
haring been spread in Upper Italy respecting an
intended interference of Austria in the internal
affairs of Sardinia, his Majesty Charles Felix has
caused a circular note to be delivered to all the
Foreign Ministers at Modena, which note has been
also communicated to all the European Courts, in
which these reports are formally contradicted.—
idllgemarine Zeitung, August 19.)

_

....

-
-

FLANDERS MAIL
FRANKFORT, AVINVFT
The Imperial Russian guards, cantuned on the hanks of
the Dwins, as well as the corps in Luthania, and the first
corps of the first army, have received orders In make one
march is advance. These troops receive their rations of
provisions and forage every five days. They arc to quit their
cautooments to approach the southern frontier•, where the
army of the south, commanded by Gen. Count Wittgesistein
is already asiemhicd.
P. irate MICCISUIIIII say, that the army ahich the Porte hits is.
trembled on the shores of die Bosphorus, 111110U1111 10 100,000
men, the greater part consisting of the hordes that have come
from Asia. The inhabitants of the countries through which
such an army shall pass, are to be pitied, fur it is well known
that the Asiatic soldiers, who are soder no kind of disci-
pline, pillage sad lay waste every thing in their way.
The Duke of Wellington. who arrived on the 17th at Cob-
lents, having inspected the immense works at Lbrenbriets
stein, ►et out on the 18th for Ems.
FRANKFORT AUOUST 22.

An aide•de-camp of tire Duke
.of Cambridge arrived
here yesterday, and brought word that the Duke of Welling•
too would lint come here, as we expected, but his Grace
having arrived at Mayence at eleven o'clock ■t night on
the Ifhh, set out again at six o'clock next morning for
Paris. We learn that it was In consequence of receiving an
express from England that h,s Grace set out Ruthlessly fo►
Paris, instead of paying a visit to Hambu►gh, and then
going to Runspelheans, *Wreathe Duke of Cambridge Ws
been for some dim..
A great number of conversions to the Catholic Religion
daily take place in Germany.
LIMB, AUGUVIP 25.

There never was a time when the manufactories of French
Flanders were at so flourishing a condition as at present,
and we have the hope thst we shall soon Porous them. In
the little town of Roubaix alone, 1,600 houses have
been bailt within three years, and this manufactoring
town witt soon become one of oor most active cities.
It ia the same at Turcoing, the Governwient does every thing
to encourage these patriotic efforts. The manufactories of
oar cut) tire equally active, sod employ thousands of hands.

LONDON,
FRIDAY, Augur'. 31, 1821.

The Five per Cent. Consols for the Account
opened yesterday at 76. They declined almost im-
mediately to 75k, shortly rose again to 761, and
left oil at 761, making w ►ise of above the open-
ing price. It was confidently reported in the
course of the forenoon that the Levant Company
had received an express, announcing that the Turks
had agreed to the ultimatum of Russia, and to this
rumour was ascribed the improvement in the funds.
Whether the report he true or false we are not com-
petent to say, but had it been implicitly relied
upon we should have expected it would have lead
a welder influence on the money market. A
change of a rise or a fall generally accompanies
settling day, and the stability displayed on the pre-
sent occasion would encourage a hope of an improve-
ment. Although the differences were very great in
the quarter, and the account was consequently very
heavy, only one defaulter has been declared.
From the great extent of his dealings it was pre-
aimed at first that his deficiency was very consi-
derable, but on balancing hit accounts it appears
hr was only minus in a sum under 2,0001.—a defi-
ciency cunt p natively so small, it is generally re-
gretted that he did not receive support to protect
him from that extremity.

The Inquest upon the body of RICHARD HONEY
will be resumed this afternoon, in pursuance of the
terms of its adjournment. It is very desirable for
many reasons that this inquiry should be speedily
brought to u conclu►ion. Sufficient has been done
for every purpose of justice, and for elucidating
every circumstance connected with the unhappy
transactions in which the deceased lost his life. We
should therefore lament to see any more time or
temper wasted in pursuing the inquiry (water.
There is no part of our venerable con►titution
more deservedly regarded as a pride and glory to
this country than the mode of inquiring into fuels
by the intervention of Juries, and in proportion as
it merits our admiration and gratitude ought we to
regret if any circumstances should arise to detract
in any degree from the purity of its character. The
dignity and value of the institution must depend
altogether upon the conduct of the individuals who

verdict. Fortunately for this country no evil of
this nature can, generally speaking, be apprehended
among us, because the Judges, or other officers who
preside in our Courts of Inquiry, are for the greater
part, from learning and experience, too well aware
of their own authority to suffer any persons to inter-
fere with them in the exercise of it, or to dictate
to them forms of practice or rules of evidence.
It has, however, been reported, that in the in-
quiry respecting the circumstances which led to
lloNev's death, some of the Jurors frequently
coutrolled -the Coroner in his opinions upon the
most proper mode of proceeding, and upon the
mode in which evidence ought to be received.,
They have occasionally interrupted witnesses, tell.
ing them that they should not receive such nod
such testimony, and frequently expressed their
opinions publicly upon the degree of credit to
which partknlar persons were entitled. This, ton,
they have dune in a tPlitille that shelved somewhat
too manifestly the sentiments they had already
formed upon the question in issue, and left but
little hopes that the present Jury can ever be in.
dined to return an wnunireows verdict. A great
deal of time has been occupied in disputes be-
tween the members of the Jury, which cannot
tither add to the reap. etability of the worties or
contribute In the proper administration of justice.
We hope that the inquiry will, for these reasons,
be speedily brought to a comission.

Lord BATHURST'S answer to the communication
made to his Lordr,hip by Mr. Sheriff 11'AITHMAII,
relative to the riot. it Knightsbridge, on Sunday
evening, will be found in another part of our
paper. To this is added Mr. WAITHMAR'S reply.

ll'e learn from Lord BATHURST'S Niter that
directions had been given by the Noble Lord for
an inquiry into the circumstances cunuected with
that event, even before he received the Sheriff's

communication, in consequence, as the Noble
Lord intimate*, of intelligence which lie had previ-
ously received, and which he informs Mr. W•ITH-
NAN differed essentially from the statement con-
tained in his letter. The nature of this intelligence
we can easily collect from the surprite•espres.ed by
the Noble Earl, that if the Civil Power under the
command of the Sheriff were sufficient, as Mr.
WArrtimatt alleged, for the preservation of the
public peace, 44 • mob should be warted to con-
tinue in • state of riot" for so long a time after the
military had retired to their borrAcks, that Mr. Co-
PIAIIT should be reduced to the necessity of "read
lag the Riot Act," and that in subsequently dis-
persing the rioters with the civil force under his
command, he should have received no assistance
from Mir. W•ITHIMAN. 1

This is the substance of Lord B ATHURST'S
answer, from which we are glad to learn, that an
inquiry is actually to he instituted into the dis-
graceful occurrences of Sunday evening; but from
it the public will imbuing also collect, that the
Noble Secretary of Stale has already made up his
mind upon the matter which is to be made the sub-
ject of investigation. The tone of this answer can-
not be misunderstood. It is intended to convey a
reproach, where, if justice were dime, praise ought
to be given—a reproach for activity in the dis-
charge of a great public duty,. and for fearlessly
hazarding personal safety in preferring the peace Of
the county and preventing the waste of human life!
It is but too obvious that in the eyes of the pre-
sent Ministers of the Crown, the military share
with their Sovereign the royal prerogative of a
moral incapability of sluing wrong, and that no
man in the empire can be regarded as a good sub-
ject, or entitled to credit, if he presume to question
this high ministerial dogma.

Mr. WAITHNAN.e reply to the Noble Secretary's
letter is temperate and judicious. Ile exp
his jot• at the promised inquiry, %hick will deter-
mine the credit due to the conflicting statements;
sod affirms that daring all the time of his being
present at or near the barrack gates on Sunday, no
other magistrate appeared there in his official capa-
city, and that "nn Itiot Act was read." He did
not see .11r. CONANT: but supposing that this magi-
strate was actually there during the time of Mr.
WA trumsrea attendance, the High Sheriff of the
county has good cause to complain that he received
no assistance nor communication from Mr. CONANT.
it is an unwise indulgence in party feelings which
would endanger the public peace and die lives of
his Majesty's subjects.
WAITHMAN further declares, that before he
left the scei.e of the disturbance he had satisfied
himself that the people had dispersed, he conse-
quently concludes that the circumstance to which
Lord BATHURST alludes cannot be the same event
as that of which lie complains, and he therefore re-
peats his demand fur "a rigorous inquiry" into the
occurrences, and " exemplary satisfaction for the
gross outrage" committed by the military.

We understand the KING has given up hi• in-
tended visit toWynustay ■ud journey through Wales.
Preparations are making for his MAJESTY'S re•

During the disturbance, many purchised their milers' against him ? Certainly the people of this roayisecosipninir ill the situation of ifilli.: :, • (*Oil
safety at the rate of some hundreds of piastres .per'.l district are in a sirs situation Assn atArqstiporasturimpaa ranee of integrity atta.7.-- • Septo
day. The Princes Cullimachi are theaonly Greeks appears, and if thersoweingieot dies not deliver uit.'T.,-„lrtir
to whom the Porte continues to 'Flew any kindness. from it, we shill frniey eurselies onder,the trod of 4.' ". .2e___..- ...
oft . jvcracw functions. Nothing, tor instance,
'that 1
witdeb they may display in the diatheses . isreer
Zenski Callunachi has been appointed Flospodar of Jaunt, as the slaves of Algiers are mid& the -
Wallachia : his brothers are still in the possession cruelty of their Dep. Neither Host nor Zablivar, could lend more to degrade the respectability of a to hit
AC considerable employments. The Greek. patriots are yet taken.—(Madrid Papers, August i 0„) Jury than to see its members intemperately ovine- •
"arse the whole family ; and should there be a
_--......---- ing the feelings and spirit of partisans and ads°. WI
change in affair,it will find itself ia a melancholy
stittatioss. GERMAN PAPERS. _ _
- . stn, instead of decently and silently receiving the iliglui
There is much talk of Ali Poch* and his army. • --- evidence adduced upon either' side, and reserving 'wok
He hiss, it is said, made some propositions to Go- their sentiments upon the credibility of witnesses
Hitherto not the slightest military movement or W
verutnesit, which have bees. coldly received. The ISSIILIN, Aticurr 10.
: and the qutstion at issue, until the proper time
ts,rand design of the Greeks to deliver themselves assembling of troops is observed, which might indi- day I
I should arrive for expieising it in the form of a I
.i._ ,
P.?___ ..i__-__ :_ ---:.1--.1 t....5._ 9...A_ __ _ _is: este even an indirect narticinstion of Prussia in
