N. 7,347.

LONDON, FRIDAY, JUNE 30, 1826.

THE FRIENDS of FREEDOM and PURITY of
ELECTION will Dine together, at the City of London
Tavern, on THURSDAY, the Pith Day of JULY nest, to cele-
brate the triumph of those principles. in the recent return of Mr.
Alderman Waithmaa to represent the City of London In Par-
SAMUEL FA CELL, Esq. in the Chair.
::Note.--The names of the Stewards will be announced in the
next Advertisement.

This day is published.
BLACKIVOOD'S I.,DINBURGII MAGAZINE,
No. CXIV, for July, 1826.
CONTE/178.-1. flints for the Holidays. No. I.—ll. The
Owl.-111. Letter from London.—lV. Reminiscences. No. 3.
Richard Drinsley Sheridan, Acted Charade.. Nos. 4, 'l.
and 6.—VI. The Omen.—Vll. Tales of the Wedding. No. 3.
A Wedding under Oround.—VllL.The Inquisition of Spain;
with Anecdotes of some of its more illustrious Victims.-1 X. Nnctes
Ambrosia:ire. No. 27.—X. Monthly List of New Publications.—
XL Appointments, Promotions, Births, Marriages,
and Deaths.

IRI:L AND.

• ARMAGH.
The following are the handbills issued by Colonel ifalle's
friends:—

, .
wi THE ALARM !
Protestants !—The inquisition is established in Armagh I'lTh,
Popish priests, and a number of notninally Protestant
have conspired against the rights' of conscience and the
of Protestantism. The voice of conscience, Protestantism ' in.
dependence, is drowned in the vociferation of threats, f and
vengeance, from en aristocratical inquisitor or his agents I Proems-
tants are driven, like slaves, to vote for a Bible.hurying renegade,
and an apostate from Protestantism !
Protestants of Amiagh I will you bear this ? Shall the honors
re
of a Spanish Inquisition be exhibited in a Protestant cou fur
the support of Popery if %Van it for this your ancestors, ,to
establish the Reformation, the rights of conscience, aril so.
cendancy of Protestantism ? Spirit of our forefathers, awake: Bona
of Protestantism, to your poets 1 Crush the Inquisition I and
frown, with indignation, from your kindling glance, the Inquisitor
General and his emissaries. Chew Ireland, Europe, and the 'odd,
that the soul of your ancestors is alive and active in their
A PROTESZT.
NOW OR NEVER !
Protestants !to your posts I—assert your independence, sink
, under slavery. A Popish faction has formed a conspiracy iost
your interests, liberty, and religion : all the efforts of pri It,
all the tyranny of a degraded and degrading aristocracy, are ht
into into action, ;to compel you to appoint the agents of Popery Re-
presentatives of your Protestant county. The priest, arms, with
the terrors of 3 superstitious ehurth, drives forward an ignonastand
factious lock ; and the landlord, Protesumt only in naml4l::
. oloisludnioo,bouovred ham ass perm:suing spirit at Power
you to vote against your conscience. religion, and all the dearest
rights of Protestantism. These emissaries of Romanisin, themselves
the slaves of a base faction, would make slaves of you. Rouse.
Protestants, rouse, and repel the insult ! Awake, or be trampled
by the lam conspiracy that ever insulted your religion. Let die
spirit of Protestants arise in all its greatness, and in all its might.
Pour forward to the hustings, and by your Protestant and indepen.
dent suffrages, spew that you are Protestants anti men. Dismiss the
rile traitor from your representation ; send the convert of Doyle to
bury the Bible with his Jesuitical converter.

riIHE THIRD ANNUAL EXHIBITION of the
SOCIETY of BRITISH ARTISTS. Sofrolk.aireet, Pall.
mall East, is now OPEN. from Eight o'Clock in the Alorning
until Dusk. Admittance, Is. Catalogues, Is.

Printed for Wm. Blackwood, 17, Princes-street, Edinburgh;
and T. Cadell, Strand, London.

CICADA LAJARA CONI MEM IA L BON DB.—The
11.31- Third Dividend on the above Bonds, due on the ht of
July next, will be paid on that and every succeeding day, at the
(Mice of Mr. F. JOKDA Abchurch.lanc.
It is requested to leave the Dividend Warrants one day previous,
FA' inspection.

LONDON ()111)11AN ASVI.UNI.—At the Election
on Monday last, a very deserving Candidate, known by the
designation of the " Poyais Child," (which had been taken into the
house subject to the Election) was unsucce”ltil : but we hue great
satisfaction in stating that the sum necessary for securing this in.
terming Girl reception into this admirable Institution (vit. 100
guineas) was in' a few hours collected among the Members of the
:Stock Exchange, though it is well known that this Charity re-
ceives a very large proportion of its aid frog, the Gentlemen of this
f:stablisbinelm

ALBION FIRE AND LIFE INSURANCE
comPANV,

YEW lINIDGE•STREET, SLACK) R!Alle,
Empowered hi Act of Parliament.
CAPITA I.—ONE AI I ON.
The Premiums of Fire Insnrantes eW cted with thi: Company.
of the three ordinary Classes, have, wi.h ceruan exceptions, been
reduced as follows :
In the First Class, . - to Is. tit per Cent.
In the Second ('lass, - . to 2s. lid. per Cent.
In the Third ('I iss, - to 4s. tid. per Cent.
Fire Policies, the renewals of which become due at Midsummer,
will t spire, unless renewed within fifteen days from that period.
The Company continues to undertake Insurances on Los w, on
librral Terms. No Charge is nucleon such Insurances, in the way
of Admission Fine, or Entrance Money and a large CominissMil
is allowed to Soliciiors, and others, by whom such Insurane;s are
,iected.

Protestant freeholders ! a Protestant hero, who fought the battle+
of his country in the Peninsula, and on the plains of Wst?, 100,
waits at the hustings for your votes. Come and give them front
your soul. Distinguished in the front of war, in repelling the ag-
gressions of French domination and military despotism, he comes
to save his country from slavery, priestcraft, and isopery. Prtees.
tants,ro your posts, like one man ; let no earthly power shake
your determination. Site, the tools of superstition that you are
tee hig for the chains with which they would bind you ; repel corn.
pulaion with Protestant indignation, and let your mix° be—" In-
dependence, Loyalty, and Protestantism !"
211 June, 1020. A PROTESTANT FREEHOLDER.
SATURDAY, JUNE 24.
The poll ccmmenced this morning, at eleven o'clock, very
quietly. Colonel Verner entered the town at the head of a large,
body of the Richhill tenantry, so numerous, indeed, that every
spectator imagined he would be second on the poll this day.
About half.past twelre, a crowd left the vicinity of Mr.
Brownlow's tally.rooms, and marched, in a very threatening
manner, towards Mr. Verner's Conimiiteestooms in English.
street; when within a few yards of the rooms, they halted on per.
ceiving a powerful muster of the True Blues ; each party
eyed the other with a most deadly scowl, and rushed to
the attack with sticks, stones, hone-whips, &c. &c., when
a scene of the most warlike description was presented—se.'
veral accidents were the consequence—two men with fractured
Iskulls were carried to the hospital. where they are said to be in a
very precarious condition. The Green party gave way, and were
pursued to Mr. Brownlow's tally-rooms, where another severo
conflict took place. which terminated in the Blues taking possession
of Mr. Brownlow's tally.rootns, and driving out every voter they
could meet—some had to escape over walls, from their height
almost unscaleable. Mr. Little, the attorney, it is said, ee-
-1 aired a severe fracture on the knee. A party of the 724 Itegi.
meat, assisted by the pollee, soon succeeded in restoring order.
This was the only striking circumstance that occurred outside of
the Court House this day.
At the conunencetnent of the poll, Col. VERNER addressed the
electors. in a style quite military, assuring them that at present he
was only skirmishing a little, to induce the opposite party to come
out; but on Monday, anti following days, he would bring up his
heavy artillery, and sweep the enemy off the field.
1%1 r. Bo own row also addressed the electors. If (said he) any
of toe Gallant Colonel's friends are present, I have but melancholy
news for them. 1 have obtained a vote for every day in the year
more than their Candidate has brought up ; and I can assure him
and them that it will require all the days of their lives to bring me
down from the proud station I now occupy. I will only require
the stead, aid of my friends for a few days longer, to make " the
enemy" despair of ever occupying this field.
The several Candidates were loudly cheered ; and all remained
quiet at the hour of post (six o'clock.)

WARNER PIIIPPS, Sccretuy.
ECONOM IC LIFE ASSURA NC E soci ET 1-,
No. 34, BRIDGE-STREET, BLACKERIARS.
DIRECTORS.
Sit JA AI ES MACK I VTusu. 31. P.. Chairman.

T. FRA SKI,A ND LEWIS. Esq. 3Ll'.' Deputy Chairman.
Lancelot Baugh Allen, Esq. Francis Kemble, ENT
Thomas rtnn, E.l. John Knowles, E-q. F. 11.5.
(-harks David tiordon. Esq. lIIIIITIIII, 31Cilx, fl,q.
Capt. Geurgellarns,lLN. C.D. 11. FrAler'cStephei.bon, Esq.

George Farrell, Esq.. Ilc.itlent Director.
At:DiTons—Robert Ilithltilph, Esq.; John liyincr, Esq.;
Jchn Whrhaw, Esq.
PUTSICI A v—John Mason flood, M.D. I.R.S. Guildford-street.
SußGEON—lletij.min Travers. Esq. F.R.S. 12, Beirut-street.
This I. a •• Premium goeiety," guarded by a temporary Capital,
or recautionary Fund, to be paid off as soon as an adequate sur-
plus Capital is accumulated from the Prt 'Mums; thus :droning to
the assured all the security, in the first instance. which the mil).
scribed Capital of a Proprietary Company can offer, without per.
mining the Subscriber' to remain a permanent incumbrance on the
Sociel—apProPrialing its Prelim, and endanfiering its stability.
Security and Economy constitute the exce.ienec of a Life Insti-
tution, and those objects are to be best effected by taking a small
excess of Premium beyond the true ri.k, and accumulating it for
the benefit and security of the Assured, to be returnable to them
in the way of bonus. Both the rate of mortality and the rate of in.
ten's t are subject to variations ; and the Premiums charged in
every office ought always to exceed the true value of the risks
by the greatest probable variations of those rate.. Ilei:ce, uniLw
ordinary circumstances, a surplus Fund will always be accumulated
beyond the amount accessary to provide for the claims. In a
Premium Society the danger of an incautious or uneqaal division
of this surplus is effectually guarded against, by rntson that thin
Funds and Officers of the Society are under the absolute control
of the persons assured; whereas, in a Proprietary Company, the
Sliareholdees not only enrich themselves, at the expense of the
!folders, but may put in jeopardy the very sum assured, by
an improvident division of that surplus fund, which has been Le-
cumula.ed out or the Premiums paid by the assured, and which
bur, 0 he
.1111; 5T11436.ti EXCLUSIV IN BELONGING TO THIS
INSTITUTION.

Pretr.lums for young and middle-aged lives lower than In any
offize In England; payable annually, half-yearly, or quarterly, or
for a limited number of years only.
A temporary precautionary Capital of 200,00 W., which will be
paid off in manner above stated.
Three-fourths of the profits divided amongst the assured, until
the Shareholders are paid off, and thenceforth the entire profits,
by additions to their policies, with interest thereon, in reduction
or the premiums.
The Trustees sign every polity, and give the assured an imme-
diate remedy against the fund itself.
On the back of every policy for the whole term of life, is a scale
of its true value from year to year, at which price the Society con-
tract to purchase it, or to lend two-thirds thereof to the holder,
to enable him to continue the future premiums without incon-
venience.
The assured having the Contract of the Trustees to purchase
policies, may reduce the anneal premiums at pleasure. For in-
stance, by taking ten policies of 1011. each, instead of one of I,ooof.
whenever a bonus of 110/. is added to the gross amount, the as.
kared by selling one policy to the Society will receive its true value,
and reduce his premium one.tenth. without diminishing the I,OOW.
Thus, he may either apply the bonus in augmentation of the sum
instinct, or in reduction of his future premiums.
There are no agents to the Institution, and consequently the
' Commissions which would be allowed to them are properly de-
ducted from the premiums of the assured.
A Physician or Consulting Surgeon of eminence in every principal
town is attached to the Society.
iProposals from the country to be sent to the Resident Director,
, who will give all proper information, to save the necessity of per-
sonal attendance before the Board.
Notice is hereby given, that an Extraordinary GENERAL
COURT will be held at the house of the Society, on FRIDAY,
July 21, at 1 o'clock precisely, to consider of the propriety of re.
Nevin( the Senior Auditor of this Society from the disqualification
he labours under, by reason of his being a Director of the Asylum
Life Assurance Climpany, to be elected a Director of this Society.

WATERFORD ELECTION.
SATURDAY-THIRD DAY.
The poll was yesterday delayed by the ingenuity of some of the
ageats, and every vote was canvassed. Take one scene, which will
give you an idea how the thing is done.
Barony of--
The Deputy Sheriff, Clerk, and Poll Clerks. Two Catholic
Clergymen at one side of the table, a Protestant Clergyman at the
other; the latter waiting to vote for Lord G. Beresforti. Agents
at each side, with their coats off, faces inflsmed, and with books,
papers, and affidavits before them. The freeholder, an old man,
with keen grey eyes and bushy eye-brows, wearing a blue frieze
coat, blue stockings and brogues, a bit of a stick in his hand.
Deputy—here, take the book. What is your name?
Freeholder—Darby Hatuahan.
Deputy—Listen to the oath, and repeat it after me.—" I, Darby
Haurahan, do swear, that I will true answer make (and to sure I
will) to all such questions as the Sheriff Deputy presiding in tilts
booth shall demand of me; and I also swear that I have not polled
before at this Election (Cud knows I have not ), and that I am, as
I believe, twenty-one years of age (it is myself that can vet y safely
swear it)." (Loud laughing).
Agent—Stand out of my way, Sir, and let me look at the
young man.
Deputy—Where do you reside? Voter—At Bally Mick
Thomas.
Deputy—Do you swear you are possessed of a freehold in the
county of Wsterferd ? Voter—l does.
Deputy—ls it the freehold described in the affidavit you hold In
your hand, the same which you swear you are possessed of, and
out of which you vote? Voter—lf it is the same affidavit for
which I registered, it is the same.
Agent—l call on you, i,lr. Deputy, to reject this man, for not
giving a direct answer, according to law.
Deputy—lle quiet; don't be bothering tre.
A Stander-by—Tell it to him in Irish, and he'll understand it.
Policeman—Come, clear the Court—quit, quit entirely.
Agent—l call on you to reject the vote.
Opposite Agent—l call on you to admit it.
Deputy—l must, in fairness, send the point tip to the Assessor.
Opposite Agent—Adjourn the Court for ten minutes.
Agent—No, don't now ; I give up.
Opposite Agent—We'll go on ; let I' run the gauntlet of your
questions.

IVORTEUMBERLAND ELECTION.

[From the Tyne Mercury.]

11:
ar. if. Znnge)ndand
other eminent Physicians, in preference to Foreign Tea (more par-
ticularly during -the Spring and Summer months), as the most
pleasant and powerful restorative hitherto discovered, in all nervous,
bilious and consumptive disorders, and in every other debility of
the nervous system. This Tea is pleasant to the taste, is an ef-
fectual purifier of the blood, and by. promoting gentle perspiration,
powerfully assuages those excruciating pains derived from the gout
and rheumatism; and is of sovereign efficacy in removirg com-
plaints of the head, invigorating the mind from those self-created
alarms. which toe frequently render the existence of nervous people
intolerable. Drank warm at night it promoter refreshing rest, and
is a restorative cordial to the constitution of such as keep late
!lours, or live too freely.
Sold by Sanger, LIU. Oxford-street ; Hawkins. Bond-street ;
Ileitis, Ludgate-street; Tait, Cornhill ; Nix and Strandling,
Royal Exchange; and throughout the Kingdom. in packets, 2a. 94.;
and canisters, Des. 6d. each.

By-standet, to the Roman Catholic Clergyman—(Aside)--
" Father keep looking at him."
Deputy repeats the question—ls it the same freehOld ?
Voter—l think it is, for I am no scholar.
Deputy—Do you swear you have been in the actual occupation
of the freehold, as described in the affidavit, by tilling tt, by grazing
it, or by residing upon it, for the last twelve months ?
Voter-1 hired it from my father for the grazing of a heifer.
A gent—Ani I suppose you hold it while the heife► lives ?
Oppotite Agent—Be quiet, if you please.
Voter—And I pay one shilling a.year to my father.
Deputy—Do you swear you have been in the actual occupation,
by grazing of the freehold, for the whole of the last twelve months ?
Voter—l do, your honour, sure enough.
Agent—That is not a direct answer—send him up to the
Assessor.
Opposite Agent—Mr. Deputy, I request you will silence
Mr. M—.
Agent—l request, Mr. Deputy, you will first silence Mr. H.
Deputy—For tiod's sake, Gentlemen, he quiet—the man is in my
possession. What are we to do? This is a case I don't like todecide,
Agent—Why not ?
Deputy—Do you Waif you have been in the actual occupation
of the freehold ?
Voter—To be ware I have, by grazing—and I'll tell ycu how it was.
Agent—l won't hear it ; the man has been a.ked over and over
again.
Opposite Agent—Oh be easy opposite.
Agent—Well, I give ieup. Put the Bribery Oath. I beg your
pardon, Mr. Ilaurahan, I don't mean it any offence ; but if you
were the first man in the land, you must take it.
~.—Here, take the book, and repeat the oath after me—

CIA II I K ET-NI AK E RS' SO C lET Y.—CHEAP
IL/ CABINET and UPHOLSTERY, at the LONDON
REPOSITORY fur the CABINET-MAKERS' SOCIETY,
eing the only real one now existing in London, No. 71, corner of
LEA !ANIL% LL-STREET, opposite ldgate Pump, and which
Lati been establibhed upwards of Six years. For heady Aloney,
and no Abatement. _

The Trustees and Committee respectfully inform the Nobiliti
and Gentry, that they still conduct the shove Establishment for
the Benefit of industnous and ingenious slechanics( who have large
families), by offering their Manufactured Articles in the Cabinet
Line of the beat workmanship, and cheaper than by any House in
London, no other profit being required than to satisfy the watehouse
rent and incidental expenses ; being satisfied with constant employ-
ment to enable them to support their families, the numbet of whom
appear by the Books of the last Quarterly Meeting to be 118.
rom the great patronage the Committee have received, they are
n hopes of Inert...king that number.
The following is a Specimen of the Low Prices asked t all Goods
warranted:— X. a. d.
Five feet Mahogany Bedstead, four-post 4 10 0
Tent ditto . 1 6 0
Bordered 31attress to fit . I 1 0
Mahogany Drawers with solid ends - 3 5 0
Eight Mahogany Chairs - 610
Mahogany Pembroke Table . . 2 0 0
Feather Bel free from dust and smell.
from .E 2 12 0 to 8 11 0
Driwing.room Sofa, frurn.4:s 5 0 to 7 7 0
Sofa Bedstead 3 8 0
Mahogany Home-Hair Sofa 6 10 0 upwards
A quantity of Paper Hangings for Bed, Dining, and Drawing.
rooms, at nearly Half-price. The Trade will find it worth their
attendort.
Houses Fwthished at a few days' notice, and Apartments in a
few iseura.--lioods packed free of expense except the matting.
CONIVITEC.
T.Corder l J. Wilson J. Carter
T. Hasler I J. Unett 1 W. Waleson
THURNELL, Ajent. J. HASLER Secretary.

Deputy
"1, Darby Hatirahan." &c. Well. kCes the book.
Mr. Deputy's Clerk in the mean time draws a cork, and takes
drink from a bottle which he had in reserve under the table.
Agent—l'll trouble you for a drop, if it is not salt.
Deputy—Kiss the book.
The voter touches the book to his nose.
Agent—Halloo! that won't do.
Deputy—Kias the book, Sir.
The voter kisses the cord round the book.
Agent—That won't do either.
Deputy—Kies the book—the book itself.
The I °ter catches the end of the book in his mouth, as if to
bite it.
Agent—That won't do at,ain—kiss the flat of the book.
The Voter at last-kisses the book.
DeputThere am three Candidates, honest man, Lord G. Js
reeved, Mt. rower, and Mr. STevart—you an vote for any ton of
thee .or foosny one of thew, just as you please.
Agent—Stop • bit—ask him the seventh question, M.r.

. . •',OIIP--'--41—. - ../ ...4.
•fr .
-\ • • e... • . :.. .0
0 .0-''. • -'. • • • A .....
/
...
~ j•o -,
. .T. .-. . •
1, . . ~,,,,
,
Iv' €4 ' -• • '• • ~ ' \. Ar:- .
• • . .. •
*-1
5:4- :.
:..
~,...,, ,
1- ..
- , , , •
.. .41 4-4.. --- '"Di:' • ' ' 1
..C.'":l-1119:7:.i Ill::y:s.;‘ !
..,:::12. ::11;N:11; i .--i; $.6/:*,:;:; :1: ;2;
1114
''''''''
• 7111 V
'
. ~,,,ts:77,
..:4,,,
:- - ...:', ' ,• • •. • / 'C' 1.... •
..;,....„...
..
....iler .'
I ' - .A
. -1 F Iv .. '•_ " - -•-7.' 4, ..
4..-'4 -*.
i
VI t ..
.. .
/L. -,r--- -4.• ;":" N,
c..-, -4*62e.6 • --.-- • i- i';Nk--a.
-. .:.,—.-r.7. 4 :.....-_•.,:' ,- vt....,_.
..._.. ,--, . - - __ _
_,.. A......"-----.

Price 7d.

Deputy—Do you swear the Illeieloolui le sew of the potty 'aloe
of 40s. above all charges parable out of *Rome ?
Voter-1 do, Sir.
Afp•nt—Bravo, a fine half sere It es.
Deputy-IVell, now, for who4ll es. ydo foto? If he mower for
Lord Cl. Demsford, hells allowelbale *gay if for Mr.
Stewart, there is wine apple's , es the bock of the voter,
'
and cries of " That's a fork T., 4goed 14110,1 i mono.
nuteig," (you're my darling, old led goes away
chuckling, and to be ewe st-the whisky shop ow hie
• way home.
°KOSS POLL OW' At TEE CLOSE.
Power . •
Stewart . . -
The votes objected to, end sr it le (*peeled will be allowed•
are not included.

• vef;

310f4A01204-
[From the DahiEa litre tali
guts! Mac
DAT, BATVIIODit.4OS: -1.
ATTACK prow c0t.0.1.1. Lest.ta anis His ratExba—eenii•
ThicT inte*gifif S' nrcip Ann THIS rottca—t/tlttit 01'
TNT Toltfigt ' , &c. &c.
The town of an ih the eagle part of the fohnoon
sC
scarcely present the Memo appeaMme of an election—there
were but few mows in the etyma, and Wag few womb peaceable
anti etrierhr. ~
At twelve Witt lend shouting f the dinette." of Noss,
more rtalt . the approach r. Weston* and in a
1
few mina , . can five and sin ndretl tech are*
oaths ‘tot bind 11,, end don with a of Level
in theiSiksta, , Piamond. • std The
drZte,
4ilipalLik bap '
ortlirecmcont INN 011
arnititrTOlTlTatit 1 iihl e . Off, IMO.
' rimd appearance of the mob, their hideous yelings, added to the
tinorishing of the bludgeon., presented an appearance truly asps
palling. At half--pact twelve a simultaneous attack was made On
the police, which they contented themselves With merely resist •
ing ; nothing like offensive operations having been rosined to by
them. The foot police were stationed in front of the Court House,
and for a time kept a portion of the mob, who attempted to force
the position, in check. 'I he hone police were scattered through
the mob, in rain striving with the fiats of their swords to diaperce
them. Several of the mounted police were knocked front their
horns, at beaten with savage fury when down. The foot po-
lice were obliged to give way, and took up a position in the church-
yard. The mob, however, did not think it wise to follow them
into this stmng.holti, anti they contented themselves with shouting
and flourishing their sticks. In the centre of the Diamond at this
moment the battle raged with the greatest fury, and thither the
mob who had routed the foot police repaired. The police being
thus relieved from their pretence, again entered the'Diamond ; and
the horse police being again ohliged to ,teve way, owing to the
great accession of strength which their adversaries had received, it
was deemed necessary, in order to rescue them from the imminent
danger which threatened them, to give ostlers to the toot police to
fire. The orders were prrmptly obeyed, when the mob fled wilt
the greatest precipitation, leaving three of their comrades stretched
upon tiLt. ground. A measage hail been despatched on Colonel
Leslie's arrival, to the barrack, where a party of the sth regiment
*ere stationed, ordering them forthwith to repair to the scene of
art on ; and immediately after the police had fired the military ar-
rived, and tin-tied in front of the Court-house, where they cond.
nuell during the remaining part of the Pay. I could not help re.
marking, that in a moment after the disc Large of musketry had
taken place, not a single stick was to he seen ; the crowd, how-
ever, continued during the day to remain in the Diamond, but not
a word escaped from them, nor did they even attempt to raise a sic.
gle cheer. The three officers comManding the police era all
wounded, and I believe every private on duty is similarly cir-
cumstanced. .

About two o'clock, order being In some degree restored, the
Court-house doors were thrown open, and in a few.mioutes cvery
place was occupied. After the preliminary proceedings had been
gone t hrough—
Colonel 3EADDEN rose and addressed the Meeting.
Mr. Lucas next rose, and. in a speech of considerable lettrh.
which our limits preclude us from giving, proposed Mr. Wi'estema.
Colonel CARR seconded the nomination of Mr. Westerns.
Mr. TEllxisox next rose for the purpose of mining Mr. Shirley
in nomination, and commented with great ability and force upon
the objections urged by Mr. Lucas against Mr. Shirley.
Mr. FORBES seconded the proposition of Mr. Tennison, and
considered the extent of Mr. Shirley's property was the best tutu-
thy which the county could have for his discharging the duties of a
Representative with fairness and honour. As a landlord, Mr.
' Shirley was unequalled. Mr. Shirley had been represented as a
stranger, but he (Mr. Forbes) was confident that those who now
' thought him a stranger will, before seven years revolve, uaani-
mouily agree to place him in that chair which be, for the first time
that day, aspitsd to till. (Cheers.)
Colonel Ltstte4then addressed the elertera, and said that he
had for twenty-six years pursued the same line of eoactuta, lad
that he was now too old to change it. (Cheers.)
On the question being put upon Col. Leslie's nomination,
Counsellor CORI.EY addressed the Meeting in favour of Mr.
ll'estenra, and the independence of the county, and contended that
Mr. Westenra was as much at liberty now to oppose the Roman
Catholic claims as he had ever been. _ _

Mr. TEN NISON-1 ask you, Colonel Leslie, do you go free and
unshackled to Parliament,and has any pledge been etact«l front you?
Colonel LEstaL—None, certainly. 1 think a plcdgeunneces-
sary. (Cheers.)
Neither Mr. Wotan nor Mr. Shirley attempted to address the
electors. _ _

The High Sheriff was then sworn to make a fair return. arts Ott
Court was adjourned to Monday, when the polling it to commerce.

'der •

This great struggle is proveding with much spirit. anti, except
on the part of one Candidate—my Lord Howick—with much Raid
humour and cordiality. His Lordship must either be exercising
his spleen on the freeholders for his own individual amusement.,
without any serious intention of standing the contest to the end, or
he has lost all notions of sound policy—or perhaps, to come to a
third alternative, he never had any 4 and has no calm and dispas-
sionate friend to tell him, that front the first day to the last, his
conduct has been violently opposed to the sentiments of the
freeholders of the county. His Lordship had not forgotten the
course pursued by his inflammatory relative, Mr. Lambton, at
Morpeth, and maned determined, it possible, to outshine that
rival of the ladies of Billingsgate. Even on Tuesday, he returned
to the system of personal abuse of :11r. Beaumont, which has di.-
1 tingnished, or rather rendered notorious, the lVhig party in this
contest. Not content with dealing out more than even the antler.
paced measure of vituperation before the polling cotmrteneed, after
the day's poll was declared, he began to tell the freeholders that
1 the most vexatious opposition had been made to his votes—at
the saute time that there was in truth an evident determination to
prevent all that could come to the poll for Mr. Beaumont from
reaching it in time to vote. We know of no vexatious opposition
that his Lordship met with, unless it was the opposition of the free-
holders who refused to vote for him when they had resolved to
vote for other Candidates. We know, however, that Ms Lordship
and his friends did every thing in their power to keep back Mr.
Beaumont's friends, in order that they might, if possible, have
him at the bottom of the poll, and amongst other matters we must
not emit to mention the putting of the bribery oath by the Whir,
to gentlemen as respectable as themselves, for no other object than
that or " vexations opposition." But the most extraordinary part
of his Lordship's conduct was his behaviour on Friday and StIiUT6IS.
It hr. had beet intentionally injuring his own cause—if, which it is
not, dud cause had been the best in the world, he could not have
acted more indecently and ridiculously. We say this, not with any
wish to provoke his Lordship or to add to the dissension he has al-
ready produced and seems anxious to increase;—we say it, hecanse
we wish not to see the respect of time county for the ;muse of Grey
altege" e- ext. ngu's' ed by the haired and contempt of the freehol-
dems o' Northumberland. When the independent Candidate and
the twit 'Furies were conducting thenumelves with the most perdect
polte tees to each other, and when the gee item possible harmony
subsisted amongst them, what cniki the county think when it be-
held the signal of tumult held up daily anti alone by the Whig
Candidate, by the young man who professes to be the greatest
friend to liberality and to every thing honourable and enlightened
And what could they think of the wisdom and prudence and talent
for 2a, homent of him, who, coming Mrward with the fairest pros-
pects, has succeeded in one short week, and especially in the last
two days of it, in enraging the freeholders to that degree that it is
hardly probable they will ever again hear him, or look on him *AA
patience? No—no ! let not his petted and peevish Lordship at-
tempt to whine the freeholders out of their opinions. Much better
would it have been for the county had he remained content with
his election for Winchelsea, where his name, and his distance from
home, might have procured him a respect which he appears so have
lost in his own county.
Look at the contrast between his Lordship and Mr. Beaumont.
Mr. B. comes forward without personality, and manfully states his
principles, and apologizes for past errors—an apology, by the bye.
at which Lord Howl& could not help sneering, though a nobler
example of candour and British reliance on the hearts of Britons
we never Influx: witnessed, and we fear we shall never witness
again. In the course of the week, instead of stunting say of hot
opponents, though his being last on the poll till Saturday woo
enough to cause any man to be a little out of temper, he Adrienne*
the freeholders in a style so truly original, and so full of mingkd
wit, sentiment, and sound philosophy, that he has Winn all limits--
even those of many who had voted for other Candklates, and re-
gretted that they had done so. Indeed, such an universal sense of
gratification follows his addresses, that the country people for many
miles round Aln wick have flocked in ainee they first heard them,
and, p home again delighted with the genuine humour and sound
sense of their favourite.
Of Mr. Liddell and Mr. Bell, want of 1110431 prevents et ad Inn,
sent from speaking ; suffice it to Fay that the /eraser, Intl
sornautitat unintelligible in hie notions about NM alt
ipepZaebitlegalsisetthianieW by aonre-florparkaia, sees so 1110 t
the same Lott of eoncibating and amiable manner wblch awe tali,
