bets of die Vaimeitosemeited to brio( their
friends to tine skating", liiiiibresidable barriers
wise raised, ueder Which the Altrer, besides en-
Countering the crave-tetatuihttinn of Pro. Proctors
and the opposition of coustablee states. had to creep
to preferment, like the candidates for Court ho-
ne ire is the palace of the mighty Emperor of Lint-
put.. In a few mutates the area was completely
tilled, and the under Gallery haring rejected, for
want capaeit y. many AO the lovely petitioners for
a place. they were permitted to take their Mats in
tire upper tier. where they very agreeably inter.
spatted the congregation of black gowns, and en-
livened the scene of Bachelors and under Gra-
duatts. Among the ladies we observed Lady
Glenville, the Nlarchiosiess of Buckingham sod
Ledy Temple, with most of the branches of the
blovniitig lamely of Grenville—Lady S. Smith and
her sister ; mid all the elegance and fashion of
Tuesday repeated atilt great additions. Feathers
were generally worn, and Ludy Smith displayed, in
houosir of Cm day, the brilliant diamond aigrette,
pressoten to her gallant (uild *ow korner!) hu.band
by the Grand &again. fur his va'our and ircheve-
meats in the land of P.ilesiine. A little before
ten u'eloek the orellestes took their etatious, and
Madam C1111411411i was honoured on her entrance
with tile applause of the ussetubly. Severe' Doc-
tors, Heads of Houses, &c. dueng this period,
ecridiuued to enter the Theatre singly, mod take
aria, seats in the atiuicircle, which induced a belief
for some time that no precession would ensue ;
but soon after ten o'clock this tear was surmounted,
the folding doors were thruwit open, wad the Noble
Chancellor, IleC0141011111! I by a splendid and ituine-
ruus train, male his eppearance. Hie Lordship
was received with almost milted applause, %%hilt
the orchestra delighted the more quiet of the
spectators with s graud triumphant symphony.—
In the procession were, the Duke of Somerset,
Marquis of Buckingham, the Right lion. C. Ali-
bott, Earl Spencer, Earl Temple, E in of Carys-
fort, Earl of Abineal ~,,, Sir J. C. tliptin.ley, Sir
W. W. Wynn, and nil those Noble, Illustrious,
and learned PelSollll, we have load OCI2IIIIOII 11141411!
' than once to counierate 111 our account of the
spleudid ceremony use performing at Oxford.—
The number of Nolilcinen, Doctors, &e. was mach
greater than on Tuesday ; and, having filled the
senecirde with a abstioguislicii assemblage of scarlet
Igowns, they were at brat compelled to sit lei the
limps by winch it was Mlrl.oll‘.ll. The whole int-
! utensil body of elegant coinpatiy in the theatre
etanding up, the Chancellor, uncovered, opened
the Convocation, and proposed to be admitted to
the liouorary Degree of Doctor of Civil Law, the
distiliguished list of names given ass our Paper of
yesterday, with the oweeption of Sir George %Ver.
render. But ; Sir G. P. Turner, Bare ; Lieut.-
Generel Sir George Nugent; Sir E. Sand,
Bare ; 11. I),am-it, J. Macdonald, and J. ishia-
burst, Esquires, M.P. who could not be present to
receive' this high 11141 k of honour. The other per-
, soueges, from Vier:tom Ilawarden to J. Halsey,
Loa. 31.12. iucluove, erre proposed by the Chao-
cellar, mad accepted by the Duntiosi Duelores rt
Megistri of the Convocation.
On the propueal of Sir Sidney Smith, and, in-
deed, in Fiery part of the ceremony in which he
coimertird. the applause Wilt loud mid general.
(hi his admission, the assembly gave bins four die-
inlet peals.
Mr. Phollmoie, as on Tuesday, presented the
candidates for academie 1101101411 seriatim,, arid with
appropriate encomia introduced them to their new
rank. lie was peculietly happy in the iutroduc-
tiou of Mr. Abercrombie, as the sun of the veteran
hero who conquered and fell, lamented, on the
plains of Egypt ; iitthe introduction of Sir Sidney
Smith as the einiquertir of Naprileon, the hero of the
:age in *hide lie herd, equal to the highest in the
proud roll of Britain's victorious ?wit., and flue of
whose martial mid heroic deeds it wits not
to speak in terms of heroic praise ; snit, in the in-
troduction of Mr. C. W. IA mien IVyis.i, to whose
talenta iu the National Seniite acute understand-.
erg, laborious iusesti.Aations, Is 1111•1111 g. and g.inoo.
be paid a handsome and well-melded tribute,
whir* *ifwe. Isom the emembly, as hie admission,'
as the powers of the 'moor, as welt as the just chains
of the other two last-aurae .-erl candidates (Sir
S. Smith aunt Mr. Abercrombie; had dime ou their
achisission„ the loudest and most turner...4l applause.
%Virile describing these august cereitioeies, we
may perhaps he permitted to digress on a subject
connected with them, mare neaily tumbling the
feelings than any clang that alt their pinup and
splendour could coot ttttt Maine. 11. e Wows red with
pleasure the delight visible in the couirtemnice of
Lady S. Smith, when her halliand received the just
tribute of aduitratom from so respectable a Isvely of
his countryineti. We observed with pleasure, (for
who is there that is not destitute, of heart, who can
behold such scenes %motored ?) we observed with
pleasure, the I oro of Ac're, when he took his dig-
nified semi, tutu to the gallery, to enjoy hi; greater
delight w " tee smile from parted beauty won."
but oar 'setter feelings were still moire excited by
beholding the doll tether of this honoured son
bathed in tears, in the area of the Theatre, with a
younger sou iis h a hand, to metes, the glory, and
iustribe the maltreat principles of eintil.!iims freer
the splendour with which he saw the me-ils of a bro-
Car crowned, by one of air first itioeinleiegre for rank,

learning, diecrimiaation, cud talent, that !Sri
could dtaplay:' This wu one of :those moving
eaters! Episodes introduced into the great dr
of life, in a way to affect the soul, and improve
dignify the mind.
The ceremony of the presentation and admission •
of the new liouorary Members being overoi fine
symphony from the orchestra, served as a prelude to
the Orations, Poems, anclAddresses, appointed fur
this day.
In our Paper of Monday, we gave a correct
list of the speaker(, all of whom spoke, except Mr.
Cardwell, of Broxenose College, who was prevent-
ed, through indisposition, drum follilling his inten-
tion. It is out of our power to' do that justice
we would wish to do to the youthful debutants
on the theatre of fame, and we must content our-
selves with a vary short account of their several
.performauces.--Mr. Chinnery, of Christ Church, of
whose genius we have already, in describing this
solemnity, had occasion to speak se highly, opened
the work of youthful exertion, front the Western
Rostrum, by delivering an elegant com9osition iu
English terse. It paid a feeling tribute to the
memory of the late Chancellor, the Duke of Port-
land; and, in a strain of the most pathetic poetry.
most lispoily eulogised his public and his private
virtues. U s public service', at the period of the
Fiend' Revolution, were particularly dwelt upon;
and, remarried with those of Lord Grenville, ut
the same uad cdsligeroits period, when the
abilities of thew% and other eminent dtatesuien,
saved the u-.uutry Iraqi e:;ieriencitig convulsions
awl deign:3'lmi simil ir to what of Friitice.—
From this, the Poet oimie an easy tiansitiou; and,
from the sorrows of the University far the loss of
one lamented ( l‘i,j; dt duce,' the proof of her love
for eie Noble person she lu I chosen to fill his
place.—This heitniiful composition was exceeding-
ly well recited, and drew fmtli unanimous bursts of
a ppl lose.

_
The second eantlidists in tile no Arum was Earl
.le Las sr, •ol lirszenose CoHew., alio also recited

ail 4.i:cello:A coasposilion in Eagll-11 verse. Of this
it is sufficient to say. that iu grace, beauty of dis-
pasition, else, nod b illiaitcy of conception,
it was not niferiar to its precnruar. It commenced
with a tine eulogy on classic lore ; digressed into the
prose of 1.nr.1 Grenville, while connected
with leis ill is•irions kinsman, !Vlr. l'itt ; and conclud-
ed with an evrinisite trilnite to his lordship, (or the
share he t Kik in atn.lition of a traffic, disgraceful
to cod lent the strong Hid of Ootlrn.
mum to cariy the glorious mea.ure for the abo-
lition of tin Slave Trade. This poem was exceed-
ingly well rvceived, sail di I equal honour to its
author um a scholar, a votary of the Musts, and a
Nobleman.
lie *assure:ceded by Mr. Rogers. of Oriel Col-
lege, who recited a spirited composition in Enlists
blank verse, rescnibliag the stile of Tberusoas lie
gave a gold drw'ription of Oxford, its foundation,

and the progress of sete3cr io its hallowed groves.
Front this topic oas introduced and eulogised the
early academic honours nirtAiikeil by the Chan-
cellor—his Gnu ni.d upright conduct. and his 1)0-
tics at the tir le of the Freud' nevolution.,u erre idol
snug in a Infiy *trout', and he was likeowingly

hailed on the high humour to which he Was now
adtanced, av the maid of his high character and
faire. Miich applause WAS beot•iwed on this a Ift.irt;
which was followed by another iu English verse by
Mr. Randal, of Exeter College. 'CIO took steady

s suwlar course with the lasts—ulimled to Lord
Gre•iville's early fume, and prize in the Univeisity,
wan complimented hua on having the bright pros-
pect of that morn now opened into the glories of
mei idiom day. It was also warmly applauded.
The fifth candidate was Mr. GreAson, of Blaze-
110,e College, who was much applauded for sit
elegant Latin Ode, iu winch be passed a high ea-
t • in oti Oxford : verse inintortalised
the l'is, sal liaikd the elevation of Lo d Grenville
to the dignity nu Cii:ineellor. Milia, of Dls
dale. College, succeeded him with au Eaghsh
Poem, in which the alioliiipia of the Slave Trade,
a greater t,iumpit than ever Monett Comineror
achieved, was asciiiwil to Lord ( ireaville, and the
merited tribute of ionise bestowed fur his compere-
-lieu in Not glerasts. work. IliseLsollihip's eloquelice
employed uu that occasion to overthrow the sophistry
_sv hich pleaded cu.toin, I. rivet the chains of slavery,
was Jim warmly dad beautifully described-...his
talrasts and skill as u !'ituteenrsati—his political wis-
dom—his abilily to guide the councils of the na-
tion in war and in peace—his classic fame, .• losiag
inal beloved urf seirnee"—:wete all happily touched
upon, ate' pointid out iss esmnplieto his sue-
cessnrs its the studious avocations of am University
ed nation.
'file lion. Mr. Campliel, of Christ Church, fol-
lowed Mr. Mills, and in his tura obtained the re-
ward of deport! applause. After dut introduction
and commendation of the Noble Chairman, the
poxt inttrucled tutu (hist his bight situation was i
trust as well as a reward. Ile (Lord Grenv.ile)
knew it to he such; and, from hichigh endowments,
Ow author inferred, that none was 90 fit to La at
the head of Oxford, to defend her rights, and lead
her to the utmost height of prosperity.
Mr. Roble, of Corpus Christi Colter. • Very
young mon, was the next who paid his devoira to
the New Chancellor. His !mein, in English v re,
commenced 'kith so emulated description of the

lilrtii
of Etaslotion. He tliett tamed to his I ord I'
untl'dc,eiihkil him as
rr Nis country is husks:id; sad as tuqz.a• "
And eoncladed very happily Vsah a essirisii.lit
the deseeukt of gartitni, rtoWlittt to moor to the 11.
Itostrious family of Ureoville. Out itart..‘us .!4*
eeedingly well given. It described Oxford, 4f;,1
havimg Iwen the diwiliag of great Wein iu
Lordiltir's youthful lalnmrs, its watching him ,i1;11
the ansiety of a fond mailer through thv
colivol•inus of hii tiger, stud now, with jn7, in4k.ag
her comitry's son her own, aid seeing her ClAren-
dim revive., ia

Mr. Soother, New College, gave a gruxl cempe.
sition in English verse; which was foliose4 acd
enaulated by another of the esuie oltscription, by
Mr. Randal, of Trimty. The Lotto r &stria d
Alfred as founding atiuthrr Atiiens in the deb Ar.
ful vale of 04411, owl c etimeinorateil the Mass
trious names it hot preductil. From ihix,tittice
sprang an an'ititaterl up strophe to hair altale,
particularly to the spirit of the great Somers, elieli,
to the poet's gloeing imagination, appeared 14
betiding its eye km liteuville; the tutus who, like
the mighty dead, bad devoted the powers of ha
mind mid eloquence, alike uguinst the encroach-
ments 01 peerogaiire, and the vile belienats of lawlra
faction. It then digressed into 4111 atcount of the
literary Antiquities, &r. of Oxford ; and contrasted
the peaceful and honourable mode of their acquisis
bon, with Use ravished stores of conquered commies,
collected by the etislaver of Europe.
The next competitor for fame, was Mr. Bill, of
Oriel College, who recited souse beautiful NIA
verses, nut surpassed by any of his predecessors.
Mr. Richards, of Jesus' College, spoke some
blank verse ins praise of the Abolition of the Slone
Trade ; and Lord Apsley concluded the 4at's
exhibition, by pionouncing a very eloquent Lena
Oration, in celebration of the talents, virtues, cud
character of the Chancellor. This Oration ins
highly and deservedly appluudeol, as were all the
compositions ofrite day, except the one immediate.
ly.preceiliog it, winch, being rather sermonic, m t
with portml disapprobation. l'oiteeen each of the
recitations, the orchestra played a sweet symphoat,
which imreeobly relieved the audience, and cons
posed the suinds of the agitated Orators.

At the coacissoiciii„,ciod save !Fe King %%as gira
in the most extiniatNistyle, uud was nowt:4W;
Matlauw,catalani sung the tint ran
a, a solo, 'and-iir..,,tticed, by her delightful arm
lion, the nir•st unbounded plaudit% Tie sena
Terse aes et:tie; by Mr,. Bianchi, Mr. ladlamy, Ni.
W. Kuyvett, and -Mr. Walsh. The third aid
fourth by ilionchi, Bellamy, Knyvett, sad Barth&
mutt. Catalan' j,,ined con amore in the thew,
and we never before lii.urd this beautiful what
peifusmed with greater edict than it was mi this
uccaiiion.

Lord Grrw►iilr thew broke up the irsesibly with
the magic wank Dirßolvirags knee Cows-
rioriess," end the I)odures, &o. quitud the Tilts.
tre, as on Tuesday, with plaudits or disapprobation,
us the feelings of the parties surrounding thea
prompted to Ike or dislike. The spplsuse wan molt
bberally bestowed ou Sir S. Smith—the cersure oa
the Head of Bratenoine College. The two Proc-
tors, on 'this, wed every other OCC4IIOU, wet with
ano.t dnpreciedesetedwpplaust.

The Concert, in the evening. wee again crovalql
to an overflow ; and not without tansy, for the ra•
tertaminent was the most attractive yet given. Tut
following performance* were inimitably produer.i:
ACT I.
Double Chorus—Atkalia. .lLsln•

_ _
"Tim ninthly power."
Song—Mr. Bartkwau PIONII.
" Ye twice tau hundred Deities "
litliold by Persia's hero." Belshazzar. Handel.
Snug—Mr. Benham, "
Duel—Mr. Bartle/nen and Mr. Ltellamy
" The Lord is a man of war." Israel io igypt
Concerto--.Vio'oucclio—Mr. Lindley Lindley.
Snug—Madame "aialsui " Vtitaina event mat a." Pain*.
/teed. —Mrs. Ashe, Dr;den's St. Cecilia's Ode." Hsi* t
.• Bet bright Cecilia."
Air and Chorue--" As frum the power." ..... .*. Ihrs4,!.
ACT 11.
Coarerto--Bassoon..Mr Holmes
Glee—" U my love's like the redred.rose." I;bl;eft
Reed. and Air—Mrs. Adtte, accompanied by Mr
Cramer
" Sweet bird." L'Aliemo ed II Peusierom.
Reck -.Mr. Vaugliail—Jadas Macebearer us Mode.
" Se in s;ied may Fattier."
Trio awl Char.—" Disdainful of danger."
80112—Mr. Brabant, " redeem"
Song—Mrs. Bianchi, "Gran Din." Bisset-.
Char -.Missile
" I be Cio4ll who chosen shed."
Song—Mr. Benisons, " Angel of life." De. tereete
Sirona-31adaine Looniest, " Umbra adorata." Ziazr
Grand Cburus—s. Hallelujah." Messiah Hatk.'d.
_ . .

It is inv,dious to particularise env of these pir-
formatic,v, but we airy say, Catalani had all hrr
nest of ❑i,;htingales in her throat. Brahma lo
" The beecilder'd muid," Knyvett in the glee, " 0
sty Love's like the red red-rose," Mr.. Bianchi's
" Gran D,0." and Liodley's " Concerto iolon•
cello." were exquisitely fine, and called forth re-
peated thunders of applause; indet d the whole coo-
was received with acclamations.
There was a grand disaster at Christ's Choreh for
between 200 and 300 persons; none being admitted
but gowtistoett.
To-morrow will be like today; some n:o".
D. C. L.'s are to he made, and some more spread
to be spoken. Among the farmer, we hope to sate
the name of She idea, highly favoured by tl.e Mute,
and sloe of the greatest ornaments of Britain to
genial, bleats, literary emir,* roeoto. and politic°
chaiaett►=the friend of the pvople--the frietAl
friend of the pres.—tht fii nit of
frtecloui—and the 6i•ad of the British Cost :0-
