CORN LAWS.

The Earl of LAUDER 1)A LE presented a petition from Hadleigh,
in Suffolk, agsinst any alteration in the Corn Laws. His Lordship
wished to observe that there had been nu Return laid before the
House of the quantity of oats, barley, or other foreign grain, ex-
cept wheat, now in bond ; and he thought such a Return necessary
to a right decision of the important questions which were likely
to occupy their Lordships' attention on Friday night.
Acjourned at a quarter after tire o'clock.

HOUSE OF CO3DIONS, WEDNESDAY, MAT JO.

At four o'clock the SPEAKER proceeded to count the House, but
there being but twenty-seven Members present, the House was ad-
journed until to-morrow.

NEGRO SLAVERY.

Mr. Brougham's long-threatened and repeatedly-de-
ferred motion, respecting Negro slavery, stands finally
fixed for this evening. It is not merely an ungracious,
but it is almost a hopeless task, to oppose the tide of popu-
lar feeling which has been excited on this subject, by those
who concur in Mr. Brougham's present view of it ; but
still we will venture to declare our own acquiescence
in the directly contrary opinions of a writer whom we have
already quoted on the subject, and who strives to expose
the fallacy of the ides entertained by even the moat
liberal of the enemies to slavery, namely, that the pro-
prietor of slaves will be duly indemnified for their libera-
tion, by being paid their individual value on appraisement.
It is scarcely necessary to remark, that in the provisions
of the Order in Council, put in force iri Trinidad, and in-
tended as a model to which the other Colonies are expected
to conform, one of the most important measures is that
which makes it competent to the slave to obtain his own
manumission, by demanding to be appraisal, and tender-
ing the amount of his declared value. This regulation
appears at the first view so equitable, that it requires the
full scope of Mr. M-Donnell's reasoning to show that it is
equitable in appearance only. We give it in his own work
as well deserving the attention of those who desire that
the country should not less " do justice" than " love
mercy."
1 The following is the extract alluded to, from a pam-
phlet intituled The West India Legislatures Vindicated ; by
A. Nl'llonnell, Esq.:—
This regulation allows the negro to free himself, independently
of the will of the owner. It declares, that if a slave demand his
manumission at a price below his alleged value, and the owner re.
fuse the application, then the Chief Judge shall summon the parties
before him, one appraiser shall be apvointed by the owner, another
by the protector, and an umpire by the Chief Judge, who shall
value the slave by appraisement. That this will at first view sp.
pear fair to the public generally, as well as expedient and reason-
able, I willingly admit; it is its plausibility which has caused it
to be so perseveringly pressed upon the West India Legislatures.
It is conceived, that when the master gets the value of his slave, he
cannot complain of having to part with him. The slave, in return,
acquires his liberty in the most advantageous manner, by his own
industry : there is no general excitement leading to turbulence; all
takes place gradually, quietly, and harmoniously. But, unfor-
tunately, two vital considerations have been overlooked.
Il'hat is the slave to do when Mei
And what is to become of the property sunk by the proprietor in
buildings and machinery ?
I apprehend that, like many other seemingly brilliant move-
ments in legislation, the Government will be found in this case to
have advanced only to the threshold, and to have stooped short
where the real difficulty commences. Our position is, that the ne-
groes will not work in a state of freedom; from which it follows,
that the Colonies must be ultimately lust to this country. A class
of society would succeed, rude in manners, retrograding in their
previous degree of civilization, unable and unwilling to procure
tee themselves those exchangeable comforts which properly form
the attribute of civilisation, and sinking byline* deterioration into
all the barbarism of savage life.
But it is contended, that, acknowledging on general grounds the
accuracy of the infetence, it should be remembered, that the new
regulation operates not generally but individually. No universal
rule against indolence can be admitted. If a negro, working all
the week for his master, is so assiduous as to labour extra hours,
by which he accumulates sufficient to purchase his manumission,
say from 1001. to 1501., in some cases from 2001. to 4001., is this
not proof positive that the seeds of industry are s o deeply rooted as
to secure its continuance when he has ulamately attained his free-
dom ? I persuaded myself that I had shown this argument to be
fallacious in my former work ; but, from recent proceedings in
both Houses of Parliament, I still find that in a misunderstanding
here has originated the new measure. When so profound a states-
man as Lord Liverpool expresses an expectation that in such in.
stances industry will continue, I admit that the case cannot be
so clear as I had previously supposed it, nor am I, in consequence,
surprised in observing the tone of public opinion.
In commencing then to investigate this point, let us inquire into
the inducements for amen in slavery, and the same man in a state of
freedom, to acquire a sum of money. The passion to hoard for the
sake of hoarding is, of course, not the stimulus to exertion in
either case. His object is to purchase something in exchange,
something which will be equivalent to, or rather exceed, in his
estimation, the irksomeness of earning its price. In a state of
slavery, then, what is this equivalent? It is with the slave the
most covetable of all objects, liberty, the prospect of future idle.
ness. In attaining to this, he has a visible, a tangible object to
contend for, constantly possessing his thoughts, and prompting,
where the magnitude of the allurement can overcome present indo-
lence, to continued effort. Let us fancy a negro at work in a field
in the West Indies undcr a vertical sun, and guess at his predomi.
nant desire. He thinks of the luxury of bodily relaxation, of
bending over a brook beneath sonic shady tree, watching the
movements of the fish, and partaking of the delicious coolness of
the scene; or he indulges the exciting idea of chasing game among
the woods for the gratification of his appetite. These enticing objects
lead him to reflect on the means for their attainment. He finds
that a Nunn of money will procure it; and snatches at•the
. opportunity of amassing such a sum, by the sale of stock, and
poultry, and vegetables, which he has ample means to rear. Now,
when the object for which we have beheld the impulse is at last
attained, will he still toil ? Not for an hour ass hired labourer.
lie worked before that he might realize idleness, and because he
had an inducement ; lie will now desist, for that was the object he
proposed to himself ; he has attained it, and has now no induce-
ment. There is nothing now to purchase—nothing in the whole
range of his conception that constitutes an equivalent. During his
state of slavery, a mighty inducement constantly urged him for-
ward. When he reached his hut in the evening, and fondly count-
ed over the dollars he had slowly earned, did he regard them as
playthings calculated only for idle amusement? No; he knew
well that they were the means of eventually procuring for him an
inestimable boon, and they served to urge him to exertion which
should have no cessation till his object were accomplished. Man,
we are told, is a creature of habits; and it is the obviousness of
this truism which has led many persons, without inquiry, to inn.
gine, that by the time a negro has amassed his ransom by his own
Industry, he will have contracted such habits of application as will
thenceforth become almost constitutional. But it is necessary to
reflect that these habits are all foreign to him ; they are opposed to
his natural bent I the very intensity of the stimulus will leave him
in a state of inertness when thus suddenly withdrawn.
lint even persons intimate with the theoretical principles of la.
hour ere apt to mistake the nature of these temporary habits.
They imagine them firmly ingrafted upon the negro character, and
consider them as an advancement in civilization too permanent to
be reversed. Such an opinion denotes confusion in Judgment •
and it views but half the inquiry. Its fallacy is speedily exposed
by a Ample question : How are the earnings to be spent ? In
searching for the answer, we discover that nothing whatever has
been done, and that not one motive exists, to induce the negro to
work in a state of freedom. The habit of voluntary exertion in
slavery, and the habit of voluntary exertion in freedom, are not
only dissimilar, but they are diametrically opposed. In the former,
the individual is prompted to save, for a definite end. In the latter,
the only inducement to labour is that he may spend. Whilst the
negro is in pursuit of this first object, he is checking, not nurturing
the germ of future industry. The sooner to attain the desired end,
be saves all he possibly can, that is, he keeps down his artificial
wants; those wants can only be established by their gradual
indulgence; therefore, when liberty is at length attained, any
increased gratification, such, for instance, as that of better lodg-
ing or superior clothing, is neither desired nor thought of. The
cost of subsistence in the West Indies does not exceed half-a.
crown a week ; :he rate of wages approaches to live anti twenty
shillings. Thus then, when s negro can so easily earn all that, in
a tropical climate, his wants require, what enjoyment can you hold
out to him, coupled with the necessity to work throughout the
week, that can outweigh the attraction of indulging himself as
above described. To teach him to spend his earnings upon an
enlarged indulgence, in personal decoration, is the only apparent
mode; but this, always supposing him the mature of habit neces-
eery for your argutnent, you have effectually prevented, by coin.
pelting him to habits of rigid self-denial throughout the years it
tcok him to realize his price of manumission.
elt
This, 1 trust, will be sufficient to prove the fallacy of tile opt.
Mon recently expressed, even in the House of Lards, that negroes
who free themselves will continue to be industrioue,
teinFporblensaokrethoef
regro perspicuity,cilaractlt,iiin,arvitehe,eocriiiblifis
ttrit,caliticatiniertev r to he con-
distinguish
hen I conic
the
to treat of the interests of the te,rn
difference is this respect between the old and the young men ; the
confounding of whom together, in their views and feelings, esped.

ally by reasoner' on the West Indies, has given rise to much mist.
conception. In either case, here, however, the principle is the
same; Inc if the mai advanced in years thinks less of his own IN
berty, but frees his children, in the result we shall still behold in-
dustry superseded by idleness.
It has been intimated. that even granting the above conclusions,
yet, as a greater degree of happiness would be secured to the negro
by giving him his liberty, it is Injustice to withhold it ; slavery is
a stain upon the nstional escutcheon ; and it behoves us to get rid of
a vicious syste.n, and to retrieve the country's character, at whst•
ever cost. Now, whatever seductive charms a life of sldth may
appear to possess, I much doubt if a disp•ssionate analysis
would prove it to be a state of happiness. Neither the eloquence
of Rousseau. nor the declamation of the Abbe Rayne!, can shot
our eyes to the turbulence, the bloodshed, and the anarchy prevail-
where men are left to the unbribled indulgence of their pas-
sions, We must institute competition between the Industrious
cultivation of the West Inilies and the license of the African cha.

racier elsewhere; and then I think that no real friend to his species
will deny the former to be preferable.
As to the specious plea of clearing the British character from
the stain of favouring slavery, we must reflect that it is out of
our power to diminish it. Aggravate it we certainly may,
and must, if anti-coloniel principles prevail. Whilst Europe
consumes the produce of the tropics, it will always be supplied to
her. Therefore, if we disable our colonial fellow.subjecte from
furnishing what we demand, foreigners will not be slow in
coming to supply our wants; and since this can only be effected
by increase of cultivation, to be accomplished by
,fresli importa-
tion, of labourers front Afric.a, it must be pretty evident that the
real interests of humanity forbid the change. Will any man
then avow the false philanthropy, which would redouble the sum
of African suffering, in order that Greet Britain may ostentatiously
display clean hands? Had we, indeed, originally found the
negroes on our West India Leland', we might with some pro.
priety be called upon to leave them to their own inclinations
again ; but having committed the original sin of transporting them
from their native land, it is a sacred duty to watch their welfare ;
and this can only be done by looking forward through distant
generations for their civilisation.
It has been thought proper to show, at the outset, how the re-
gulations under investigation would operate on the negroes
themselves, that the arguments on which the proprietor ground
their resistance may be impartially weighed. By meeting pro.
jectors on their own principles, and showing them that their
views are qui.e untenable, they may be disposed to hearken with
a readier ear to the complaints of those they are likely to injure.
Where a measure is once dieeovered to be erroneous in conception,
It is not so difficult to point out that it may prove unjust and
dangerous in execution.
Deterioration of property is the evil apprehended by the masters,
in the event of the negroes being permitted to claim their own
mentimission ; and that such a deterioration would ensue: on a
very large scale, I think can be demonstrated.
In the present state of West India cultivation, the value of
a negro is not determined by his sheer bodily strength, as in ?he
earliest stage of slavery. Intelligence is a prime quality, the,
display of which cannot be commanded or controlled by the
master. The value of ordinary li:id-labourers may be TOOL, btft
some one may be worth 34101. Why is there this difference ?
Because he is that moat valuable of servants, one who takes a per.
sonsl interest in the interests of his master, who anticipates !tie
orders, and who spurs on his fellow-labourers to discharge their
duty, or repairs their neglect by his own exertions. If sotefe are
thus raised above the ordinary value, others again fall below it.
There is many an idle fellow who only distinguishes himself by
giving trouble; he Is continually drunk, unfit to be trusted itt the
slightest particular, and would he gladly got rid of for UV.
Now, let us suppose the practice of compulsory manumission in-
troduced. A run for freedom becomes the vogue, and the wolihless
vagabond finds that he can procure what lie so much coveted with
comparatively little exertion. At the same time, the well-dieposed
character, prompted by his natural feelings, thinks equally about
his manumission, and goes to his master to inquire his price. He
is told SM. " What I" he exclaims, on hearing the largeness of
the amount, and reflecting on the time required to raise it, " such
a rascal as that to get free after only a few months' labour on his
provision.grounds, and I, who hare studied my master's interest,
to wait for it for years !" Is it to be supposed that he will remain
content under such a hardship ? Ile will consider the causes of
this difference in value.• He will perceive that a new era has com-
menced in the colony ; that profligacy obtains easily the highest re-
ward, whilst to merit it Is all but refused. He wilt not be long in
finding his remedy, and nothing will be easier than to suppress
those qualities of mind, or practices, which he now finds to be his
greatest evil. He will no longer manifest that assiduity and care
which caused him to be looked on morejike the foreman of a factory
in England than a mere labourer, but which now, instead of being a
source of pride and malefaction. constitute his greatest disadvantage.
The whole operation of an altered line of conduct is the easiest
imaginable; it is elitirely negative, and involves him in no danger
of punishment. By merely suppressing hie former intelligence in
the business of the estate, and confining himself to the bare die.
charge of his allotted task, his value may dwindle from three hun.
dred pounds to one hundred. Even supposing that, when he has
acquired a certain sum, he should exceed all limite in his plan of
self-depreciation, and provoke the most rigorous treatment front his
master, how long can this last He knows that he has the means
of procuring his freedom at no very distant period, and this rettec-
tion bears up his spirit, until he bat finally exhausted the patience
of the proprietor, and obtained his object.
If it be contended, that the appraisement will be regulated by the
previous character of the slave, and that any artifice he might em-
ploy to lower his real value will be detected by the appraisers, it
may be answered, that at all rights you will have made him thence.
forth a discontented labourer.
But it seems in the highest degree superficial to contemplate the
present operation alone of such a measure, and to oveflook its
effect upon the rising generation. Na sooner would this 13w be
passed, than the whole of the youthful class, whose faculties were
just dawning, would be taught to suppress every thing like acute-
ness, and to stifle every indication which seemed to promise in.
dustrious habits, and their necessary result, advancement in civili.
ration. Even admitting that at the present moment the value of
most of the prime people upon estates throughout the West Indies
is sufficiently appreciable by those likely to he made appraisers,
still we know how rapid are the changes in white society. in our
Colonies ; anti at the end of five tears, for Instance, is it to be
conceived that equitable consideration would be accorded to the
proprietor, If, in the interval, the negro becante conscious that the
more he deceived those around him, as to his true capability and
value, the more easily could he obtain his manumission.
Let us take a longer period, say. ten years. Here, it is evident
that the general policy which the interests of the negro population
prompted them to pursue would be more extensively understood
and acted upon. Those who had obtained their own manumission,
and desired to see their younger connexions freed likewise, would
impress upon them the fine of conduct best calculated to keep down
the value of their services to the proprietor. Thus, through pleas,
not partial or accidental in their operation, but systematic and pet.
manent, the increase of knowledge would be perverted to the prac.
lice of deceit, and future civilization proceed on a basis of universal
profligacy.
The hours of labour in all the Colonies are now regulated by
law. The leisure time afforded to the negroes is considerable; and
such is the nature of the climate, the fettdity of the soil, and the
facility of rearing stack. that the opportunity to save money is great
enough to afford every advantage to the slave towards attaining his
object. On the other head, the value of the master's produce is in
no degree controllable by him ; he has no plea to urge in the Euro-
pean market relating to the cost of production; the price of his
commodity is compelled to conform to the selling rate of foreign
produce. lf, therefore, the master cannot take away the leisure
time allotted to the negro by law, nor deprive him of his grounds,
while there exists no possibility of raising his value with the sp-
irals,,,, by raising the price of colonial produce, are not the inte-
rests of the entire negro population put In direct opposition to those
of their masters; and will not this feeling progressively extend
itself, rendering, in each succeeding year, the principle of ap-
praisement more disadvantageous to the latter?
Grant to the negroes the possession of the least intelligence, or
that they possess the propensity of men to consult their own ease
and ideas of happiness, and the conclusion appears indisputable,
that the difficulty of procuring manumission must gradually dimi-
nish, and at each step inflict injury on the proprietor.
The value of h negro is comparative; it is determined by the
general disposition and prevailing character of those around ; and
if there be any simultaneous impulse among the rising generation
to lower the return of their services, any reference to previous cha-
racter becomes nugatory. and can afford in an appraisement no safe-
guard to the interests of the owner.
In this state of things, before we contemplate further the exten-
sive deterioration of property, let us examine the boasted advan-
tages to accrue to the blacks. The wholesome subordingion of the
employed to the employer must be subverted. A premium is hell
out to encourage debauchery, idleness, and crime. The precepts of
religion will be perverted to favour hypocrisy, and the dissemina-
tion of knowledge will more clearly teach the means by which the
colonies may beiruined. Vet such is the tendency of the highly-
lauded resolution of Parliament for promoting " the well-being of
the slaves." Such the wisdom of the regulation, which, with sin-
gular infatuation, parties in England have reprobated the Colonists
for not adopting, as a proof of the judicious moderation with which
the British Legislature tempered its interference.
AN ADDRESS TO THE MANUFACTURERS
OF 7'llE UNITED KINGDOM.
BY WILLIAM MALE.

No individual can he practically better informed on the
subject upon which he writes than the author of this Ad-
dress. lie is a manufacturer of considerable eminence in
Spitalfields, and, employing a number of workmen, he
is well enabled to Judge as to the causes of that distress
which the Committee (of which he is an active and lead-
ing member) have devoted themselves so zealously to re-
lieve. lie strongly condemns the reduction of the wagts
for weaving during a decreasing demand for goods.. The
policy which he would recommend, as the only one cal-
culated to revive the energy of trade, is, instead of lowering
the wages of the workmen, to reduce the hours of labour,
and thus to diminish the quantity of stock. lie says—
"
The cold theory of • half a loaf is better,than none,' of com-
pelling the labourer to reduce the price of his work, has become a
powerful mean for effecting universal and lasting distress. At pe.
riots in which the warehouses were greatly overstocked, the only
moral remedy would here been, to have kept up the price of la-
bour, and to hate reduced, fur a time, the quantity of %oil: to Lk:
done. Instead of obliging the poor to work for half, or len than

half, of their accustomed wars ; instead of making the toil (rota
fifteen to eighteen hours out of every twenty.four, to procure bread
for their families, and thus increase, by a ruining addition,. the
stooks of goods every week, sad which must lnevitablytereintsato
in a great, universal, and laatisg depromion :—the true pollee
would have been to have put thalournemnan upon half work and
not to have diminished the price It leaving. Thus she pose would'
have obtained as much mousy fur 4( hours labour lust 441, as they
earned in sixteen hours under the sOatint *hilt him bees ito fatally
pursued. By the plan here recommended, the jouriwyribeltlLgaany,
persuaded. would have felt as thankfulto their itsastelleita t
they had been in full work ; many of them would have "ropbyed
their leisure time in various methods of honest ingenuity, or MOM.
I mica' arts, which would have exercised their mind*, have Inept
them from temptation, and have mode a little but valuable addl.'
Lion to their weekly income. By pureeing this "slam the peer
would loon have been restored to their full employment-Am de.
mend for manufactured goods would very soon have Wen spot she
increase—the proper diminution of stock would necessarily and im-
mediately have followed, as there would not have New any flans-
tural accumulation to be got uff.
" To all this it will be replied—' that in proportion b you can
by every possible mean reduce the price of labour, you will Macaw
the demand for our manufactured Ronde, not only forMse home
consumption, but for our foreign trade.' This I fully edict; btu,
then you must nut push this theory of reducing wages below a fair
and just remuneration for labour—you Mast not rote (Be weaver of
halt his wages. and then send him to the parish for the tabsining
half—you must not thus violate the first prinCiples of bond
economy."—P. 15.
Mr. HALE adduces the aUthorlty►ofADAM SMITH, who
lays it down as • principle, that a man most not only
always live by his work, but that his wages should be always
somewhat more than are sufficient to maintain his family,
for otherwise the race of workmen could not Mat beyond.
the first generation. Mr. !Isle's design is (6 demonstrate
the expediency of keeping this principle perpetually In'
view; and the reasoning with which lie combats the polity
of those manufacturers who depart from it well deurraf•
their consideration.

"It is the extreme of folly to talk of int:miming foreigg tom:'
merce by such impolitic and unjust mein*. bet the ad el
such a system remember that it costs the country more so
srti:le when it is paid under the price. then when the lobe** nye
wires his fair and full wages. The evil., that took place at law
cheater, and other parts of the north, in the autumn of 181/,
fatal proof of the tfuth of this asNertion. IhNing that retied, wino
the country was in perpetual alarm at. the numerous and tomultneed:
meetings of an enraged population, the newspapers pfelented daily
the heart-rending accounts of the great miss of one manufacturing
poor being redtfced to a state of starve:fort, although they were in
full work ! Waggon loads of frames were drawn Mule by the op.
pressed frame-work knitters, who could not get bleed toe them.
selves and children, though Wol•king siXteen twins in shade,. In-
deed, almost all the weavers, of every kind, throughout the kings
dom. were reduced to the same deplorable state. It was then, when
innumerable eortntenances v'ere clouded with despair, when tide
state of suffering had been long familial' to than, that those pp.
pular meetings became truly alarming. rtnd thfiteened the dellliC4
Lion of all that is valuable in eivilired society.
" I/et It be remembered, that if you pay the ha/enter, bat ben
their wages, still they must be fed . • you by these unjust Means ta.
crease tFa tremendous degree the boors. fete tastes--yrte destroy
the morals of the poor—you' starve and make them discontented—
and then, justly fearful that their enraged feeflngi will drive them
to some desperate efforti, you oblige the Government to continue •
large standing army, to restrain end keep th•fm in awe by legal
cOefelon:"—P. la
The writer objects very forcibly Co the applying the
funds for the telief of those Sneering from the want of cm,'
ployment, towards eking out the waged of there weaver,
M whom work ie git'en out by the masters.
' " Those who aie at this time. entruited with the distriberlen
of the public benevolence abotild guard against every attempt at
tonverting it into wages. This would be destroying ths intention
of the donors, and increasing the evil complained of. I am sonsl
to say that in Spitallields this' has, in a few instances, been at.
tempted. Persons have, from mistaken notions, lowered be
price of labour, and have sent dicta* whose wages were thus re.
du;:cd to be partakers of our benevolent fund. But these applies..
tions have been firmly rejected, whenever they have been disco.
vered. The same system has been tried Upon oar palish rates,
but our Churchwardens and Overseers are determined to resist

...... _
the evil. No work shall be taken into the workhouse for the an.
ployment of the paupers, bet Kt the fair and just price t nor shall
any man silat is unfairly beaten down in the ON of Weaving re.
entre any addition to his low Wire front the parochial fond. He
shall not be left to want—the pariah will take care of him and his
family—but the unjust employei shall net reap the benefit which
his cupidity prompted him to get, at the expense of the safeties*
of his fellow.cresture. The adoption of this principle I 'wield
most earnestly recommend to all the Magistrate, Cie ilanufao.
Curers, and We Churchwardens and Overseen, throughout tint
kingdom. Let the manufacturers of Ate Brithdemptre atteolk at
this present juncture to the wise and moshory declanstion eels*
celebraied political economist, Adam Smith.—• The liberal reeled
of labour/ as it fa the necessary effect, so it is the natural symptent
of increasing national wealth. The seamy maistemine of thdk.
boating poor, an the other hand. is the natural symptom that
things are at a stand ; and their starving condition that they ore
going fast backwards.' And, fmm a deep' conviction of thetas.
portance of the case, let me earnestly entreat the manufactures.
and all who employ any poor throughout the kingdom, to UAW
this subject immediately into their most serious consideration
and to unite, by sotin wholesome, wise, and riArtive regulations,
to advance the pries of labour, wherever such advance is justly ma
quired." Ay
The benevolent system advocated by 1411. Male is greatly
to his credit as a manufacturer. This pamphlet is replete
with a spiel of liberality, which cannot be too strongly
disseminated and imbibed.

DISTURBANCES AT TROWBRIDGE'.
[From the Rath cud Cheltenham, Gazette of Tuesday.]
We deeply regret to state, that on Saturday last the neighbouring
town of Trowhridge was the scene of much confusion and outrage.
the origin of which appears to have been as follows:
Som. hucksters had been suspected of either forestalling Or mom
nopoliziog potato e'i the price of which commodity advanced contd.
dsrably in the market on that slay beyond that of the previora week.
and these circumstances were considered by the lawless as ample
Mesons for making a general attack upon the gardener,' ifttiitailol.
nately. This they accor.tingly dice ; and the work o' plunder and
destruction was so effectively performed, that by eleven o'clock not
a single vegetable of any description was to he seen in the market,
and at that hour every shop was et:Sod. The country butcher's,
fearing • similar attack on them, moved off their meat, and by
twelve only the town butchets' standings were left. At that time
the market-place was filled with a rabble of the lowest description,.
who having nothing to do, and nothing to lose, were ready for any
mischief. The Magistrates (who are for the most part manufac-
turers) assembled at the Woolpacks Inn at three o'clock, and drew
up an address to their misguided workpeople, pointing out the
folly of their conduct in thus driving away those persons who were
in the habit of attending the market with provisions—exhorting
them to patience and good conduct—and threatening to discharge
front their employ all who should be found joining in such riotous
proceedings. This address was widely distributed (in • printed
form), and a number of special constables were sworn in.
About nine o'clock, however, s dreadful outrage commenced ;
the mob attempting to break into the shop of Thomas Marsh, a
baker, in the 'Market-place. Foiled in this attempt, they then
drew off to the Courts in a large body, and began pelting the COD.
stables, who rushed in a body upon one or two individuals that had
rendered themselves obnoxious, one of whom they succeeded in
apprehending, and committed him to the guard-house: although,
in going thither, they were nearly overpowered by the mob, many
of whom had large sticks and stones, This outrage wits succeeded
by frequent skirmishes with the mob, who were evidently bent on
every species of mischief; and one of their first attempts was to
liberate the prisoner. Mr. Waldron, the magistrate, assisted by
sonic of the most respectable inhabinarts, stationed himself at the
door of the prison, and told the lawless crowd that he was deter.
mined to remain at his post ; but an increase of force from the
besiegers rendered • retreat necessary, in which several of the con.
stables received broken heads and severe contusions. The rabble
then proceeded to unroof the prison, and to liberate the prisoner;
anti in this they fully succeeded.
Further attempts to restore tranquillity appearing to be in vain,
the greater part of the constables thought it proper to endeavour
to protect their own personal pioperty ; a measure whieh the sequel
proves was highly necessary ; for about half-past twelve the mob
began parading the High-street, breaking the windows of the
inhabitants, although very many of them could not be considered
as having rendered themselves obnoxious.
An express had been sent to Devizes for the Yeomanry Cavalry,
who arrived about one o'clock on Sunday ; and between five and
six o'clock the constables, guarded by the military, proceeded to
apprehend some individuals who had been marked out as particu-
larly active in the riot on the previous evening ; two of whom were
immediately sent oft in • chaise to Salisbury, for trial at the ensuing
Assizes ; and two more are in custody.
!HELENS/0C MAY 8.
I have heard news from Trowbridge, up to eight o'clock this
evening; and although no outrage had been committed (to-day)
up to that hour, the assemblage of people was still very alarming,
the presence of the military alone preventing them from proceeding
to extremities. The Melksharn troop of Wilts Yeomanry was
joined here yesterday by the Chippenham troop, and they both left
this about three o'clock in the afternoon, for the scene of distur.
bance. The Devises and Warminster troops had previously ar.
rived there. Last night, about seven o'clock, the temps were
called from their quarters to quell the rioters; when six or seven
were apprehended, and sent to Salisbury under an escort ; amongst
them was one man from Melkaham, who had left this after the
departure of the two troops ! It is consolatory, however, to know
that in this quarter, as well as in the North, no political question
agitates the disturbers of the public peace ; and it is also worthy
of notice, that one of the ringleaders in the Trowbridge disturbance
has been, up to this very period, in the weekly receipt of 21e. for
his labour.
TROWBUIDGE, TUESDAY 1401ININth
The Magistrates were here in attendance all yesterday, elm-
mining various persons who were brought before them as eiders
and abettors in the riot on Saturday ; and three more (five in all)
are cominitteri ; and three others are in custody. Tranquillity is
now restored.

f' • •
