SHOCKING ACCIDENT.

On Friday, as some convicts were employed proving a new
invented iron crane, in Flr•tham Dock yard, J l..ttiee, n
labourer, was ordered to ■tteud to supply it with oil ; when
in the act of stoopin4 the cast iron spindle broke some dia.
tance below the surface of the earth, in consequence of
which, the whole of the crane, together with the immense
piece of iron taming thereto, weigbing seven and a half
tons, fell partly into the river, and caught Lettice on the
edge of the wharf, and completely unshed him ita WI";
be wa. seen to move his hand, hut never spoke. Ife was the
non of a respectable MRIII some years since, near Upehnrcti,
and has left a disconsolate moth. r, who wits whnliy depend.
ant on him, to deplore his Lou. A toiniter'a itnpiest was
held on the body on Saturday. Verdict—Accidental Death.

MURDERS.
A person of the name of Mahan, whoescaped io the
month of August last from the gaol of NOW kb•fly, Indiana,
where he was confined with Iwo otlmrs on auspirion of har-
ing murdered two men, has heewapprebegdpd at litalrlcei apidi
pent off to Indiana. IPenhapn is a cernApti hp birth,
sayti—" At the asp of 'tan years he, .01/led the army
Genes-al 11lotran, and remained (nom Oaf Pique in the.
French seethe, unfit 'Ronsparte us, (OM] to Elba, after
which he entered the Prussian sfrvire, mid relnwined in it,
until a short time new the battle of Witticism. After leav-
ing the Prussian service he proceeded to A nistcrilam, finin
which place he sailed ip company with a number of Ger.
111) II rcileinntioneers, and arrisetl at A nioapolis, M S. where
his services uere purchased by Gcn. Fluidics, of Ky. who.
slut put chivied s German woman to whom D. wap sfewritisrda
married—after the expiration of his service he reqk his wife
to Indians, where he resided until his escape.- —(Aqtarican
Paper )

110 RR I D MURDER.
--.Fie.....

The Charleston Times details, at wane lengths kluit portion-
lairs of the murder of a negro in Beaufort IJoitrict, qiteuded
with very aggravating circumstances. A Jury of Inquest
having been called, h app, :emit frun3 the evidence of en aged
Lady, mother-in-law to the owner and timmflerer of the
negro, that the unfortunate sltve had beret sick saute days,
and on the Saturday previous was is Ilse hitclteu ; that on
stepping out of doors she saw her eon-isidaw dragging him,
prostrate, intn the kitchen, Sararing that he would " finish
the rascal ;" that, from the great effusion of blood iu the
yard, and the motionless insensibility of the negro, she be-
lieved he was already dead, and told big master so ; that he
swore it was nothing hutstublsorn bypucriaye which he would
soon force out of him—and, eallnig for sow hoiljng aster,
threw it into the lice of his,victim ritldillg all Lis cu loos.
your. to reanimate the body Ineffectual, he crushed his skull
with an axe! The verdict of the Jury as., '0 That the de-
ceased came to his death in emmeesqftemoe of eansdree.hicemr of
an age, in/Band an kin neck NOM hand. 07
master, Samuel toseis."—lut mediate', after the perpotr.itino
of the murder, Lewis collected all the tummy (*wing him by
liii.ueipbours, mounted, his borie, and rode off.

•
TAB RDITOR OF TRH BRITISH PRESS•
NEW MARKETS.

---
Blie—The depressed stale of she Grecian commove* of the
1 livery is a subject so truly interesting to every native of Great
• Britain, and to every inhabitant who desires the good of the
realm, that I feel I ant doing a service to the community
is sending a transcript of that part of a most intelligent
cud judicious report on the subject, which snitches to new
and untried Markets, an iutereouthe with which world
promote the civilization of mankind, and gradually effect
the abolition of the Aft ken Slave Trade. The whole of the
Commercial Report, in the last number of Blackwood's
Rdinburgli Magazine, is well dry-eying the perusal of
every intelligent British subject, and mote particularly that
ofthe mercantile community.
After discussing, in a very able manner, the true causes of
the decay of foreign commerce, this intelligent writer says :
" While we may (if peace be cunt 'sued to the world) confi-
dently expect a gthilust improvement is our trade with
foreign natives; yet we must not look for, or expert,
that it will reach, in any of the old Warkeis, the name
beneficial extent that it once did. tie moat expect
and allow all other civilized nations to come iii fur
their share of the trade of the world, and also expert that
every million will encourage their own internal trade and
mthofectures. Under these circiornetances II is our policy to
look for Deis markets for our trade—new markt ts in coun-
tries, where Nu competition in native skill, manufactures,
and industry, is ai all, or at least for ape' likely to come
in competition with, or iiijute the ilemstid for aura. Such
thickets may yet Le found. Through the wide extent of site
Bost lodise Archipelago, 'bete is a great fight, but above all,
it is to Africa that we ought to two our ottonittos. There
Is a field of vast magnitude—a field, which, at present, see
may make exclusively our own. There is no longer icy room
to doubt, lint in the Bights of Benin and Biafra, the great
river Niger rulers the Atlantic Berme, by several navigable
estuaries, and that by means of that noble river and its
tributary streams, the whole clistral parts of the northern
quarter of that great Continent are laid moldy open to the
operations of commerce. These countries are all populous,
and the elements of commerce are most abundant, and also
of the most valuable kinds. The productions of these places
sue those of which we •re most in wart, and every thing
which they require is almost exclusively the productiou of"'
oar industry and skill. Hence the advantage. of a trade 1
with these parts becomes very evident, while plotitine
sad exteodiug legitimate commerce into the boeum of
Africa, is the most effectual way to benefit our Weat India
Colonies, and the only way by which we ever can pull as end,
either to the external Slave Trade, or to slavery is Africa.
OW, thew her Princes and her ponnialion that we will giro,
and that they can obtain more for the productions of their
sod, and the labour of their glares in Africa, than for the
*hum himself, and the work is done. The Slave Trade
would diets gradually dwindle into oblivion, sad be heard of
no more. All this is is our power. A settlement in the
island of Fernando Po, and inland on the united strum
of the Niger, would place the whole within the grasp, amid
under the control of Great Brttua.'___

VASCO DE GANA.
