.. \

Meads *ad *en *mini ibmintilasts ; *boa listen to
you 114th displeasure, and Oen the better divined
with inkier; and the mornent is evidently approach-
ing, *hen a long melancholy silence will be the law
of your existing* and the severe, but imperious
condition of your personal liberty.
All this and more than this—for who can fit the
&nits Of the evil I—you will endure; not merely
with fortitude and equanimity, but with the proud.
the animating consciousness of invincible superiority,
if you are great and strong enough never to be un-
true to yourselves. Your immediate infisence may
be obstrufted, the sphere of your Operations may be
circumscribed within narrow limits, your hands
may be fettered, and your mouths closed by power;
but these are only the out-works of your strength ;
your immoveable resolution; your unalterable
principles; your invariable, silent protestation
against every thing that overbearing violence at-
tempts to execute or to justify ; the lively convic-
tion produced alike in friend and foe, that the war
between injustice and you will not terminate in
false negnciations, will not be interrupted by hol-
low armistices, or end in faithless treaties; the
worthy, bold, ever-upright, and ever-prepared atti-
tude in which yeti will appear to your contempo-
raries—these are your unperishable wearns.
Your mere isolated existence strikes constant terror
into the oppressor, and it is to the oppressed a
source of inexhaustible cossolatfon.
Never forget, that the spot en which you are
placed, is the centre of all those enterprises, by
which, sooner or later, Europe must be released
from slavery; the code of despotism must be de-
&toyed ; the proud aerial structure of perishable
power must be overturned, and a new, immortal
cowman, met be formed between freedom, order,
obi pm. feet more Nippy posterity. Nor Eng-
le/4mm Mali, can effect this ; both are desirable
as eeofederatas ; both are invaluable as counter-
poises or allies; bet the aetual work of deliverance
must prosper on German soil. Hence must re-
generation proceed; as here the work of devastation
and ruin was accomplished. Earepe fell through
Orman., ; through Germany ale nest rite. It
war not the energy or the arts of France—it
was not the wild convulsive power which issued
from the horrible abyss of the revolution—it was
not the preponderance, or ability of a creature of
that revolution, which has lifted the world from its
asis—but the voluntary defencelessness of Germany.
Our baneful intestine divisions, the mutual jealousy
of Our Princes, the reciprocal antipathy of their sub-
jells, the extinction of every genuine sentiment for
else general interest of the nation, the relaxation
of patriotic spirit ; these are the conquerors, the
41111elsyten of our liberty; these have been our mor-
tal estasies, and the enemies of Europe. Could we
have united—could we have forgotten our family
feuds—could we, in the hour of danger, in the hour
of general need, have resolved to be Germans, we
might have defied every storm; not one foot of
German soil had then become the prey of a haughty
foreigner; not one single member, no, not even the
weakest of the well. construtted body politic of Europe
had fallen off. Nay more. we should have enjoyed
the glory of restoring France —sick, deeply dis-
trailed France, to real health—for who can con-
found her present state, her unnatural, bloated cor
pulence, with genuine health I—to a peaceable,
harmonious existence, to a reconciliation with her-
self : a deed which, if accomplished in a proper
sense, and with instruments judiciously seleOed,
would, at the same time, have strengthened and
perfeieei the social system of Europe, both in the
whole and in part, for many centuries.

This, brethren, we might have effefted, and this
opportunity we have wantonly renounced. But if any
thing is capable of rescuing us from this abyss of
weakness, in which we are now expiating our
faults, it is that tame resolution, by which, at an
earlier period, we should have been preserved from
the commission of them. Separated, we were
overthrown, united only can we rise again.
It is impossible that a nation like ours, however
it may have been humbled and insulted, deserted
and betrayed ; however it may have for a time for-
g uten itself. daeslest by infernal artifices, nr discou-
raged by calamity and defeat, should not at length
recover from the most shameful and the most cruel
degradation : it is impossible that so much men..al
energy, so much personal superiority, and such a
profusion of natural talents, such penetration :.nd ad-
vantages of various kinds, as we comprise in our
bosom, should not sooner or later collet into one fo-
cus, thence animate the whole, and break through
all ineireftual barriers; it is impossible that, from
this venerable st, ck of such nlxnilold excellence.
from this mother country of European monarchy.
fro It so many families, bound by the renown of their
great Ito elathers, to transmit a sacred inheritance to
their posterity, out of so many princely races, still
surrounded in this evening of all greatness aids the
beams of ancient splendor, a perfeft hero, a deliverer,
and an avcngcr, should act at length arise, to wipe

the teal's front writ, eye, to replace us in sour ever-
lasting rights► to 're-edify Germa;4 and &trope. Td
prepare for this guardian angel, let him appear when
he will, resolute and useful instruments, subjells hos-
tile to illegitimate sovereigns, avowed enemies to ty-
rants,a people obedient to lawful authority; to provide
for the altars of social order, and of a virtuous love
of liberty, ictelligent and worthy priests, and for
posterity a nursery of energetic minds and valiant
champions, to prevent any similar calamity from
again overtaking mankind--thir it your important
duty.

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LON DON,
MONDAY, Scprcatesit I.

A paper of yesterday announced the arrival of a
Messenger on Saturday from France.—lt was pro-
bably led into this mistake by the arrival of a Mes-
senger from Vienna with the la:: Hamburgh mail.
We had not learned, at a late hoar last night. that
any Messenger bad arrived from France. Much
importance is attached to the next dispatches from
Lord LAUOLILDALI. It is thought that they will
be decisive, but public expeCtation does not incline
to the favourable side.
Letters were received on Saturday from Ham-
burgh, which mention, that hostilities bad actually
commenced between Prussia and France. General
RUCHE', a very old General in the Prussian ser-
vice, is said to have been killed. It is added, that
the French had crossed over to Embden, where the
aorgentent is reported to have taken place. Wh
410 tot know what degree of credit is du* to this
I NPR

The air of Chiswick agrees very well with Mr.
Fox, and he is better since his removal to that
charming place from town. He is, however, filling
again with water, but that is the natural Progress of
his disease, and his Physicians propose to tap him
again before the large vessels have had time to fill.
The operation of course will soon take place. We
have already stated, that the Physicians have as-
certained, that the internal parts are all sound, and
indulge a confident hope, that he will be able to
repel the disorder.

An overland packet, from India, was received at
the India House on Saturday. The letters from

Bombay are dated December 16.
The following Peneral orders by the Commander-
in-Chief Lord LAKt confirm the !intelligence of
the Bombay Division of the Army hiving been or-
dered to proceed for Guzirat, by his Lordship, with-
out delay:—
Head-querten, Camp at Rsiponr Ghaut, on the left
Bank of the Hyphasis, Member, 18, 1506.
The senintat the divisios of the Army ,from the Presi.
*ale of Ileshey, under the commast of Major-General
Asp, *leg se hanger ossuary in its present situation,
144esGeneral team will be Owed to cosiness, his march
towards Gusset without delay.
The

was happy on a former occasion
of Use -

to express his particular approbation . I appear-
soca and good order of the troops composing that division
M the army; and his Lordship with pleasure embraces the
preecnt occasion of returning his best thanks to Major-General

Jones, the Oldbers, and men of His Majeity's and the He.
41tedratile Company's troops under the Major-General's cons.
*sand, fur the important services rendered by them during
Ilse war.
Since the period at which the Commander-in Chief en-
raged the satisfaction he derived on inspecting the troops
ender Majr.Germ! Jones's command ; he Lordship has
been proud to witnesses eyes, occasiee on which they have
been employed, the oesdy conduct and gallantry in action
of all the troops cornposir g that division; and his Lordship
will not fail to make known to the Government of Bombay,
the high sense he entertains of the meritorious services rentm-
ed by Major-Geseral Jones and the troops under his com-
mand.
The David Scat and Cornevillit Indiamen had
arrived at Bengal from China, and the Castlereagh
had arrived at China from Bengal.
We have received Dutch Papers to the 26th, con-
taining the Paris news to the 2td.
A letter from Cassel, dated Aug. 14, says :
" The Northern Powers are extremely aaive re-
speaing the new Confederation. As aeon as the
Russian Envoy at Berlin shall have received the
necessary instruitions from St. Petersburgh, the
changes intended will probably take place. The
Counsellor of State, M. has taken a rude
sketch of this Constitution with him to St. Peters.
burgh, a copy of which has been hit at Berlin.—
Hamburgh, it if. said, is to be the seat of this Con-
federation. Several of the principal cities of the
Empire will of course lose their Sovereignty. The
Duke of Brunswick is named as the Prince Primate
of the Northern Confederation. Our Ehtlnr is not
expelled to return from Berlin, till these affairs are
in a great m .asute settled, and the answer of the
Court of St. Petersburgli is received ; this is es-
peeted about the 24th instant."
Another letter, dated Paris, 7tOth Aug. states :
" The intercourse between Paris and London still

corrinues. it is also remarked, that Lords

mouth and Lauderdale made a visit two days az
M. M. Champagny and Clarke, which the la
returned a few holds after, and that the day he
yesterday these two Lords dined with the Mini
of the Interior."

An Austrian Journal, of the ta instant, r
tions, " that Goriaa and Gradisca, in Aitsi
Friuli, were occupied by the French on the
of July. They took possession in the nam
the King of Italy, and required the Public
cers to take the oaths of fidelity to that Snveri
[hose refusing to do so were dismissed Isom
employments, and several of them were impr
ed. The French Commissary immediately
pointed others in their place. The new oases
lion was elfeered in a few drys. We, neve:lSi
suppose, that this unexpelted nomination is o
provisional and temporal), measure, particu
as we learn this day, that the reports of mil
preparations in the Austrian Monarchy, are wil
foundation, and that the Archduke Charles, to
any appearance of the kind, has given °rein's,
there shall not be a single camp formed this
according to the annual praelice."
Both the Calabrias have been declared in a
of revolt, and the ferocious MASSCN A has
sent, by the mild and merciful King JOSE!
an army of 2.3,000, and fall powers to reduce
to subjeßion. The British troops are rrs
in possession of Amantea, and Saint Euph
upon the western coast of the Peninstil I, i
latter of which, they are said to be s.rongl
trenched. It is now near two months since
tachment of our army landed in Calabria, at
official accounts have as yet reached this cc
of its proceedings.

The &rens, Rosati., irom New Provide
captured by the Veit/IX French man of War.
The Mary, Matso:ape, from Ma'A Ott, fo
Yrrk, is detained and seat into Madeira.
The drdaiser Maria. and • Frirodolift, Ind
for Bombay, were at Penang on the Ist of
under convoy of the Rattler sloop of war. The
for Madras, was also at Penang.
Letters from Madeira, dated the tOth of
state that the outward-bound Indianan,
%Varian ; TotteraUae. Joon; and ibuldart
sari; with the Teignasork cruiser, were I
from thence on the following day.
Lord Hot LAND has lent the CriaNcitttoi
•Excistouza Little Holland House, as a tem;
sidence ; the CH A NCII. Loa comes to town evo
to tninsat business at the Treasury.
%%hen the Prince of Hesse Philipnhal t
his wound, at Gaeta, he was carried at fin
owe house ; but, as the French direded then
particularly against that house, the Nate s
board an English frigate. When be warir
of the capitulation of the place, he declared
the Officers who signed it deserved death.
The late Decal Palace, in St. Mark's-pli
nice, is new furnishing, as it is expeded
Emperor NA mouton will go thither in the c
the present year, and remain some weeks.
The Prussian Envoy, recalled from J
Baron Von Jacobi Kloest, arrived. with hit
at Altona, on the Itith. and the taut okay pt
OA his journey to Berlin.

The French Envoy, M. Li Rocheferucau
disposed at the Baths of Baden.
The Confederation of the Rhine puts ei
lions of Germans under the protedion of Ti
lidienne.a forty-four gun frigate, was
at St. Malves, on St. Napoleon's day.
The namburgb Correll:widener', of the I
contains the Emperor of Germany's mist
the Imperial Dignity in Germany; as also
of his titles, and the alterations in the rev!
leaving out every thing relative to the
Imperial (dignity.
The Russian army. by the addition of
levies, is now increased to 500,000 men
appears to be some foundation for the re
Northern Confederation, under the prot
that power.
It was reported on Saturday, we know
what authority, that the Int, of 50 gu
Admiral Sir E. Gowen, had been capital
enemy. We deem it premature.
As the Friendship West Indiamen. Cap
from Jamaica, was, with two or three oth
ing into the West India Dock, Blackws
turday, she ran upon a shoal, and fell
side. The cargo, convicting of. eager,
much damaged. By the ezertions of the
lightermen, who cut away her masts,
righted with the tide yesterday. and br.
the Dock, where she now rides in sattty.
Sir T. Louis's Squadron, consisting of
of the line, a frigate, and sloop. sailed at fi
p. ay. on Thursday, for the purpose of ii
JZRONZ Bon AAAAAA 's Squadron. Not
ing the confident and numerous account
tern of the Veteran alone, we should
prised, if it shall tura out, that the rest
.Iron was net far distant. The Osiv.une.
the Quebec fleet, with part of the tith R
board, has arrived at Cork, and states, tha
she fell in with the Veteran. another ssil
gvished to leeward, bearing S. by E.
also the appearance of a man of war ant
report prevailed, at Plymouth, on
that the whole squadron was left of (
On the 422 d a Une of battle ship was se
with a press of sail E. S. E.—She is sup
the Veteran, and there is much reason
she has escaped.
The Loyal Southwark Volenteer Re!
Sharp Shooters attached, under the
Lizut.-Colonel A Lcoca, are ordered
day, on Monday, the Bth September.
merit was the first in the London dish
believe in England), that signed the
se: v: under the New Regulations of
tide .i►ters.
