THE BRITISH PRESS•

to repeat this newt, and to add that the Clergy offers the King of
Spain 100 millions for this purpose. We must place in the same
rank the news of the corrtapontlent of the Drapnis Blanc, who an-
nounces that 14,0011 Spahiatds are on their march to the frontiers of
Portugal, and that Romero A Ipuente, Torrijos, and Lopez Ila-
nw, have arrived at Lisbon.
A Journal (the ('oeirricr Fraurais), which continually repeated
that the Portuguese Charter was the work of the English Cabinet,
contains to-day the following article :
" There is much talk of a Circular, said to be addressed by Mr.
Canning to the several Cabinets, to assure them that the English
Ministry had no part in the resolution taken by the Emperor Don
Ped do-
minions, which he inherited by the death of his father; and that
ro, as King of Portugal, to give a Charter to his European
tbe English Cabinet had not, either directly or through its kin-
bassador,
interposed in any manner in the drawing up of that im-
portant act. According to the reports in circulation, the same
Circular says that the Cabinet of St. James's sees in this act only
the natural exercise of the most legitimate right of sovereignty—
the application of the principles openly professed by the Holy Al.
liance, on the power which Kings alone have, to grant to the coun-
tries which they govern such institutions as they judge best adapted
to their wants. That England consequently would not think itself
authorized to oppose the measure of a Prince who is its ally, and
that its policy towards Portugal would be guided by these maxims."
GREECE.
[From the CoortitatiolowL
NAPOLI DI ROMANIA, JUNE 20.
We are at length overwhelmed by the weight of our misfor-
tunes. On the one hand, the infidels of Asia and Africa are not
tired of fighting with us, and on the other, the Christian Cabinets,:
always persisting in their giopo of extermination, try every sort of
method to aggravate oar intifortunea. 14-5 moment of (Impair,
before the taking of Missoluaghi, M. Stratford Canning offered his
interference in favour of the Greeks. The case is now altered.
He not only refuses his interference, but he explains in his an.'
ewer the intentions of all Europe. The following were his words...
" Neither 1, nor any other Ambassador, will transmit these pro-
positions. The things are impossible and contrary to the wishes
of the Christian Cabinets. One alternative only remains for you.
You must restore the fortresses which you occupy ; you must
acknowledge the Sultan as your master, and he alone shall
have the right to name your Codja-baschis ; you shall have no
troops, your marine shall be reduced, you must pa; an indemnity
for the expenses of the war, and for the damage which the Turks
have sustained. You will rebind the mosques, and the Turks shall
have a right to inhabit your territory."
Filmset' Penns--Pants, AUG. 7.—Five per Cents. Consols,
100 f. 56c.; Three per Cents., 601. 25c. ; Bank Stock, 2,0101.;
Rentes de Naples, 721. 75c. ; Rentes trEspagne, 9 10 104 ; Royal
Spanish Loan, Cilf.; Loan of Hayti, 670 f. Exchange on Lon-
, don, 25f. 65c.

We have received Dutch Papers to the Bth inst. The
following are extracts:—

BRUSSELS, Are. 4.
Some of our papers say that M. de Coninck, Minister of State,
has received, at his own solicitation, his Majesty's permission, ex-
pressed in the most honourable terms, to retire from all his official
duties.

DonnnEciiT, At e. 3.

Yesterday afternoon, at six o'clock, a house in the village of
Alm Kerk was struck by lightning, and was instantly in flames,
which spread with such rapidity that in three hours 21 houses,
with many barna and the church steeple, were reduced to ashes.
The loss is extremely great, u the hay, flax, &c. were already ga.
thereat into the barns.

According to the thermometer of Six, the heat was at Middle-
burgh, 30th July, Ca. ; 31st, 89.; Aug. 1, 112. ; and Aug. 2, 93.
FROM THE MAINE, AUG. 4.

Baron Von Hammerstein, Minister of Hanover in the German
Diet, has died soddenly In Badesheim: Report says that he de•
stroyed himself by a pistol shot.

- . .
betters from Corfu, et the 4th of July, say that the most of
Epirus and 3leeedonia. which had hitherto taken no part in the
insurrection, hale wow likewise declared *genet the Turks, from
Janina to Duna() on tilt sod 0. Ochrldo on the other;
all is to motiorjand the medlititna lire-41 lull of armed men:
they are enraged at having been obliged to work three years in the
trenches before Illisaolooghi. On the side of Albania—Konitza,
Caramouratadiz. and the Kartin of Premiti, have declared their in.
dependence. Albanians, Illahometans, and Christians, will not
recognize either Salts" Vizir, or Paellas. The Envoys of the
Porte who were there have been murdered or hung.

The Lisbon Gazette of the 29.4 i July contains a highly
important article, which most have reached this country
before, though not hitherto published. It affords an ad-
ditional proof of the watchfulness of his Majesty's Go-
vernment in all cases where the interests of its subjects are
concerned. It has provided for the payment of the
Portuguese Loan of 1523, out of the first payments from
Brazil.

The Sth of Geo. IV., which makes the traffic in slaves
a capital felony, has been brought into operation against
the late Captain of the merchant vessel Malta, of Liver-
pool, who was charged st Bow-street on Tuesday with
selling four women for slaves whilst in the river Danger,
on the African coast. To the honour of the British Go-
vernment, it has never lost an opportunity of remonstrating
with Foreign States against the continuance of slave-deal-
ing; and it has added example to remonstrance, by taking
measures to bring its own subject to punishment, should it

be eventually proved that he has been guilty of the crime
imputed to him. The Magistrates of all ranks have per-
tinaciously seconded the honourable course pursued by
Ministers for the destruction of this brutal traffic, regarding
which, thank God ! there is but one opinion among Eng-
lishmen of all classes. Another branch of the Slave sys-
tem—that of endeavouring to force the unfortunate obj:ct„
of avarice and cruelty on board their vessel when they had
once set foot on the British soil—was a few months since
brought under the especial notice of the public by the spi-
rited conduct of some private individuals, and afterwards,
by. thelyomptitude of the Lord Chief Justice Basr, who
4rained. aAtari,* itrifilletit individuala to bo
brought before him, when he emphatically declared that
slavery could not exist in England, and that every subject
of his M►Jesrv, whether white or black, was a free
agent, so long as he kept within the pale of the law,
and could not be coerced by any regulations that
exist with respect to slavery elsewhere. Sir RICHARD
BtRNIE, in the .instance before us, has acted with a very
becoming vigour; and his firmness in not taking bail when
so strongly urged to it by the professional advisers of the
accused, shows the determination of the Magistrates at Bow-
street to put the salutary Act of his present NlAir.sry in
strict operation ; which will at least convince Foreign
Powers that the British Government does not remonstrate

against the traffic in slaves, without being prepared to
proceed to the utmost extremity of punishment against its
own subjects who are found guilty of it.

The Times, in the plenitude of its rancour, poured forth
a few days since some vulgar abuse against Lord PAL-
EasToN, in connexion with the Cornwall and Devon
Mining Company. We did not at the time think it ne-
cessary to remark upon the acrimony of the article in
question, because we were convinced that the first oppor-
tunity that was afforded for explanation would show that
the Noble Lord did not participate in any arrangement
that would not bear the strictest scrutiny. The meeting
of this Association that was held yesterday produced only
an ex-parte statement; but it was composed of those indi-
viduals who would have been in direct hostility to his Lord-
ship, could there hare been the slightest reason for im-

puting malversation to him ; but so far from there being
any attempt of the kind made, it was distinctly declared
that the Noble Lord's conduct was in accordance with
the strictest honour. This statement, we dare say, will not
satisfy the Times; for Lord l'At.mEnsTou is an official
personage, a Secretary at War, and that, in the pure eyes
of the Times Journalist, is the greatest crime a man can
commit, next to the one of being a First Lord of the Trea-
sury, or a Foreign Secretary.
We shall offer some observations on the proceedings of
parties connected with this Company to-morrow, which
our apace will not allow us to do to-day.

We observe a long article, in the shape of a letter to
the Editor, in the Morning Post of yesterday, the object
of which seetni to be, by reproducing the imperfect notions
originally advanced by MALTHUS, to prove the necessity
of continuing the restrictive system in the Corn Trade.
It is necessary sometimes to force benefits upon a certain
:lass of persons. The unenlightened portion of the Coun-
try Gentry still feel a reluctance in giving up this fancied
bulwark of their interests, and every possible idea is laid
hold of to divert the attention of the public from the real
cause of our distresses. A Journalist finds that there is

some talk of a new palace, and, by an awkward and ill-
judged attempt to flatter Majesty, he has contrived to
promulgate an implied satire, by the unwarranted as-
snmption of a demi-official tone in advocating an increase
of taxation, in order to erect such buildings. his MA..
JESTY is not indebted to the advocates of obsolete iwejudieet
for the popularity which he now enjoys. The nation-has now
learned what it must be admitted it once had to learn—
that his MAJESTY is, by nature and habit, the friend and
the father of his people. However much we may respect the
motives of our contemporaries, we cannot help feeling in-
dignant that they should bieathe an idea which could
imply a suspicion that his MAJ ESTY is actuated by
such contracted notions. It does not give a true idea
of our most gracious Sovereign, to suppose that his MA-
JESTY would build palaces, in order to shift the burden of
poor-rates from the land-owner to the manufacturer; yet
this is the only conclusion which can be drawn from the ap-
pearance of such articles. No ornamental public work is
now talked of but a Royal Palace; a paragraph appeared
on the same day with the article is the Courier, mentioning
some particulars of the new palace. Every body must con-
clude that the thing is concerted. Some way even be so much
the dupes of pretension as to imagine that his MAJESTY
wishes such sentiments to be propagated. 'We pretend to no
peculiar means of ascertaining the feelings of his MAJ ESTI' ;
but we have too much confidence in the magnanimity of
his sentiments, to think it nec2ssary to inquire what may be
his views (xi this subject. They are those of a great
monarch, we are well rssured—of a monarch who considers
the happiness of his people as the most splendid of palaces,
awl the power of relieving distress as the most glorious of
prerogatives. Ills views are not so contracted as to lead
him, to employ masons and carpenters in order to re-
lieve cotton spinners—to spend money on marbles,
in order that more still may he spent to employ the
poor in cutting them—to increase the burdens of the
great body of the people, in order to relieve their dis-
tress—to heap up stones, in order to increase the quantity
of subsistent:. We are very far from discouraging public
works, even for ornament. In the case of Majesty, the
ornamental and the useful are the same, for the best inte-
rests of the State are connected with the dignity of the
executive ; but in this, as in every thing, we must not consi-
der what is useful and what is not useful, brit what it; more
useful and what is less useful. The erection of a palace
might produce a certain degree of relief; but to talk of
public works as a general method of employing the
poor, and to talk in a way which could give the most
distant idea that his MAJESTY had any feeling which
would render him open to this species of insinu-
ation, is at once an insult to his good sense, and an
impeachment of his paternal and patriotic sentiments.
Such expedients afford a pretty clear indication of the
diffusion of more liberal notions among the really influen-
tial part of the landed interest. They prove clearly, that
the enlightened, both in and out of the Cabinet, are per-
suaded of the benefit to be expected to the landowners
themselves from the adoption of a free trade in corn. They
show that none continue to adhere to antiquated prejudice,
but those who are incapable of devising any really efficient
methods of averting the change to a better system.

CITY, WEDNESDAY EVENING

~'
cif ;

Consols have suffered a still further depression to-day.
At the opening of the market they were 781 79 ; in the
middle of the day they subsided to 784 tl, and eventually
closed at .741. A variety of rumours were in circulation,
but which appeared wholly without foundation. It was
stated that, in consequence of differences between Spain and
Portugal, a Congress was immediately to be held at l'aris,
which was to be attended by Mr. CANNING, on the part of
England. One thing is certain, that the Bears have gained
their point, in lowering the price of Consols. There were
very considerable sales to-day at 78:1 ; and certainly, if there
is any truth in the report of an approaching Congress, it
will have the effect of reducing Consols at least 3 per cent
Exchequer Bills remain at 18 19 ; and India Bonds
are at 31.

In the Foreign Market there has been a further depres-
sion. In the early period of the day it was intimated that
the Laura had artived at Guernsey, from the Havannah,
anti that shit 10eught unfavourable news 'Nur colombia•
Upon inquiry, it did not appear that any such intelli-
gence had been received ; it had, however, the effect of
reducing the Colombian Bonds to 34. In Mexican there
was also a depression of 21 per cent., in consequence, as it
is stated, of Bills drawn by the Government of that coun-
try on England having been dishonoured ; but even this
circumstance was not confirmed : they closed at 52. These
securities seem to be so intimately connected, that it ap-
pears difficult to separate the interest which attaches to
them. The report of bad news from Spain had the effect
of raising- Spanish Bonds from 9i to 10.
In the Share Market there is a considerable reaction :
Tlalpuxaltua have retrograded to 11, and Brazil to Se
premium.
The news from the Manufacturing Districts is not of a
nature to create any increased anxiety. The progress of
demand is very slow, but still it is in progress. The
amount of wages to each individual is very trifling; but
that of course will, as things advance, correct itself. Em-
ployment is the first consideration ; a fair remunerating
-;ee will follow.

Despatches were received at the Foreign-office yester-
day, from the Right Hon. Sir William A'Court, our
Minister at Lisbon, to Mr. Secretary Canning.
MIDDLESEX Hostirat., AUG. B.—Monthly Return of
Patients, from the let to the 31st of July, 18Z :
In-Patients, admitted by Letters
Ditto ditto Accidents

Out• Patients, admitted b Letters
Ditto ditto Ayceideuts

In-Patients discharged
Remaining in the Marital

101
:34
-135
148
144
-292

497
. IKI
. 155

,
-
rs
111 • LEI"."'
E
-

PA R": 1(.
at ihr .
Ra raline
A hl. nte!t. ad a card party, on Tuesday tilting,
y mule rn
in Queen e2l.....______

IItWEIIENTS.
The Duch( ss of Rutland has left Belvoir Castle, for &v.
horongli.
I, r I Althorn !ins left his seat, Wiseton Yrodah.
IV. rhule's, Esq. Whitetiehl, !Northumberland, fa
Major E. Bridgentan arrived in town yestenlax, troin Park.
11•4Ity left town yesterday, for her scat, Itilararliegi am
The Dowager Countess of 31ansfield left her lent, at Rittrooad,
yesterday. for South Wales.
11. Seymour, Esq. left yesterday, his seat in Bedfordshire, far
South \Vides.
The Earl of Tlianet arrived yesterday, at Fenton's New Hotel,
St—lam s's-.u-rt. num his seat in Kent.
1%11..s F. 11. Kelly left town yesterday, for the Continent.
AIN arnt Lastly Eliz tbeth Drummond and the Ladies Manner,
have left town, for Cadliunls. Hants.

Lieu -General Viscount Ft zerissc and suite hare arrived at
Elhs's Hotel, St. James's-street. from Pavia.
Mr. E. M. Ward, his Majesty's secretary of Legatinn, it tits
Ct ut of Austria, left the Brunswick Hotel, ..ernijn.sireet, yeiter-
dayo o mind, for Vienna.
Gallatin L'sq., Minister. from America, ard suite. hive
arrived at the London Hotel, Albemarle-street, from America,
Itepartores Franci. and Lady Burton, for Tunbridge We i,.
lieu . Burton, to jo n his Regiment, the :I'.l Guards, at Wank".
t n ; Charles SiandO It, Esq. for Standish Hall, Lancashire; and
31 . owl Mrs. Hammond, ,o- Brum el

Arrivals at the St. George's Hotel, A lbemarle.atreet :—The
Hole u- thlu Colonel and 11 rs. S aoleton, from Hastings; Mrs, am
Miss Harbert, Roar their sent in *As.
Dem:tare:, from the B:ifish Bakal :—Captain and Mrs. Saunders,
for Bau!ogne; W. Stanley, Esq. for Cheltenham ; and J. Wigan,
o r a :Our.
Dep r nixes front the Burlington lintel, Ohl Burlington and
Cork-s.r :—l.nrd Viscount Strangflrd, for (Clifton; Mr. and
Mrs. Ilart ey, for Gloucestershire; Captain Mddniay, for Win.
chester; Caw,. &grove, for Dorchester; Capt. Knox, 00 a tour ;
sad Mrs. and 311.4 Barton, for Oxfordshire.
