liberty of Gmee, and hasten the ruin of that falling once more the troubled ireene of renewed ambition end his

I own personal aggrandisement. What can the abdicated
Oared, Arnic 23. 1.,...._ / to secure the independence of the country of
Accounts from Constantinople of 13th April, say that the I '""'l'''r "of
Russian subjects there, iiiittietliately on the notice of M. 31in-; Montezuma ? Mexico, by the latest acce.unts, was free
a •kr. that they were to apply in their cnnimerheiianit, aaffnadirsmetot !and tranquil ; a solitary fortress only remained in the ,
t i'imeillir Tiiiiiiioni, gm their papers attested by
seh no difficulty in the 'mew:titian of their affairs. But since i hands of the partisans of Old Spain ; and the new Fe- ,
.:s the Paclia, in consequence of the complaints made by
many I den' Constitution, on the mold of the United States of
1;,,,,:s el :Moldavia. ag-inst the 1 lospocbir, had cAnse these
I;ovari to be attest/A avd conveyed to different fortresses. This 1 North America, was received, and almost universally ap-
smrerity has caused much s.m•arion among the thi'l'atte htnlY" proved throughout Mexico. Iturbitle tamped the throne
feared being f. th.a it might offend the litassim (bogus Lord I.
Nrangforti's influence is redarttl to nothing, front well-I:wan in 1822, solely by military force; his partisans overawed
emas, aml in consequence of the renewed demand of the Turkish.'
the Congress. One of the first acts of this ambitious ad-
311neare, made in the most violent terms, of an explanatioa ol .
the canduct of the Eritish l;OVCRIOT of the lonian Islands, and the 1 venturer, as President of the Mexican Regency, in Sep-
„ming the , temixr Ite2l, was to issue a proclamatidr, . oconveking the
Elglishlreitietnigiethp"e. ,tletl to present his memorial
tvlglc'uitt.itieort et' MuldaVeia and Wallachia, but Saida Effendi all at ' National Cortes for the 2 lth of February following.
~err became worse. anti it wii.s obliged to he deferred. We fear.
1 This assembly was to be composed of 162 Deputies,
Weed. that if England does not alter its system, this sate of thing
may coutinne some time, and by the diminution of the influence ; elected by the districts into which the Mexican empire
of the Noble Lord the regociations of the other Eumpean Ministers : was divided. But the Congress and the Regency soon
may be r.ffieted, because the distrust of the Divan soh respect to
all tee Christian Power,. increases. But whether E,,gland's policy disagreed. The former was principally composed of ineli-
.stern•le takes up the (fleck cause. or nhethir it shies not rather ' viduals who wished to make Mexico a Republic ; but
:Mak of obtaining influence in order to bring back the (:reeks, in ,
an sinlereAe rummer, to their obedience to the rime, and thus do I turlide, when he placed himself at the head of the in-
the Sultan a greater St/Viet, is a second question, the solution of surrection against Spain, had no such views. The move-;
which must be left to time.
' went which led to the revolt against the mother country,
had originated with the military ; and in declaring Mexico
to be independent of Spain, they had still professed to pre-
serve time monarchical form of government, and had re-
served the sovereignty for a Prince of the Royal Family of
Spain, under the title of Emperor. Iturbide, however,
foresaw early that there was little probability of this',
arrangement being effected, and he had taken measures I
to secure the imperial power to hit»self, in case of its being
declined by the Spani:th Prince. With this view be sought
by every possible means to ingratiate himself with the peo- '
ple, and pat ticularly with the army. Several of the regi-
ments were particularly devoted to him, openly professed
their anxiety to see him in the possession of the crown, and
saluted 1 ' with cries of " Long live the King." In order
to check the influence of the army, some of the Deputies
proposed in Congress that measures should be taken for
raising and arming a national militia, consisting of 30,04)0,
men. Iturbide at once perceived the object of this propo-
sition ; lie went himself to the Hall of Session, where be'
accused the Deputies who had brought forward the motion
of conspiting against the public peace, and demanded that,
' they should be put under arrest. le Deputies retorted,
by charging him with projects incon t with the liberty;,
tn
'of the people, and a vieleut alterca followed, which'
'hewed the extreme opposition of views and feelings be-
tween
the two parties. This took place in April, 1828.
Soon after intelligence was received of the formal refusal
of the Spanish Cortes to ratify the treaty of Cordova, or
acknowledge the independence of Mexico. Iturbide now
found it necessary to prcelaim his views : a general review,
of the troops of the garrison took place on the 18th of
May ; on the evening of the same day the soldiers issued ,
from their barracks, and raised the cry of " Long live the ,
Emperor Iturbide;' in which they were joined by numbers
of the lowest orders of the populace. On the same night,
after issuing a proclamation, in which he called upon the
people to preserve their obedience to the constituted
authorities, and leave to the unbiassed decision of the ,
Congress the adoption of such measures as the public safety
might demand, Iturbide ordered the barriers of the city to'
be closed, and summoned the Congress to meet by day-
break on the follownig monming. Eighty-two mc mbers only
answered his summons. The usurper himself was present
at the Assembly, and the ball and the galleries were filled
by his partisans, who were loud in their vociferation' of
attachment to him, and menaced every kind of violence
against the Deputies who might oppose his pretentious.
It was under such circumstances as these that the Assem-
bly opened their deliberation, whether they should pro-
claim Iturbide instantly Emperor, or wait until they ascer-
tained the feelings of their constituents. Several of the De-
puties declared they hat been invested with no powers for
the election of an Emperor. The galleries replied to their
objections by imprecations against the hesitating Deputies,
of " Let him die, the traitor !" adding, that "before half
an hour I turbide should he crowned." The tumult at length
was terminated by the forced submission of the Congress,
and a majority of 67 to 15 voted a declaration, conferring
the sovereign power on Iturbide. The usurper then swore
to observe the constitution which the Congress should es-
tablish, and promised not to exact any tax, or duty, with-
out a Decree of that Congress ; above all he bound himself
to respect the political liberty of the nation, and of each in-
dividual
belonging to it, concluding by stating that if he
acted in a inauuer contrary to what he had sworn, obedience
would cease to be a duty, and his acts be of no effect.
Iturbide was thus tumultuously proposed, elected, and the
oath administer:it to him, in a single sitting. The assem-
bly then broke up. Ott the same day the Regency resigned
its functions into the hands of the new Sovereign, who'
immediately published a proclamation, justifying his
usurpation by a reference to the difficulties which were
oppressing the march of the public prosperity, and
which demanded the force of a strong and patriotic
Government to put au end to them. Immediately',
after his election, many of the Deputies, amongst whom
was all from the province of Yucatan, left the capital and
returned to their homes, declaring they had no power to
sanction the nomination of au Emperor. Such of the De-
puties as remained chewed their opposition, with few ex-
, captions, to the new authority ; and Iturbide having
attempted in vain to extinguish this opposition, by the
iniprisonment of several Members, at length suppressed
the Congress altogether, and substituted a Junta named
by himself. II ii subsequent short but tyrannical career, down
to his involuntary abdication, is well known and fresh in me-
mory. Ile was teemed by the Mexicans with peculiar lenity ;
a splendid provision of '23,000 dollars annually, since nips' ,
regularly remitted, was allotted to him, and be chose Italy
as the residence of himself and family. 'this man now
pretends that be has sailed for Mexico, to consolidate and
secure its tittle' cadence, which is already assured. We
have dwelt at souse length on the details or his usurpation,
to shew bow inionsisteat with his character any such pm-
, terms are. The fact is, Iturbitle has been restless in exile ; '
' he could not forget his former elevation, and was uneasy ,
urtil he placed himself in the theatre f his former am-
bition again. We sincerely trust his selfish and despotic
views may meet the disappointment they merit, and if the
Congress of Alexia acts with firmness, lturbide's unwar-
rantable attenipt must end in his own ruin.

d} nasty.

CONgTANTINOrI.r.

For these five days several divisions of Asiatics, all in the most
miserable condition, have arrived here, to be emptied in this
year's campaign against the Greeks. The most singuler reports
are in circulation respt.cting Lod tstrangford; so much is cert tin,
that he has been peremptorily called upon by the Porto to declare
himself explicitly with respect to the cimiluet of his I invernment.
Nohndy believes that he will leave the city, though the Greeks
spread reperts of it.
The fccicida! Seciator announces. in the 119th number, the ter.
minion of his paper. His mot:ves arc not clearly expressed, but
they may be guessed at. Whatever may he said in Europe, cot-
'Mining the existing circumstances, aril the place when he wrote,
he has more frequently ventured to speak the truth than people
SCC3I to iae ;14.0.2% May le.

A full and detailed report will be found in our columns, !,
of the numerous and highly respectable meeting yesterday
at Lloyd's, assembled in consequence of the meditated es-
tablishment of a new Mutual Marine Insurance Company,
and Mr. Powell Buxton's motion for a Committee on the
Act of the 6th George 1., which restricted all underwriting
to companies, except those two existing by charter. The
Chainnan, Mr. Shaw, stated, that as soon as the object of '
Mr. Buxton was plainly discernible, the Cominittee at !
Lloyd's lost no time in attending, as far as they could, to !
the general interests of the subscribers, and resolved to sum-
mon the geraii al body, to determine on what me:lmre' i
eight scent most desirable. They had also, Mr. Shaw
added, thought it right to request an interview with the
President of the Board of Trade, which was granted, and
two of the ('ommittee waited on Mr. 'helium. During
the discussion the Right lion. Gentleman stated the deter-
mination of Government, that nine joint-stock assurance
companies should be incorporated, and that the Lord
Chancellor had declared that no Bill should pass the House
of Lords, which would not give the assured a right of action
against every individual composing any such joint-stock com-
pany. The ('hairman then stated, that he had high legal
authority for asserting, that, once attached to any such
company, individuals would find it difficult to withdraw
thetnselves from it. The different names of the proprietors
would be frequently published ; they would not therefore
rank as (torment partners, and could not secede without
publishing in the Gin: .11e the signature of every individual
cementing to the withdrawing his name. The country,
Mr. Shaw went on to say, was greatly indebted to Lloyd's;
they facilitated commerce, and had agents at almost every
port in the world, and the business of underwriting was
never so concentrated as at this moment. Lloyd's were
every day extending their useful influence, and it re-
mained to be seen, whether the number of under-
writers were only to be reduced, or the house broken
down altogether. Out of three assurance companies at
Paris, Mr. Shaw stated two had been broken up, in
consequence of their losses, runts number of persons sent to
this country to be assured by private undress-Titers. Could
it be suppos. d (Mr. Shaw asked), that where the two for-
mer
chartered Companies had failed, any new Corn-
luny could offer superior advantages? The respectable
Chairman concluded his able address by an eloquent and
well-merited eulogium on the late Mr. Marryatt ; and stat-
ed, that after making the representation from their Com-
mittee to Mr. Iluskisson, the Right Honourable Gentle-
man wished a memorial to be presented, of which the re-
sult was not yet known. Mr. Dewar followed, and said,
that by the adoption of the new plan, the brokers would be
thrown on their backs, and every merchant be obliged to do
his own business. In Joint Stock Companies, every one
holding a share was liable to the last farthing of his pro-
perty. Each of the subscribers at Lloyd's underwrote at
least to the average of 1,500%, so that they had a gross
capital always ready to pay offabout 1,500,0001. Between
subscribers and clerks, Mr. Dewar stated, there were not
leas than four thousand persons dependent for their support
on the continuance of effinting insurances at that house.
Of the new Company he believed there were not less than
100,000 shares now in the market. Nu one refused to take
his risk at Lloyd's, and when called upon to pay, they
were ready with any amount. In the course of last year,
premiums were done so low as tcu shillings to St. Peters-
burgh. In 1792, which was one of' the cheapest years
in every point of view, watches were insured at two
guineas and a half per cent. • now the insurance was done
at thirty shillings, and no difficulty made to any amount.
The solvency of Lloyd's, Dewar added, was only',
questioned in 161 u, when, no doubt, 4,00r0 writs were
issued against its members. But that would not have been
the case had the assured agreed to accept a compromise.
If the charters of the two old Companies were in any way
abrogated, it would preduce a monopoly ; and the Govern-
ment doing so should make a provision for those who would
be ruined by it. This argemeitt, however, of Mr.
Dewar's cannot stand. The underwriters at Lloyd's are a
very respectable and uslul body, but they have no more
right to • monopoly of marine insurance than any Com-
pany for life and lire insurance, such as the Sun or Royal
Exchange, establish( d so lung, had an exclusive right to
the monopoly of those peculiar branches. We have heard
repeated sod heavy complaints made of the vexatious de-
lays given by underwriters at Lloyd's to the payment of
insurances, which could not be justly questioned. If the
party entithal to re cover was in the habit of insuring, and
constantly paying large premiums, any loss was paid at
once; but if the policy was single it was almost always
questioned, and the i n lerwritcrs made common cause
against the party. We see no prawnd for tbe alarm be-1
trayed by the inoncrous subscribers at Lloyd's. Fair
competition is the .col of trade. If the property of every
individual entharLiag in the Joint Stock Companies is to
be autject to all losses, and die underwriters at Lloyd's arc
individually liable the saire nay, both will be on an
equality in point of risk, aial the majority of insurances
will be effected where the pet IlliUM/1 arc lowest, and the
leases most readily made good. Neither the subscribers
at Lloyd's nor any other holly can hope to preserve a mono-
poly, attended with any profit, at such a period as the
present ; and Government, wr think, are only acting im-
partially in sanctioning the incorperation, on fair and equi-
table principles, of the new Company.

The Duke of York left town on Sunday, for New-
market.

Yesterday the Duchess of Clarence visited the Duchess
of Kent, at her apartments at the King's Palace, Ken-
sington.
On Monday evening Prince Leopold, accompanied by
the Prince of Leiningen, honoured Covent-garden Theatre
with his prffence.
Yestert ay the Du'..e of Wellington and the Right lion.
Arbuthnot had audiences of his Majesty.
An Austi tan Courier left the residence of Prince Ester-
hazy yesterday evening, with despatches for Vienna.
We are happy to announce that no apprehension is en-
tertained of its being necessary again to postpone the
Drawing-Room on account of his Majesty's health.
This splendid ceremony will certainly take place on Thurs-
day next.
f lie rtmains of the Duchess of Devonshire are expected
in town this day from the Continent.
It is said among the Auld lon that a treaty of marriage
is on the lapis between Captain Charles I. ox and Miss
Fi tzelarence.
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _

Augustin Iturbide, who for some months had sought a
domicile in England, evidently with a view of communi-
cating more freely with his partisans in Mexico, has sud-
denly sailed for the New World again, in violation of the
solemn compact by which he abdicated the power he had
usurped, rid by which he was staffed to quit the shores
of Mexico, with a splendid provision fir himself and
family. The o'tject of this reaches adventurer, however
he may seek to disguise it, is to take advantage of any di-
visions that may exist between the Congress and a few
military chiefs, and by the aid of the latter, make Mexico

We sincerely hope there is no foundation for the reported
state of the Fleet l'rison. The public, at all events, should
he satisfied, and that too from the best medical authority,
that it is in as proper a condition as humanity and attention
would have it he. We shall not now be more specific in
our allusion, having every expectation that our fears are,
if not unfotteded, at least exaggetated.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRANKFORT PAPERS.

Frankfort Journals to the P2th inst. arrived yesterday.
FRAIOEONT, MAY 11.

We have news from Alexandria, by tW,s.nl;.ll. of Frtnre, which
agrees pretty accurately with the accounts publiblietl in the Aus-
tria* Observer and other paper*, of the proppbal* made by the
l'orte to the I,icercum of Egypt, and his acceptance of them ; brat
doubts
are ex both uith rebytet to hi. intention of sending
his son Ibrahim to take the chief command wino the hireePr,
land with regard to the number of the troops that he will bend a it
is imagined that he will not send above seven or eight thousurd
men as his contingent.
SYNA, Marten IS.

Discord Mill prevails among the Greeks. Pietro Bey, Skirl
Karalamb:, Aletaxa, and Colocotmnl, members or the executive
power, were outlawed by &decree in thirteen articks, and withdrr'm
to Tripolima, where *ODIC disorder emitted : part or the people de-
elared for the present Government, but l'olocntroni employed the
soldiers, who were devoted to him ; they fired on the people, of
whom six were killed, and the remainder wurc diNperxed by the use
of the bayonet. The outlawed members thought tit to make pro-
ponds, through Demetrius Ypsilanti, to the new Executive Roily,
requiring that their adherents should be pardoned ; that a national
assembly should be called; and that Pietro Bey, Sotiri Koralonilm,
and Zahn, should be made member of the Executive. 'niche pro-
posals were rejected with contempt.
Young Colorotroni, in consequence of an undemanding with hix
father, has indeed refused to gave op Nopoli di Rumania, where lie
commands, but the garrison of Fort Poloniida, which commands
the town, ems declared for the new tioveromesit:

Varvaiti has sent .10,000 talaris to Colonists, through the Arch'_
mantlrite, which he is to deliver to the Government there, if it
should prove to be stable.
lemmas, of Hydra, is to go to the lonian f.lands to negotiate
with the partisans of the firerLs, who are numerous there, for a
loan of 100,000 talaris.

It seems to be determined that Mr. Lush:ngton pro-
weds to the Governorship of Bombay ; he will be suc-
ceeded
by Mr. Ilerrics.
It is, we understand, in the contemplation of same of the
leading mercantile men in the City to send a deputation to
Mr. Canning, for the purpose of obtaining some eclair-
cissement as to the affairs of South America ; the resent
rispect of things being such that they crinlot with safety
enter into extensive speculations with that part of the world.
It is even supposed that this measure will be adopted with
the perfect concurrence of Ministers, who are at length
willing to express themselves openly on the subject. We
happen to know that the representative of one of the States
of South America has been lately in frequent intercourse
with a distinguished Member of the Cabinet, and that he
has expressed himself in the most sanguine manner as t )
course which it is expected the British Government will
adopt on this important subject.—Evening
A letter from Faris, dat:ti Saturday, states that on the
preceding Tuesday a telegraphic despatch was received at
Brest, by the Intendant of Marine of that port ; imme-
diately after which a fast sailing vessel was forwarded upon
some secret mission ; and it was also remarked that ex-
traordinary bustle was displayed in every &pat unent of the
Marine.

The Eagle, Captain Stirbuck. arrived at Portsmouth on
Monday morning from Rio, which place she left on the
7th of March. The letters by her state that four French
frigates, three corvettes, and one brig, still lemainitl at Rio.
It is further stated that the Eagle brings despatches for our
Government.

No further intelligence which can bo relied upon has
been received from Lisbon respecting the events which
have recently occurred there. Private letters from Paris
give different versions of the matters, and it is difficult to
make out how much of truth there is in them. One point
alone is certain, we believe, that the party of the Queen,
and of the Infant Don Miguel, were engaged in a plot of
some kind or other, and that it was discovered before it
could be completely carried into effect.
HATA N N Ali.—We have been favoured, by a commercial
house in town, with the perusal of letters from Havannah.
to the gel of April. Their contents, as to political news,
are uninteresting ; but they bring us some intelligence of
considerable importance to the commercial world inter-
ested in colonial produce. Owing to an unfavourable sea-
son, abe crop of sugar for the present year, it was correctly
ascertained, would fall short in the shipment from the two
ports of Havannah and Matanzas, fully eighty thousand
boxes (seventeen thousand tons), about one-fourth of the
usual crop. Besides this, the shipments to Spain were con-
siderably on the increase, now exceeding eighty thousand
boxes or chests; and from these two circumstances, the
sultPl7 of nom from Cuba so thecousiueutai marisats to
the north of Earo)e must this year he very much reduced.
This will no doubt be felt in an increased demand upou
this country for sugar, the growth of our IVest India Co-
lonies and East India possessions, in order to supply the
great deficiency of Cuba sugar in the European market.
--•(;ICIS.TOW Cue rier.
_ _ _

The South Sea whaler l'Aigle, whose reported arrival
some time since caused an intense sensation in the city, has
at length reached this country, but without brinc,ing the
slightest intelligence from Rio Janeiro. 'Flie letters from
that place by this arrival are dated the 6th of January ; at
that time every thing was perfectly tranquil, and Lord
Cochrane, who was understood to have been on had terms
with the Government, was again in favour. The want of
money was, however, sensibly felt, and many of the pub:ic
functionaries were in arrears of pay. It is therefore probably
that the failure of the Commissioners appointed to negociate
the Loan in this country will excite serious discontent.
The Emperor held a Levee on Shrove Tuesday, at which
two or three of the French Officers belonging to the vessels
of their country at Rio were present, and for some time in
dose conversation with the Emperor. One letter from
Rio, dated March 5, says--" you will hear ot' the blockade
of Pernambuco, to enforce obedience to the orders of the
Emperor. The country is a state of insurrection as far as
.111agoas."

ALut F. It s.—AVe have been favoured with an extract of a
letter, written on board the Naiad, which has lately re-
turntsl to Malta from the blockade of Algiers. We believe
it communicates the most recent intelligence which can be
relied ou from that quarter :
Ills Majesty)) ship Naiad, Malta, April 9, 11131.
Since I last wrote you tid.Aleriera. we have been cruising ed. that
port and wine of the mai joining ones, for the purisise of blockade
and annoyance, and have succeeded in capturing two out of the
only three merchant vessels In the employ of the lley ; one of them
we took, standing in for Algiers, laden with cables, silk, and salt ;
and the other we cut out of Ilona, tilled with cum. Since our ar-
rival here for the purpose of ',fitting, we have understood that the
difference* have been settled with the Dey, by his agreeing to sign
all the conditions we proposed, and also the renewal it the treaty
for the abolition of Christian sla.:cry. Of course our prizes must be
restored. It is stated, however, that the My wishes now to vent
his rage on Mr. 3l•lletinel, our Consul, whom herefuses to re-
ceive at his Court ; and it is not yet known here whether he will
accede to this. Mr. Wponnel has always stood very high in the
opinion of our Government. from hi. spirited behaviour with these
savages. It is the general, and obviously well-founded, opinion of
every one here, that our attack, and consequent eoralitions about
slavery in 11116, and our present proceedings. have done a material
injury to our Mediterranean trade ; for prior to that period ours
was the only flag that was respected by Moe corsairs, and we had
la consequence all the COIIMPITC of the.e secs in our hands ; now
that we have interested ourselves, nod obtained at an immense ex-
pense conditions for the benefit of other nations, we are underera-
ried by all the petty States of the Mediterraneigh—f: edema k Ad-
st..t tiarr, May 11.
The following is an extract of a private letter from Con-
stantinople, dated the 9th of April :
•"l'ite Russians have open.al their Cancelleria here, but its oh_
ject has reference only, I believe, to the navigation. Ido not hear
what they are doing with the Forte. Part of the Turkish fleet has
sailed, and in a day or two the Capitan Parka leaves in is seventy.
four. I am credibly informed that the tleo is only goi7:g to the I
islands of the Archipelago ; that the .Mor.a and hint ,:re given up
' to lllehenied Ali Pitch*, to put down in the hest way he ran. The
Paella's son, Ibrahim Parlia, leaves Egypt with a rtular force
this spring.
They have hopes to threat with -the i.ret'es, allowing them to go.
vertu themselves, on paying an animal tribute. y expect the
Greeks will have conti,lence enough to treat with the Facha
Egypt ; with the Pere they di) ry:: seem inch cod to treat at: all,
and they are in the right. A few thousand.( it is,arits are cow nit
board transports, rosily to sail ; their embarkation has be.-n si ry '
peaceable, and I trust there is no harm in hoping that they oily
'liver return."

The King and Queen of the Sandwich Islands. actmtn-
pulled by several Chiefs, arrivA at Portsmouth on Mon-
day in the ship L'Aigle, from the South Seas. A visit to
King George the Fourth is stated to be the object of thcir
Majesties in coining to Englaud.
