GIIESS TO TILE GENERAL COMMANDANT or TIIE STATE

Of TAMAULIPAS, DATI:D PADILLA, JeLY IS.
" Ecc CLLEXT Si L—On the information of the General Odic
unwire of the State that Don AGVIITIX !TURBID!! arrived atSoto-
-31 mica, ic an English ship, this Congress hay decreed that the de.
ereeof the Sovereign Congress fieneral of the 2.lth April last, shall
he carried into exerviiim ;in which decree it is declared that I T n-
et tic Is out of the 'Jule of the law, under whatever title he presents,
himself on the territory of the federation. This resolution is tom-
utunicated to your Excellency, that you may cause it to be exe-1
cutcd,charging you, upon your strivest responsibility, to see
IToa-
ntn decapitated, allowing the proper time to prepare himself
for his death like a Christian.

•• The Congress likewise orders you, that without losing s
moment, you call forth all the civil militia of the State, and corn-
mord it to be ready for further orders. You will communicate
these orders to the Supreme lovernment."

The,mxt is a de patch from Gen. LA GARZA to the
Minister of War, announcing the capture and execution of
ITvesue:—
" TO TIIE MINISTER OF WAR.

Most Excellent Sir,--I wrote to you from La Marina, under
date of the 17th, in wtat cireumstsr.ces I arrested 1)on Auus-
TIN Pry 'slut, and that it appearing to me necessary to ob-
serve the law of the 28. h of Apia, I proceeded to present hiiu
to the [lon. Congress of the State. At eight o'clock this morning
I arrived at the city ; at three in the afternoon was delivered to
me the declaration ennfomuthly to the said law of the 28th of
April; and at six on the same evening it was necessary to execute
it, as appears by the certificates which I enclose, without speeches
of declarations, lest public sympathy should interfere if it was de.
layed. I beseech your Exceller.cy to make known this intelligence
to the Goverbment, and express to the country the sacrifice of my
regret. (Signed) " It Lurk DE LA GARZA.
" Padilla. July 12."

fhcn cotncs the catificates of identity from the junto of
the city in which Irt.ROIDL sulfercd, and from the Priest,
by when' he was interred :
" In the city of San Antonio de Padilla, on the 19th July, 1921,
the illustrious junto of the said city being met, we declare on the
force of truth, that we certify as far as can be done, that we hate
seen 1)ox AGUSTIN 01 ITU BRIDE as a prisoner enter OUT city,
on this day's date conducted by (;itizen General Ftit.t.let DE 1A
i)ANZA, and that he, in conformity with the decree of 211th April,
of this year, transmitted by the Constituent Congress, was shot on
thesasue day, at six In die evening. We declare this to be certain,
and that we hare seen his dead body ; and that it may he proved,
we have, on the request of the Citizen timers!, given our present
eertili.:ate, with which we pledge our faith, and which we s'An with
the above date.

" JuRZ RICARDO ACEDEDO,
"Jost ANTONIO l'A7, First Regidoe,
IJNACIO SZNA, Second Rtgidur,
"Jose LUIS DZ t.• FUER 7E, I'INXISTOf Sibdie."
" I, eitisen, priced, icier. MIGUEL DE LA Gaaz♦ GARCIA,
Member of the Honourable Congress of the State of Tamaulipas,
and curate of the city of Padilla, certify that a dead body, which
is deposited in a house near the parish church of this city, for the
purpose of interment toonornor, is the same ns the body of the
person of 1)0/4 AUVSTIN DI: I TuantDE, whose entrance I ob-
served this morning, and whom I saw shot in the evening. That
there may be no doubt upon this subject, I give the present eerie-
Haste at the request of the General who cutuniands the army of
this State. (signed)
" JOSR JIMA: LL I)E LA Li.IRZ.I, GAR('IA-
" July It/th."

We sometime ago called the attention of our readers to
the subscription raising for the Italian refuixes. These
unfortunate sxiles have at present no dependence but on
tae bounty of the public. In the appeal we published
their number was stated to be tit, but we have since been
informed that they exceed 130. Thar condition is that of
extrenie distress, aggravated by all the miseries of destitu-
tion a foreign land. We have heard with regret that
the subscription dtxs not prosper. We hope this reproach
on the Is nevolence of our country will be immediately re-1
moved. What situation can be imagined snore dreadful'
than that of these unhappy men Pres ions to their ex-
palliation, many of them held posts of mut: and bonoar.
They are now reduced to the moat scanty supply of daily
fund, and should this subscription fail, they have for the
most part no prospect but that of perishing through want
on those hospitable shores, where hitherto the stranger has
never been deserted. Political feeling in such a case is
wholly out of the question. Theirs is a direct claim upon
'how amituon principhs of humanity which bind together''
the fabric of society.

We have received several communications on the sub-11
ject of obscene publications. Thu public s,-nse of the evil
is strong. It would require but a little exertion to sup
press it. Every prosecution would be attended with sue-
ems. Whatever difitrenees of opinion may have prevailed
respecting the liberty of the press as to pulitieal or -eligiuus
questions, there has never existed a doubt with regard to
publications of the character to which we allude. We,
hope and trust, therefore, that this shocking and growing
evil will be timely eradicated, for which purpose the most,
vigorous and decisive steps shou7d be immediately taken.
The contagion ought not to be suffered to go on spreading
vice and misery another hour umnoltmed. The first move-
ment of the friend, of public morality would, we arc satin.
tied, half destroy it. Why arc they then thus supine ? Why
are the innocent youth of both sexes allowed a moment
longer to imbibe the poison ? Why, by the most criminal
connivance. are the depraved wretches, who thrive by this,
traffic, sneered wills shameless effrontery to carry on their
guilty trade at noon-day ? While the readiest attention is.
paid to offences of other descriptions, those against morals,
are passed over, as if unworthy of notice. We have no

doubt, however, that of the unhappy and abandoned out-
casts from society who throng our streets, a large propor-
tion were drawn to their ruin by means of these indecent
publications. The heart is generally corrupted before the
seducer triumphs over the victim of his licentious passions;
and no mode of undermining the moral principles of youth
is so fatally successful as the supply of works tending to
inflame and vitiate the imagination. In the same manner,
boys arc led gradually, but not slowly, into the lowest
depths of vice. No language can express the indignation
and horror with which we contemplate the progress of
this nauseous and revolting evil. We know of none that
deserves more serious consideration. How is it that the
police have overlooked the growth of this infamous trade ?
It falls peculiarly within their province, and without any
suggestion or information, they should have proceeded at
once against the venders of these pamphlets. The fact is
singular enough, that the shops melt conspicuous for their
outrages on public decency are in the immediate vicinity
of the chief police establishment of the metropolis. We
ask again, where is the Society for the Suppression of Vice?

Yesterday aftentoon, at half-past four o'clock, a gentle-
man arrived at the Foreign Office, Downing-street, in a
post-chaise and four, with an official account of ::►e death
of the King of France. The route be came by was by
Boutogne.
Despatches were yesterday received at the Foreign Of-
lee, fruit' Trinidad, of the uth of August, and from the
..nhainas of the 12th, but they contain no intelligence of
importance. All was tranquil at both phms at those
dates.

Intelligence has been received that Bolivar is in possess: in
of Lima, and thus the independence of Alexico and I'.ru
may be considered complite.—Star.
A vessel is about to sail with anelier remittance in re-
spect of the Brazilian loan. We are law:ma that an
eminent capitalist, to whom the vessel belonAs, has himself
underwritten to the extent of 2.1,000 i. at Lis. per cent.
premium. _ 1
-

On Monday Lis Roval Highness the Duke of Clone(
ter passed through Wareham, on his way to Lulworth
Castle, when the Rev. George Hooton Hyde, the present
Mayor, and Thomas Bartlett, Esq., Recorder, waited on
his Royal Highness 40 pay their respects. Ilia Royal
Iliglimas appeared much gratified by the attention
shcwn him.

IVe are sorry to hear that the Duke of IVellincton still
continues in a state far from convaksernt. His Grace
is still subject LI periodical spasins in the load and ears
Letters have lately been received froin Lot d Strangford,
stating the probability of his'Lordship's boing in London
before Christmas.
It is stated that Lord Melville is about to honour Christ-
church with a visit for a few weeks.

The Marquis of !lent-ors! is fjf, to meet his visitants at
his hunting-lodge, in Suffolk.
Lord Eardicy, who has been for some time much indis-
posed, at his seat, Belvidtse, is getting better.
The remains of the late Countess Fitzwilliam, Dowager
Baroness Porisonby, having been removisl from Wentworth,
House on Thursday the 9th instant, rested at the George
Inn, B:atuforel, on Friday night; and next morning the
funeral cavalcade proceeded to Marimba', near Pen rho-
' rough, where the body was deposited in the family vault
of the noble family to which the Countess had been fur so
short a time allied. Her Ladyships marriage with Earl
Fitzwilliam took place in Ireland on the 21st July, 183.
She svas burn in Oeolwr, 1749.

On Tuesday next (being St. Matthew's Day) according
to anima.' custom, the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs,
and Governors of the several Royal Hospitals, will attend
divine eel vice at Christ's Church. After a sermon by the
Rev. I'. Ward, A.B. they will repair to the Great Hall in
Christ's Hoglund, where two orations will be delivered ;
in Latin, by V. Browne ; English, by A Willis, the two
senior scholars of the Grammar School.

Ou Sunday evening a man named Chick, of Axminster,
who hail been sparrelling with his wife, in a tlt of passion
stabbed himself with a knife on the right side of the ab-
domen. Surgical aid was sent fur immediately, and tie is
likely to do well.
The CHI! Itell.-1 t is understood that the Right Rev.
Robert Surma, D.D., Bishop of Nova Scotia, will, in the
event of It's not being able, through indisposition, to re.
turn from
England,E to resume his clerical functions, be
suecceiluil ev. Dr. Inglis.
As a proof of the rapidly extending communication be-
tween Ireland and Great Britain, we observe that two,
steam-vest. Is arc announced to maintain a communication
twice a week between Derry antl Glasgow.
The ounitry proprietors seem to have fairly caught the
rpirit of improveinicit, which is carrying on to such an
immense extent in Glasgow. New villages are starting up
in every direction, in consequence of the opening up of
coal mines and quarries. (In the estate of Ilillhead, pa-
rish of Govan, nut less than seven new freestone qualms,
understood to be of the brit quality, have been recently
opened up, which give employment to about 230 men.
About sou carts of atones a day, on an average, are pro-
duced from them. An engine bas been erected for drawing
off the water from the said quarries, and in the last Men
working dal s, it has reduced a reservoir, or coal waste, of
ISO acres, sleet perpendicular. The engine is upheld to
go 3.; strokes a minute, and is allowed, with stoppages, to
lift a ton of water a minute. The ground in that direction
is everywhere fening off. A handsome new bridge of four
arck.s haa been erected on the Kelvin within the last
six weeks, to facilitate the communication with Glasgow.
At the end of the bridge an inn is building. A most eon-
v.osiint and straight line of communication might, with
great advantage, be opeueil up in that direction between
the Townhend and the Dumbarton road, two miles below
Part ick.—(aoe,Tini Chronicle.
LIVERPOOL, Sr PT. 13.—The only thing of particular
intrust here Is, that almost all the steam-vessels are laid
up in ordinary, in consequence of a heavy gale which was
at sea on Monday lut. There was an alarming report this
morning that twelve or thirteen Irish labourers were washed
overboard the St. George gem-packet, on her way to
Dublin. On snaking inquiries, however, at the office of
the packet, the kris was only of a single individual, and
that occurred under accidental circumstanc.s, front which
blame is imputable in no quarter. A steam-packet (the
Superb), it is lard, left Dublin before the St. George, and
has not yet arrived at Liverponl. The latter arrived this'
morning, much damaged by the late gale,
Doctor Edward Fenwiek, Catholic Bishop of Cincinati,'
its the United States of North America, has arrived in
town, from Paris. It will prove gratifying to the feelings
of those unacipiaintssl with the fact, to be informed that
by a fundamental law of the State of Ohio, in which Cis-
einati• is situated, slavery is nut tolerated. This Prelate's
diocese is perhaps the largest In the world, as it com-
prisi a a country considerably snore extensive than the
kingdom of Great Britian. Ile has been eminently mic-
e:v.old in diffusing ieligious• knowleege amongst the wild
Indians, who inhabit the skirts of his diocese, and has
directed his endeavours to iailuec them to abandon their
Renew. woe. and adopt the manners and customs of civi-
lis..d life. We trust that in this populous and opulent
city he will find the means that will enable him to cou-
plet: a work that must interest Christians of every deno-
mination.

Rerkr3tXrATlON or DrOLlN.—eabbett, Ina letter
to the Rev. Sir 11. Lzes, observes—" You say, in the above
Liter, that you promised me, if I would turn Orangeman,
to have me retuned fur the city of Dublin at the neat
genernt election ; not a bad hint for the Catholics, if they
know their own interest, and have sense and spirit enough
to act accordingly. I would ask this as a favour front no
body of persons. I would receive it with great satisfac-
tion, and with due seknowled:zement for the confidence
reposed in my integrity and talents ; but no man or body
of men shall ever be roamed or wheedled by me. Yet. I
cannot but think, of the difEerint air which the Catholic
cause would assume, if it hail me for an advocate in that
place where alone that came cal) be diligently espoused.
In all human probability no such event will take place
the Catholics will in all likelihood ' fight shy' of the only
Protestant, who is at once able and roost sincerely and
most anxiously desirous of stein„ them restored to their
long lost rights; be assured Sir. and be they assured too,
that mYsilyness on their part, however much I may for
their sakes lament it, will aver make the smallest aitcra-
tiou in my conduct towards them."
