;w;-'

DREADFUL OUTRAGE.

On Wednesday evening a party of bricklayer's labourers
repaired fro. Csasel-buildings, Portenan-egoare,• to
Fift-
roy Market, armed with sticks, sad joisiesi soollanr party,- 1
who were at a poblec•house. After having &oak mesa
liquor a closer/I arose, which ended in a desperate conflict•
between the parties, when a number of thorn were severely
bastes, and carried away insrusi*.
fbe istasast confluirre press Mgt until the arrival of As
offieers, shove interfr ram quo I I mil nits dot, and sonut of the
offenders were takes is iNolsofr gpalanlberough-street Polies
Office,
of
,they etadsavorat • • . Seven or
eight of ibeinteniderl ism were gperired to kliddleses Hos-
pitsl for assialsone. Oar is.. builds iris broke., sod his
bead severely butt, sod lies ins rkspgeroos site at the
Hospital.—Tha parties exussiaterterare rentsuderl.

BATH AND WEST OP ENGLAND AGRICUL-
TURAL SOCIETY.

The 'Rath and West of England Agricultural Society held
their I meeting on Tuesday, which was most respect-
ably and numerously attended. The stock exhiliiteil for
the several premiums was excellent, and drew forth the
highest encomiums from the judges and all present.
Amongst the successfill competitors we notice Mr.Jinses
Price., of Little Malvern, is, whom was adjudged 13t as the
breeder and feeder of the hest fat cow ; Mr. Price algae re.
eetved 101 as the breeder of the three best heifers for breed-
ing. Previous to the adjournment of she company to view
the stock, the Bedfordiou gold medal was, on the motion of
the Duke of Somerset, seconded by Admiral Sir I. Coffin,
smanimusely voted to Captain Parry, the enterprising Com-
mander of the Arctic expedition.—The followiug motion
was also submitted to the meeting by Mr. Bucklaud, "That
• humble petition he presented to both Houses of Pal ha.
meta, praying that they would he pleased to appoint a Com-
mittee to institute a full and solemn inquiry loom the causes
which have produced and are still producing the depressed
state Into which the agriculture, manufactures, and com-
merce of this kingdom haveibteit reduced." The motion
was seconded by Richard Sourer, Esq. iu at eloqttent
speech. It was opposed with much animation and force by
the Rev. Mr. Lilly, Hastings Elwin, Esq. Sir J. C. Hippisley,
Bart. and D. B. Payne, Esq. on the grimed. of its being
completely out of 41te province of the Society to interfere.
Mr. I.illy moved, as an amendment, that the motion be now
put ; which was seconded by R. Elortu. Eop and caroled by
a very large rosjority. A letter from Dr. Wilkinson, on the
use of the Pyroligne tins Arid for prettesving meat, game,
was directed to be read after the dinner t the aauual meet-
ing, and a loon preserved with the Pliuligncous Acid by
the Doctor was dressed fur the experience of the compatiy.

LETTER
OF THE LATE SIR HERBERT CROFT,
THE BIOGRAPFIRR or D. YOUNG. IN " JOHNSON't

LIVIS OF THR TORTS."

(Courlodtd from oar Pieper of yetlerdop.)

You recollect the young Bogtisk officer who came
with the from Germany, and who pleased you and
every one so much by hi. good sense, and by his
want of affectation, not wily as a soldier. but in all
respects; I mentioned his cruel situation to Lord
Camelford, that wittily day that you left us walking
upon the pier-head together, and told us we should
be blown off to ileliguland. His Lordship desired
11/C to draw up all the facts fur him to consider; elld
begged I would bring my young blend to Isim, when
we g“t to England, adding, " we will see how we
can force misfortune to raise the siege of this Senn
Jean d'Acre, which your friend &fends so
lantly." I wanted no tertition of such requests ;
■ttd, on the 311 of January, Ilia Lordship. a► his
house in Oxford-street, told my friend " that lie
did not see how he could begin the year 1800
better, or more pleasantly, thou by paying the
debts of one who was so worthy a NMI and e
brother ; and by enabling him to purchase a supe-
rior C011111119S1011." The officer. who has since con-
siderably dis►inguished himself, may perhaps not be
unwilling that his name should be known ; but,
without hie permission. I must not not suesition it.
Si:IY Ladies spin out silly books, by inventiug
improbable tales of tins sort : let us not he back-
ward in recording such a fart, when we witness it
with our own eyew. The Emperor Napoleon huts-
self all grant you permission to let this letter
pas, oil account of this eras:dote ; for I know more
than o. e such of him, since he because First
Consul.

ARCHDEACON BATHURST.

A boot for tnight ago a very personal and abu•
sive paragraph agai►ot Arciwh•aeon Satliurst ap-
peared in the Courier, accusing hint of acting ilk
opposition to Ministers, hots resentment at being
refused an Irish Dealiery, for which he slas.allei,red
to have sonde earnest application. We have autho-
rity to state that the facts to which the Courier al-
ludes are as follow :

-

In yo ur prerent situoition, on the borders of 1101-
stein, yo,u may perhaps meet with mine old Esightli
tale. of a diffeiriot dtgrre of interest ; since it is a
fact that the Sammi set sail from precisely the spot
where you now are, in three or four wretched boats,
formed of skins, shout 1359 )gars ago; invited by
the Britons to make a deserts'. in order to defend
them ag limit the Picts. Lord Melville's Scottish
ancestors. When I was in your neighbourhood, I
remember to have seem a very old map of Hot-
strin, &c. in which the last town on the sea-chore
was marked. singularly at least. Lunde's ; and where
I observed. inn hasty view. several Ilialatf., which
we certainly have in Dorset. Devon, and on the
cost►. Should you light upon Howell's enter-
Ming Letters, published it, Queen Elizabeth's
days, as I did. and was therefore struck, you will
ate oce or ten, which be writes from the part of the
world where you are stationed, to my ancestor Sir
James Croft, and in which he &toys, se that the
people have so much the appearance of Eng-
halt, he ehuo►t thinks himself at home." If PO. amid
if you loam found a pleasant society awing these
desceudants of those from whom we are descended

(1-abilrir el labegur is arose volshilis megrim),

" About eleven years since the late Duke of
Richmond authorised a Rev. Gentleman now living
iu Norfolk, to whom he wither! to give some press
ferment in Noi Wit, to offer Mr.- Dathwtst the
Deanery of Killian, in exchange for it living which
he (Mr. Bathurst) had in Notfolk. Just at that
period Mr. Bathurst obtained a second valuable
where he now resides, nod as three thitiogs
are said In be equal to a tire,' and Ire had ju►t art-
sled on his new living, he declined the proposal,
though very thankful to Lord Bathurst for 164
kitlcllleSS which lied recommended him to the Duke
as a proper object to serve in this instance. S
time afterwards, upon Lord Whitworth first going
to Ireland, Mr. Bathurst altered his mho!. and
having received information, which appeared after-
wards not to be altogether well founded, that an
English geniletnati was likely to be able to 'mem-
',iodate him with an exchange for Irish preferment,
as u ?old p►o quo, to his sati•faction, lie wrote to
dlr. tirugge Bathurst, requesting hint to forward
the object : .Ir. B. Withinst ilec•hued, mlcr plea of
having no acquaintance with Lord Whitworth, whieti
the Archdeacon took (considering smite family
ciretinattancrs with which he will slot tioubte the
public) as disobliging, and perhaps unilecessunly
expressed himself as disobliged. This very intcr-
ference in bps behalf, so far :is propriety would 1).!r•
MA which Mc. Bra„tge BAilltlf4l declined,
Lord Bathurst, to whom the Arciidescon then wrote,
immediately consenteil to lend, whenever the ex-
change should offer ; and whatever Mr. Bathurst
may think of the general indisposition of Ministers
towards their opponents, he et t attribute any
refusal of a suitable exchange to Ministers, whom,
if personal motista towards Administration were to
Operate in the political part which he takes, be
would, front respect and attachment to 111* noble
relative. Lord Bathurst, he divined to support.
Ceitainly, li,r the last four or five years Mr.
Ila'llnrat ll,s Meal isppe-ied to Abi and in-
lends, oltlle they Net towards the initials ter they act
at pieseut, to remain so; but without any of the
coeliac, attributed to him.. - .

I do rot much lament your remaining still abroad.
Adieu, say dear Sir ! It is more than possible that
you may find Ibis epistle much too lung; but I tied
a good deal to say, and you remember Swittovi ex.
cow, " that be !lad not time to make his
.Iteter
shorter." Ilowestr. I will whisper you • nitgl►iY
good method of shoitemog any litter, the dullest
mid the longist : ttad only so mucked' it as yOu like,
and skip all the rest. Yon will not, in this totter,
kip the anecdote of poor Lord C.
My kind cocopliatestestr-your Knott [Arty, whose
mer►t OW SO Other h hbOe MI forgotten ; and my
best wishes to year tttuial►le daughter. if she tare
nut already found a Inistrivis4 worthy of lwr; and to
her husband, if she have found one. Should tlwy
see its oilier end answered. by these letters. you mud
'they• wilt ut lewd pore user the historical parts of
Owes beresifts r, with' no common kind of pleasure :
,rits I shall wake • proof of trondissg. in 101111 Way
Of anotber, every eyelid ►hat h•sppeoa. May I. IN) 411
have to speak of yawn app oiointeut to Goose 'tattoo
tweedy of -lour Wrists a►pl long sersicerl. and
to winch I am perfood.d you would never .I'4l ..as
your Llat insnor, .Ir. D. as clanged with haviint
acted at Moloch. row everits.abuttt be worried
by sue self more real lit...sure; for I um,
11=--, •
1.c..:r sincere Friend,

•' is a candid and correct statement of the
facts to which the Courier aipetas to allude ; 11101
It is somewhat singular that the substance el this
attack should have been made in a printed snoop,
100110 letter, without the printer's name, addressed..
to the A eau 1N.C1,1), With other inalignant inti.repre.
selitatitslis s,f a private mature, slid threatening bias
with insult the lidloai•g day at the conisty inert-
ing, which he instantly showvil an his ftitiler and
inititlirr friend present, the evviling before the meet-
ing of the county of Norfolk in uppositioes to the
bill of Pains and Penshies.
" Such are the means instead of argument,
'the friends of social peace 0114 crder' ►resort to
in their inveteracy against an utifortureste Queets—
who might (by an act of 'emir stints conceding hurt
rights, and drawls up by the consent of the Kiiig
and her►elf, and the provisions sanctioned by Par-
liament, together with an' agre✓ntent that all dis-
cussion on the subject ►hould afterwards ceaae,l
be left to spend the remuiuder of her days its
quillity, end leave the Parliament time fair dither
most important cosasideratioes of the public welfare.
" Mr, Bathurst knows that, Irons an occsatosial
warmth in his disposititin.iie is accused of bitterns... 4,
by souse; but he bears no mars malice, tier would
he refrain from assisting his greatest enemy in any
peed ; owl respecting the part which lie has taken
as to the. Queen, lie will ever repose his head upon
Lis pillow with undisturbed satisfaction.
•• It is vet). unwillingly that he intrudes thus
much of a personal endure 011 the public, but it is
certainly desirable that the Queen's advocates
should stand free from the suspicion of selfishness
or worldy ambition; and Mr. Bathurst is wiliing to
leave Ins conduct ever hereafter to the test 4,1 disin-
terestedness, as be feels hitherto that be never has 1.0.
crificed, and trusts he never shall sacrifice, the great
feelings of general justice to resentmem, or even
(which is much more excusable) to personal favour.
IN wish is peace I public content. lie has long
seen an arbitrary temper in the public councils, un-
)ivlding to the progress of opinion, on one Isamd ; sold
on the other,. seiire of iieglrcted rights, partly sit
least justifiable; and he has long wished to see the
independent, and best educated. and most •ie.
rated members of society larlb forward Mud medi-
ate between the people and the Coseerisrueet,
before the time arrives when mutual iissult and
injury may disgust the trinpet ate on both sides,
and rouse the violent to ects at which human
nature shudders. The object of the Archdea-
con, lie can truly soy, is to lienl and not irritate
—to make price, nod not to make war ; sisal for
the truth of this he is willing to refer to tlis,s.
who know him in his capacity as c'ergyisons awl
magistrate. onsl even as pulitielasi in general, wl►at.
ever severity of observision lie may oceasiaeolly
snake are of; end he would be ogle of Ilse first to
recommend an entire üblivion of every provocation
of Ministers pout to the people, if Ministers would
but adopt a teusonnble plass of conciliesioss to.
wards the people, fur whose benefit (;overnineet
I could alone be seigioally instituted."

H. C.

•

77,_17.7.*

,9V,j

piewirgilingrwmgßipvirferrier7wwwwlll”7l.
4
'

-- __ .

MM

~,

'P.

-

•
•

a

MEMOIRS OF GRAPIFITLS and thence mot a •
hien that some peirst‘
(f? rota w n. Maprette."l Joniathati caliie• and 191 b.
old waiter. who notwdligeors.
In the present state of literature, when • moist-. the i'ffieett. The l'imit's*K"
for the splendid and the inarvelloua pervade.' the M. Brown, who °li*e°4lier het'
public mind, which has bees) how excited by he she lawyer 0,1 a charge of boring t.,
the revolutions of empires end the foie of Kings; roperlq. 11$ he milled Strip that he lilt
when the deeds of the warrior, the songs of the
bard, and
.the speeches of the Insior, ere held Granville Sharp received • loiter from the I
forth to our admiring view; amidst this *Ailey tryicompter. signed. Jonothou Snoop cos
of dazzling events, illustrious personages, and did pot recolleet at first. but lie ague to '
overpowering talent', it is highly meritorious mid at the prison, anti' the keepers deetied ha'
useful to direct atirsetion to excellence of a higher n 7 "e'iwt°°° '" their cit•IIM "Iry
order, though of less ostentatious character. an alt- lus suspicm. and awakened hi,
cellence heyond that of elogoroce. valour, or even He weot Isittiirto the Crotillsteer S'
genius—to philanthropy; and this merit musically log Strong. lt.rewo the.. caller,
beloogs to the Editor of the life of Grassville Sharp. recollected ; and
Mr.- Shorn was descended limn a family anciently the lina", at his Perils eart...sl9
del
settled in Yorkshire, and his immediate predecessors Pl:tr'.wh° nt. till be
were eminently diminguishett by the high moral beforethe Lord"tur ;ft° *a"'
qualities, of
.which he preserved the lustre by his "41'7 °pink". gng iviw
hod"" beets confinedivi in prism§without au voirrou
evernple. (iii gjandfailier was Archbishop a
requesting his Lordship to 110011140 i) those per,
Yin!: ; and his lather, Dr. Thomas Sharp, wits
who detiossed him. and gore notice to himself to alley
A rcheleaeon of Northutoberland, a divioe
at the same time—which wee granted. At tine esp.
guished for uprightners, piety, and • conscientious
pointed time, Mr. Sharp outmoded, and footed Joss.
diseltarge of his duties.
than in the presence of the Lard Mayor. aid also
Granville was born at Denham in 1735; being
destined Inv trade, he we, at an eddy age with- two persons who claimed ; the one • reskieg
public, who produced • bill of sale from bia,llllo
drawn from the public grammar-school at Dothan).
berme he hail inquired more than the first Twit- matter' "'vitt to "'DPI gulf' *IF *
melds of the learned languages. Jamaica plower, who load refused to pay lie
e
In the year 1750, he was bound apprentice in Puthase.money tin the were shook! he de-
Loodon to a linesi-draper of the name of Hulsey, 1"e" °" board •ship betungingl° heir. Sill
a Quaker, on Toacr-hill, who dying i's 1750. Atkinson, bound to Jamaica; the Captain of.the
vessel, David Laws was the other persao. throat,
•he remained under the mine indeuteues wish
lialsey's father-m-lam, henry Hrilloußftby. Freq. a "ding to take brow trawY• The Loral Meyer.
Justice of the Peace, soda Presbyterian, anal from after hearing flee pimps*, sser4, the lad hog not
thence entsred the house of Bourke and Co; Rowan stolen any sklog. end ass out guilty of say at.
Catholic Irish factors tu Cheapside. At the rept- fence, therefore at liberty to go sway.
ration of hue apprenticeship lee quitted his situation, Unou this the Caplets seised the negro. *oil told
and engaged himself in the service of another linen. hie Lordship he wed: hint as the property, of Afe,
factors, oracle lie had reason to 'oppose was eats- Ke.r.
Wished e.ii a large bailie, hot, finding it more con- The City Coroner now came behind Mr. filestP,
to-acted then he had imagined, he sours relinquished and whispered ea Id: ear. w Charge hem."
his engagement. Sharp Illiosedmtely teemed on the Caption, -
In ski- early stage of his life was laid the founds- an oilier,' tope ward, " Ste, I charge use
.7:lr
time of that equal temper and candour which rue. sessile." On this Lair quitted hi hold of ~
bled him to enter into argument with thilt4e aim thaa'S sem, and all bowed to the I,ord Nliiya•
differed from hum in religious opinions. Though departed; Jotiatiim following Mr. Sharp, and es
the anti of a dignified clerics— of the Chinch of our daring to touch Ism.

MIMI

•rd mammal*
rged ille washer

England. he hud d a Quaker, ■ Presbyterian
or Indent:Went, an Irish Papist, and another person
who had rm religion at all.
It wo. at this period he made his first advances
in le•rruinc a series of controversies it) his master's
lonise with an inmate there. who was a &mutes, ex.
cited him to the study of the Greek tongue. The
Socinian declared that Graiiville's misertioception of
the, dnetrine of atonentrait arose from his ignorance
of the Greek language, and refined blur to the
Mn'i Testament iu the original text. He acquired
Hebrew, at the some tune from a similar cause : a Jew
who resided in the house. tartar-sited with the
truths of the Christian religion, and attributed his
misinterpret:moils to his not being able to read the
prophecne• in the original, referring hiut to the
Bible, as the Socinian did to the Testament.

The tutdive• oh;vii induced him to ■lwndon the
trod: of hu•iue•s in which he 11.11 latest twice rut-
goiged are ono uukr, rat : the death of his fillies,
however. left las choice unbiassed, and in 1758 lte
uhiamed a subordinate appointment in the Ord-
ttttnce-t•liiee. _ _ .

:To 14 esidarefl)
MEETING, 01 Clt EillTang 7' fir 11.011.4
TeleMmuw.

.......... X .1.
0. White, Strand-lane, piste, 3 in
Si. Klotz, Pembina, merchant
E. Smith, Green Lettuce/400e, warrehmuut
G. Hewitt, nor Henley, bionber 3 12
E Harriet, Wapplogoaripea, ampnr)~
D. Edriolee, Salami', teepee 3 It)
J. ?Alio, NewierOwl. loan 3 1*
S. Tlegraillre. Sisp/etworss, talloyuclomidler
T. Ceberwood, Tunbridge, caneeer..
.1. Grey, Bialeopagate.otreet-Whabowt, grocer
J. Itatnew, Southwark, grater
J. Ayers., Sutlu Taiewee, farmer .. S 10
C. Hurry, late of Freessan'o.uanirt,twiwebenl
J. Corry, hide of Bev orroAlroet. plasbler .
XXISHT.IIIII I art
H. Ilarion, Pawl's °rep, miller I 11
- 10
30

In 1764 he was appointed a clerk in ordinary, ,
arid re ))))) vett to the ;Mount% bench. Soon after
this establishment. lie engaged in a controversy with
the learned Dr. Kenhitint, editor of the Hebrew
Bible, which involved a contest for superior pro&
ciency in Ilebiew literature. The boldness of the
attempt cannot be regarded without surprise. His
uncle, the Rev. Granville \F holier, sully compared
loin to David attacking tool woutidnig Goliath. The
singularity of the subject, the eutelidenue with which
hi+ enterprise was niamtained, and the success with
which it wa.atteurted, form a remarkable instance in
literary annals. About this time chance directed
his attention towards the sufferiegg of a race of men
who had long been the victims of European avatices
lie had at first no other view than the relief of a mi-
serable fellow-creature. struggliug with dismissed
extreine misery : bet such under heaven was thew
the increasing spirit cut huggauity„ that Englund was
destined shortly to behold a private and powerless
individual standing forth at the divine itestigatioe of
merry to rescue the iirgroes from tbe cruel ripper,.
sion of chains and slavery ; to see she single was
oie.sed by prejudice and inferno. analog himself
by the study of our laws to assert the rights of jus.
tier, resisting the formidable decisions of those who
Mkt the highest Courts of judiesture. maintain-
Mg hie cause with unanswerable reasons, and finally
overthrowing the itithieoce of unjust opinions,
merely founded in mithority :—air nem not name
glorious to the individual himself than to our
Coneitiition, of which he demonstrated the mild
mid hheral spirit„ friendly to every eousideratiosi
that conlif be .nggested fur the Ifrenefit Of maid:mit
The first opperiiiiiity of trying a case MS
iut-
portant to humanity ems afforded in 1765. by an
African mounted .lonatliati Strong. Alr. W. Sharp,
the surgeon, afforded grst Mums relief every morning
to the poor at Ins own house, whither pain and
disrose, the consetpetier of severe blows UMI
lilt usage, led the mieerable sufferer to seek no'.
dieal aid ; stud in one of nrativillr's vents to the
surgery its Mincing-lane, he met Jonathan Siring,
ready to through religiose weaktieles at Ise ap.
prouclied the door. On Inquiry it ens found that
this negro had been the slave of Mr. Mien' Liar.
a lawyer, of Ilatbidnee, whose barbarous treatment
had by degree* reduced I to a state of ti•eles*-
ursa, stud stun had then brutally turned bow out of
doom
By the attention of the brothers, into whose care
Strung had providentially fallen, lie WAS tcatorrd to
health, and placed no the eel vice ..f a respectable
eputle.eaty, Mr. Brown.. In that comfortable %nue-
t lie hail rrtsiatittrd two years, whets, as lie Was
atomiliiig Ind mistress behind it liacktiey-coach. lie
Was seen and rerogiiized by the lawyer to whom
he had been it slave, and who conceiving. 1,1 hie
arpratauce titled acti%i• employmeet. that he most
have regained Its airength for labour, traced his
de, stud hating discovered it, laid s plan It, tn.
lisp Min.
. Some days after Lisle ?matey...s.l two of tbe Loud
sI iyM's rs to attend hall to a public-loose.

, late sr;

__.___...........orsipousweorte-osoiker 1
A. Harris, Isle of Ann 0-9lveritiPolow 1
T. Courtney, Geoid CoSheienewei Arend 1 12
DIVIDES/XL,
J. Roil 11. %tem, Friday-greet, wiwaheetewea ...... 10
A. !lend), Gerrer-street, builder .i p
J. Ituerlaii, Charter-Howe-sqoare, ntereleaut
C. Wrighl, fined, wiaa.mercheat
G. r.ieletti M 'Oki, merchant . Mt
G. 'saws, Bishopsyste.street-Witloosit, miry= l2
F. Desertion sad M. bisobert, Philpoit.lsot, votrrhente II
B. root, Half 510a4soure,Grarchore4.otreet
S. Humphreys, Pottlasei.place, abechant ... .....
CERTIFICATES.
W. liesam of Borkiey-ilessoittie Flint, limber.mor.
cheat—T.(o' iirland, of Grob Wiac‘riter.seress, lambee.
nerrehans.—D. T. Clarke. et Illeansal.strest, abs, 011nid1t.
ems, lacrosae.—J. Fitzgerald, a Viee-street, ileerrew-vok,
Lambeth, sod Defroeshirmahmel, lieseiegtos,Habory, ma.
her.merelaset.-9. Heo4loy, of Illetuee, fhatithellimillir.
—R. Shirley ,uf Beek kteirgo, llos earpot.maseisctorer.
W. Loaghorst. 0: Toolieiese, `ell, irearbrageo.....R. II ,t-
-lass, of &oath 111.e4015, Dosidoes, -elottotier..4. Ifkroofta
Renlitolohill, Leona, hoes slospor.—R. Cimber, et Miski
Rebhan', Natoli', mrseeoes. .
f —a -- -4. - .T. 4 I
PRICES OF TALLOW, maP, M. pie 111111.
Town Tallow 59. 41 —• OA Rallisor emir
1190
Yellow, Nemsla 63. ed ...4 W Illipisd l4
While dittsi...4l.4 04 —0 ad .... Pi•
Soap ilittis.....4Se ihd .--is 04 ewes •
les U
Mehint Steir4ts 0.1 -.4, •4 °ma Druip......., tos 0.
thesu ruugh..tee 04 —4 ed

, It' RTH.
On IVedneadat, is iloilessstreet, Cavendish-square, Hrs.
Robiumn, of a daughter.
WIARRIACF`,
On the 1211 i inot I.itat,Calatitt I 'turrets, t.Miai
Cintier S. Srile, at the Istie Atalanta
Serie, F.i.q ('an misaioner of the Transport Ruled
at. Tuesday tot, et Norwich, the Rye. (li•orge Carter.
Minor ('Ation of the Cathi•itral, end Vicar of Trosse with
Lakenhari, Norfolk, to Ane Murray, eeeodull daughte, of
Captain R. Browne, of Plierwieb.
I stray, in Cava:, Culla-1, James SigUldefileet IRag. of Castle
Kiitudersmi, to Si•l'ita, tour th daaglititi M Rielleard Fox, , so.
of Ile% coolly I.uegford, and sieve to the Gut so
feria, BM.
DEATH.
At Ilia Lomat.at I,olk Bootee, soar Camden% sto Thurs-
day last, aged about SU yearadanses Weenies', Roo. Cap.
taw in Ow Illsontodsoe sinerr•. lit took y movie r•ilil
his tegument in October lasi, from eke). be my.,
Stet.• el rd.
Thomas Janet, F.wo of (.1 andlsilitilisll,deer 11.1 an•
gotten, lAnibielnihire. Having so very earaerrointista, it is
r. 4.14 that. Ow 1.111.ta of the ddlesroot Meassu weal W siy
possession of ins cam.. that me situate ist their reapred,s.
Manors. Ilia te.it and pursooal property is
.ropposed to
au.... to little sli.irt one houilred thwasattf reads.
is laelost.al that i.e los made a will, Wit saatielsat art ber,
t' 'nod, silibone• anamidomble resells ant «flan% to, mit.
.4.•1111,0 V.A. 3. 13 my lead 1.. liar disewarry air a Sill. hi.
Jones was * ariiii -idesitre of Breasts, mint awake of the rwma
riiiiiieot ael lASI of the day alsesyi met wash • Warty wekuriss
at I.la dims [Lill, *Mersey Owl visited the inains.-•'—
uf Llangollen.

• •
WATER THIS DAY AT
Mui flies 39 after 41, ET

DM PRIDGE.
•fin 11.

r~

_ •
rriblini and rn+.:mlirel at Tin PRITION iniel
Tr
Games Oarv, No. U,. Ikreedl, by (1. ClglldtY64t
tbd Strad.
•

- .6•MIS
