PON TRY .

TIIE NEfißfl'al RETORT.
From the /klieg of Literature.]
As lately retum'il from the Isles of the West,
Lorton), with health and prosperity blest,
And surrounded by fri.mils, at his table preskied,
Where all the good things of this worlil were provided ;
A domestic. with Africa's hue on his skin,
A basket of apples and cheviots limii;;ht in.
Lorenzo, with wine and good fellowship warm,
To laugh at pone Mungo tonceir'il it no harm ;
And esclaisn'tl, as lie held up ths fruit to his roe.
" This apple's a white man; this chtsinui is yrni."
" Ah I said "Icknowledge I must,
eunntetion is good -the rOfflrati3Orl just j
Hut Negro, like cliesinut, tho' dark in his skin,
Is white, thlll,llllll sound, at the he, I within;
While, dm' beauteous like app:es is Wickes,' iio smart,
lie Iliss oft MaNY gralltf of his heart."
• l'he Negro's name for a white man.

SPECIMENS e. PATENT rocKET rnerioNAß
EVE THE UHL or THOSE WHO MIEN TO OWDENSTANH
THE WEENIE° or THIMOS Mil WELL .14 WORDS.

[From the Number of the New termitlslq iforaiker te be pub.
HAW this morning. I

" Thine lost the sense their learning to display,
And those esplaiti'd the *leaning quite away.“-Polpt.
Demme !- -An expletive of style, used to All up vacancies of
matter, and therefore or perpetual oecurrer.ce in the emstileastion of
the high and low vulgar.
howdy.-A fool who is vain of tieing the lay-figure of aeon,
fishionahle tailor, and thinks the wealth of hs wardrobe will eon.
ceal the poverty I.t his ideas; though, like his lograerod hen.
the? in me litm'e skin. he is betrayed assort as he army hie metath.
IMagkr.. n androgynous niscet that nutters aboraltilitkilae IM-
kites, and !mazes impertinently in their SW. .
Dsp sad Afartia -See •• hand-writing on Mot
Drfrfs Nerionef---filortgaging the properly of our posterity, that
we may be better enabled to destroy our 4,ll:emporaries.
Ihtutes.-An useless stagging of tongues where the noses have
betel slimly counsel.
lleto•.-See Chancery Court.
',cilia,- -.The scapegoat which we make responsible fur all Our
crimes and follies : • necessity which we set down fur invincible
when we hare no wish to strive against it.
Dice.-Plnythiort which the lkvil sets in motion, when he
wants a new supply of knaves, beggars, and suicides.
Diplomatist.- A privileged cheat, lured to undermine, overreach,
and circuit's reit hls opponent. and rewarded whit Court dignities
in pmportion as he is deficient in all the moral ones.
Illateer.-A med taken at supper-Mite ; hinnerly eonsitiered as
a means of enjoying tociety, and therefore moderate in expense and
frequent in occurrence ; tots, given to display yourself, not to see
your friends, and initioqii..-Ny rare because it is foolishly extra-
vAgant.
military -That sidiortliiiatim which is maintained
mom ?he Continent be the hope ul disiiticii at, in England by the
fear of the eat-re.nitie.tsils.
ititoolse.-'l'hat which we ell of us Irene on our hearts, and
*my of us on our f•ie,s.
Ihn-tos.-Acettr,hog io l'oltaiee. on, whose business it is to
poor drugs, of which he knots hole, into • body of which be
knows less.
place in which those who have taken too much wine
are slit to take • little water.
/)or--A quadruped of great use in tooling "timid% that have lust
any of their senses. wish as blind beggars, spiwtanten, &e.
th.terger.-A titled old lady. who soinclimos survives herself as
well as her husband, and generally sticks to the card-table till she
is carried to the coffin.
/Inze.-A short nap enjoyed by ninny people after dinner on •
week day, mid after the test on a Sunday.
Presrs.-A small ',timothy taken in immoderate quantities by
those who hate few grains sit sobriety, and siowiruoles of conscience. I
!Seam:, mode.p.--I'.7..tytiiing except anuswty and tragedy; such
SO OlcitNirmlllll, Ac.
Isseout.- All those int noble iisions to which we are awake in
our sleep.
ess,-.Etterns.) gentility, frequently used to disguise internal
vulgarity.
Ilraas.-An instrument which Death commands to be played at
all his great feasts.
thsty.-Fin•heialle. • tax which we pay to the public excise and
customs; no:rally, that which we AN rely apt to Luise in our i-t-
-eat, cotton's.
hteassty.-Irmverrignly, by which • particular family claim a
whole people as their properly •of whichth,i beneficial may
tae in" and France, Spain, Naples-the patrimony of the
Bourbons.
Jfetentrieity, of app:drante.-The pleasure of being personally
known to those who do not know you by hame.
Feno -The shadow of a sound.
F.datiotr. third
.fims th.-Set• title-pages of the first.
Education, dangers ,f-Soe ilunsbug.
Nestle/N.- Mattering the perste Ito he too much in the public eye.
El:vs.-That pan of des body which it la Most datigreous to •
shake.
lareend.-Ileginning in disobedience that which commonly
ends in misery.
Ew.Asfroino.--l'erpetuating the perishable with more pains than
we tmke to sane that which is immortal.
wasstaiossa.-Spiritual intoxication.
Lenny.-The way in which we punish ourselves foe being inferior
to others.
Fp'sementl.--The whole of modern literature.
I.mervs. -One who liens to CU illgl:341 of eating to live.
Episroptcy.-The power, pomp, and vanity of those who have
forsworn all three.
E./eil.-That which a man of talent will scidoni Mid among his
superiors.
Es eats.- I/ruddiest confessions of a hook.
Rfontrifogy.- Sendiog vagrant word% back to their own parish.
EzVstisitc -A dandy taken at his own valsiAtion.
Exteorpore.--A premedisaital impromptu.
4444 re-A toy which enables a etractimh not toSee.
Eutaire.-A title notch in use aiming the lower enicra.
Fables, dEsop's.-litvints human intellects to brutes. in imitation
of :Sabin., who sometimes gives brute lust Deets to own.
Pee e•.-The aiknt echo of the heart.
ltralug&uest.-Acturditg to leivd Nothury, ruling jokes upon
the death of • fellow.cmature, aid quoting Jut AI instead of
hlackttone from the seat of jostice.
Fedi:in.-Any party out of power.
Fame.- Being known by name to those who do not know you
personally.
Fen.--A plaything, from whose nsotion • flirt derives her name,
and which 'arcs to hide her face when she ought to blush and
cannot.
Fast,o, (:entlettun of ese.-See illackguar'l•
Fashion.-The voluntary slavery which leads us to think. art.
and dress, according to the judgmetit of fools, and the caplet al
vise iiiii ha.
Fee. Dodoes -An attempt Si' purchase health front ono who
tannest seeurre his own. See Fee-simple.
rdiritat-The buriwu of the heart, worth is always receding as
we advance towards it.
rigaNCe.—logcr.lemain performed by the fingers.
river.-An appettiloge worn in • ring, 411i1 of great use In
taking snufr.
Pistseso.-The ainiiintlture of the sea.
fl.sttero.-Throsting dust in people's eyes, PleTar for the Put.'
pine of picking their pockets.
fool--What a fop sees in the looking-class.
F. " loaf men nr.._( tile who is so unfortunate ns to he released
from the iseeeisirr of employmeut for the 'allot and mired', for
the li,' Ir, the two great constituents of happiness and lowitla ; who
has every thing to fear, and nothing to !tope ; and wins ...ow.
',Bendy pays in mistily and ennui Tote than the value of his money.
f'o,lv.—The se ph s all,' of ti lady's age.
tsp for lives with a fox.
fuii.m.alsk.-1 in* who will dine with you, came with
you, walk or tide out with pos. borrow money of you, escort your
airs to public places if she lei handsome, stand by and see you
fairly slow, if you hopper' to he engaged in a duel, and slitik away,
and see you quietly (lapped in a prison, if you esperience • re.
verse of fortune.
owl.-One who will tell you of your faulty and follies in
pmsperity, and assist you with ins hand nod heart ill adversity.
See Illark Main,.
Frown,-AVrilinr tin confession of a bad passion with an eye-
brow. •
Fsoollo•: Systens.-gatidling posterity. that when the present
age is a hergaf, it mar get on horseback and role to the devil.
Vin-rsl.-•Posthumuns vanity. The pride, pomp, and etrount.
stares, tad " ask:. to ashes, and dust ict dust."
Hin,e.--1111 this world. the oneseented emir of the post t in thin
neat. what we are to be, determined by what we Elate been.
(;,sin. -lining life to win money.
I:alfiate -An Apothecary's batik.
rialto's,. -The remedy which society has provided for roguery;
eu-e without being a prevention.
f:artirto.-See Ilegoar and Suicide.
I:arfrooomo.-The religim of those who rooky a god of their
bellies.
1:. nralove, Psi basil of -Generaltv. the poor expedient of those
who, hoeing nothing to be prowl of in their emu prisons, are
obliged to be penal of others.
1; tor rkmair.-A name often. bestowed noon a well-sinismed black_
quanl, and withheld from the right owner, whip only wears its qua.
liticatrona its his heart.
(;;:edmie.-bec the Pagotht at 11-ig!iton.
Giir.._The worm alike still ; the spirituous enemy of mankind.
_Sharing with plague. peitilensr, nod fatione, Ilse ho.
flour of destroying your *weirs ; and panictu ii i 4 with .tiesander's
home the pleasure of transit ii ii ing your rsine to posterity.
li,dJ. toed earth, fiw which navy noel. aunties lint and lose

THE BRITISH PRESS.

717'11.1:S IN 771. E Cl 7 Y.
