This day is published, in 12rno. price h. Rd. boards.
fr H E PH I I.OSOPH Y of RIIETORIc.—By
1. GEORGE CAMPBELL, D.D. P.R.& Edinburgh.
Principal of the Marischal College, Aberdeen.
With the Author's last Additions and Correctinns.
Abridged for the use of Schools and Private Instruction.
By A. JA lESON, LL.D.
Printed for G. and W. B. Whittaker, Ave Maria lane, London.

PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE.

HOUSE OF LORDS, THUZSDAY, Fxg.lll
Mr. BROODEN and several Alembent of the House
mons brought up the Exchequer Bills (14,000.000) Hill;
Courts of Law amemln,ent Bill the Iterlytunty of Du,'
and the Tran..fer in Aids Bill : all of which, on the nsA
Earl of Shaftesbury, were read a first time.
MARRIAGE ACT AJIENDMENT BILL. s
On the motion of the Earl of SHAFTESBURY, she Hilt.
went into a Committee on the Marriage Act Anaendoitut
which was ordered to be reported to-morrow.
Adjourned.
110 USE OF COMMONS, Tmuisaiv, FEB. 26.

COALS.
Sit W. LEMON resented various petitionr against the Tax ea
Coals.

M presented a similar petition from the Mayor sad
Jumps of sandwich.
Ordered to lie o 3 the table.

SLAVERY. . •
Mr. PYM presented petitions twin various parishes in die enlol4l
of Redford, praying for the abolition of :dowry in the Nast
dirs.—Ordered to lie on the table.
HOUSE AND WINDOW TAX. • •
Mr. WII I T BREA I) prescixtd • petition from John Richards,
against the Tax upon Houses and NVindows--Ordered to lie at the
table.

LICENCE TAX. •
Mr. BLACKBURN pre‘unted petli...nis from various ttceseed
inakeepers and victuallers in Lancashire, praying for a repeal of
the Tax.

Mr. 8. WORTLEY pretested a similar petition front the lobe.
thaws of Boost.. in Yorkshire.
Ordered to lie et the table.

SLAVERY.

Sir I. COFFIN peeseniciiayell:inn from the inhabitants d
Spalding, againstidarery is the iVest ladies.
Orden..4 to bt• on the table.

AIL CRI PPS pre.ented a petition from the inhabitants of Ohms-
meter, praying tor the gradual abolition of slavery in the West
Indies.--t 'Merril to he on the table.

Sir T. 1, ET HI;111 E presented a petition from the Inha-
bitants of 31 ilbourne, against slavery in the West Indies—Ordered
to lie on the table.

CO.I LS.
Sir I. COFFIN presented a petition from the inhabitants of
Dooningtoa, against the duty on coals carried coastways.
Ordered to lie on the table.
Sir E. HARVEY invented a petition from the inhabitants of
Epping, in Essex, against the duty on coals.
Ordered to lie on the table.
Ur. BERNAL presented a petition from the inhabitants of
Radford, against the duty on coalA.--Oriered to lie on the table.

E3IPIA.VVMENT Of TILE POOR.
Mr. Alderman THO3IPSON moved that the second reading
of the Bill for the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor be
read a second time on the 2d of April.—Ordered.

STA 31 P DUTIES.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT moved that there be bid before the
house a return of the sums paid on the various stamp duties in Ib3
Courts of Law, throughout England and Ireland, far the last
seeds years. Also for the sunis raid fur stamps unties the several
heads of conveyancing, and when these returns were made he
would gitund upon thous motion, which, if carried, would make
the Courts of Justice open to the people.--Ordered.
IMPORTATION OF FLAX. SEED TO IRELAND.
Sir JOHN NNIVPORT said, that he would shortly give ers.
tice upon a subject which was of the greatest .impuhance to She
employment of the Irish population, and which would be well
worth the auention of those Honourable Members who ware bite-
rested in the welfare of that country : he meant the asayiag
flax-seed to Ireland.

LICENSED INNKEEPERS.
Mr. HUME presented a petition from the Licensed VistasDerr
of the North Ruling of Yorkshire, praying for the repeal of the
Additional Licence Tax, laid on in the year 1816.
Ordered to lie on the table.
PRINCESS OLIVE OF CUMBERLAND.
Mr. SCA RLETT presented a petition front this individual,
stating, that thosgh she was the lineal descendent of George Me
Second, she was arrested, and compelled to live within the -Roles
of the Fleet. She prayed that her wrongs may be redressed, and
that she may he heard by Counsel at the bar of the House.
Ordered to he on the table.
LINENS OF SCOTLAND.
Mr. THYME aald„ he bad a motion before the House, the object
of which was the a return of the amount of the due, pa linen under
erreenPunife the yard. He had a particular reason for his Inquiry.
for if the
.present system was continued, the whole tax would 411
upon the inhabitants of the burghs which he had the honour to
represent : the duty, besides, was partial, for it fell =elusively on
the ports of Scotland, whilst the linens of Ireland were exempt ;
and he lamented the Chancellor of the Exchequer was not in tits
seat, that he might convince him of the partiality of the measure.
All lion. Friend bad asked him why he twinned his motion to
linens under sevenpenfe the yard; the reason waa, that all ditties
on linens of a superior quality had been equally reduced. Ms
would therefore move for a return of the number of yards oflinea
imported from Scotland and Ireland, from January 1822 to .Is-
nuary 1024, specifying the amount of duties, and bounties paid
during the same time.
Mr. BERNAL joined the Ron. Member in regretting the ab-
sence of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, as this autism' was suf-
ficiently important to occupy his attention. The loss enturlained
of would not fall exclusively on Scotland ; it.wauld preen lauTily
on our West India Colonies, where then egro= were clothed with
• description of linen, technically called Osnaburgh, which wee of
the kind under seven-pence the yard.
Colonel FRENCH- said, the system, if persevered in, would
not be injurious to our West India colonists alone ; it would he
destructive to the west of Ireland. In the north of Ireland the
linen trade was in full vigour, but in the west it was still in its In-
fancy. He was not incorrect in Stating, that the salvation of Hs-
land, and its remaining in a state of peace, tranquillity, and tr.-
dustry, dependod upon the success of the linen trade, and ne nem
of money bestowed by this country, would nifikes compensation
fur the injury inflicted upon Ireland, for the paltry saving .of
100,0001., which was the sum to be gained by the present system.
Ile thought they were beginning at the wrong end. In his opt.
nioo, as a general principle, it was perfectly fair to take away bow-
nes altogether, but practically it could not be applied to Ireland.
In the year 1822 he had conversed upon the subject with Mr. Ol-
den, who was considered as high authority on the matter, and that
Oentleman informed him that the removal of the bounty woultibs
the destruction of the infant state of trade in the west ofnandandi
and it as yet required the stimulus of a tree admission. In ad-
dition to the weak state of the linen trade in some parts of Ice-
land, that country was also materially injured by the fraud and
roguery of certain rich and wealthy meal:ants re. Loudon; Wls
of whom had practised a system of the grossew- fraud, by peek-
ing up parcels of cotton as Irish linen, and forging the wars,
Thus Ireland had to complain of a doublei wrong. In the firs
place, the character of her linen was injured, and then the botanist
were withdrawn, at, in consequence of the frauds he had deacribeii,
they were falaely. granted. She reason advanced foe the hange
was, in his opinion, erroneous. It was alleged by the advocated
of the bounty, that it was in the power of the foreign state to
impose a tax on the raw material equal to our byway; but in a
short time, and without any public assistance, with none het tits
of a few public spirited gentlemen, he hoped we would not wa t
the raw material at all. Flax of the finest description, not to is
exceeded by any other, was now saved in Ireland, and horn it unto
a superior description was manufactured. He begged partlpnlitr
trespassing upon the House, but he could not forbear expressing
his sentiments.

i

Mr. MABERIX said that It was now evident so all. that lee- 1.
land, by not saving her own dax-sad, was Lang the ram isf
151. per acre, and whilst she was sufering a loss like this, st wog
impossible for her to compete with France, Holland, and the
other flax-growing countries, that sawed the seed. This he
ill
knew to be the state of Ireland, and be dattend itairsfir
that he had some share in introducing in to that eoun.y
a measure, that of saving the liar-seed, which would pale
her a valuable exporter of the raw material, wig which naiad be
the means of affording some relief to the miserable and storviag -
population of the bone', whose stafreriogs_ caused an person silo
thought of them to shudder. He coincided with the now. *molter
fur 31ontrose in his argument that in the classification of tale Noun-
ties even-handed justice should be administered, sod the same ay%
tent should be pursued both in Scotland and Ireland. Them was
one thing which appeared to him dear, that when the bounty W.. 1
reduced on the manufactured article, the tax moos the taw mott
real should also be dimiaidied ; and therekire the tax upon hiaitt,
which amounted to 2.5 per cent., should be also repealed i and .41
this repeal (if he rightly understood the President Of the &mad Of ' f`
Trade on a former occasion), the Ilt.ivernment of the amen, .wca
pledged : to remove a bounty from the manufacuste as.d to suffer
the tax to remain upon the raw tr..vcrial, was as if tluowitig domi
with one hand, and raising up with another. When the pcome3
system was done sway with, the West Italia merchant would ham
no cause of complaint, as the coarse linens of Sentland which 101 l
required would he rendered much chestier than a: ',taunt. Time-
fore din interevi had no reason to be atm. a:ed.
Mr. IVA LLACE de..ivil that he was pledged, as the Hue,.
Member statue, to the rupeal of rh. duty no ite.cp. . .
Mr. 111.111 ER Ll' said. tin 1:. lIC it I,:h. nt•s,. Gendernall sou
I not pledged, he would Aim, do • itic:!y ti:...: h.. Maiiitty's fiwierr.
tuent was.
The papers moved for by Mr flume iie-e ordered.
QUALIFICATION of: Jt,lloltft. ,
On the motion of Mr. ll' 1:s1' Eft .-..., the .lure QuaAletaiwit Mal ill
was read s second time, and ordered to be risd a third time ou.
1
Monday weak. -
andT
hoe
nlßsendukrtouP"be Madlawast.itAl:l74lAtißlZl7lhitsnda.ilyi wth"reer"Pweelos."l"egrad .tlEll,
Mr.'PAWSON marred for a copy of the teeth Retort al lit
