..~

" Its the period limited for the professional studies of these
.wbo ale desigue4 fur the bar, the divtlect 00000 betwceu an aca-
demical and a coruntoii education, is prevei red to the maw-
tier iiruptived by the projected Bull. I:1 general eitte‘, before
a last...soden( can be called to the bar, a is meet:v.ll.y that Ins
mime shall hate beet, five years on the books of one of the
luuh of Court, MUICIII be bll4ll have taken the degree of A.M.
of our of the Universities ; ist which rive, three years
is sufficient. If three years, within University education, he
considered an adequate period I. qualify fur the bar, cutely a
cleikship sit three years, with a similar education, must he
sufficient fur a sulicitur.--It is almost hopes lu solves t
to the difference beiwteu the d►grees of A.B. and A.M. a.
the former degree a the teal 'Tile( Mu of acadt mica! pro-
ficiency."

Lamer, 5 die Multi, 1821.
Mr. SERJ EA NT ONSI.OW in the Chair.
•
Mr. Wes Broughton Flexuey, called in awl taamined.
Are you Secretary to the law Society?—Yes; and have„
been fur Iweuly years. 1 have commuairated to them
Bill of last Session, and I ant desired to offer it, as their
Man, to this Committee, that it will be highly hem& .at to
the profession, by increasing its respectability; aim, as es
ueceassry coustquence, will be advautageous to the pub,-
lie, provided the service be completed within live years after
taking • Ilegree. It is also u part of my iiistructiotta to
submit to the Committee, that couch brio fit would elite I,P
the public and plufessiun, if a more e fficieut mode than is •it
pr carat adopted were resorted In. in she eicamenst km as t,
the character, fitness, sod qualificatious of individuals ale-
!dying fur admissiou as Atturueys. law Society hare
also directed me to solicit the attention of the Cuerreistit.
to a practice which has lately prevailed to a veal exteht, cf
admitting sicrausts to become UiCalsiterg of lista of Couto,
fur the purpose of enabling them to act as Couvoymicer.,
who, neither by educatiou nor previous study, are to 11.0
slightest elegece qualified to act as mush, sod chat sorb ad-
missious bear peculiarly hind upon the 1,..4141 practitiou.A.,
who pay large sums upuu bring articled, as well as upon
Istiug admitted into the piufessiou.

KILMAINHAM OUTRAG P.

1111 Z. 011.,
•
PIIIIIId
."”
9 TO THE FREEHOLDERS OF THE COUNTY OF
iheleun,
DUBLIN.
before
accuid-
GtNTLEIIFII—In some discussions which 1 hare latr.y
read in the public papers, on time subject of your befog Jr's.,
' Idea"- (ruin the Com I.llunse anal of Lk. jI
rember last, by the rwilitas y, under orders of chi She. if, who
Enehrh had requested you there to nivel, it a Wogerit si that the pru.
Of. after per mode of seeking redress i• fur individuals to lake !pm.
proceedings against the Sherd.; and 1 atu 111113e11 as one islog
should take such step.
1 hope, Gentleman, it is noineees.ary fir me to orb
any measure you would advise or tecurartreird I would ettlist
willingly pursue, eveu at my sole cost and reconvemeneig, if
I thought it could at ell triad to any mewl purpose. You 04.
wry, riot now, without risk of personal &stager, sse.ernMe to co
ullt ur to signify your wishes ; If you could, 1 wouid sari
respect. against law irroccedings, fur the followiug amongst ma
rerbally, oilier aeaaons :
its alum pir„i. The proceedings su'irlit easily be protracted for
years, at an tumorous expense to you or me, whilst the if
of Cul- would probably forni-h means to defend the Sheriff.
in both Secondly, It tout he recollected that Juries are Belt
trable to by Sheriffs, and they have not lately beets in the It,
trying conatttuti.wil questions, and to foresaw!' at
bject are any Judge in his old age, would be altogether 41. r
r, which Suppose some sly lawyer was to make the followirs,
ties, and how could 1 rebut it:—" Either Lord Cloueorry
tied. or a bed 111111-11 the former, it WD‘ right of thu
on front twirl' him nut of a troublesome world—if the left.
'intro of be fits dory to ~ret• the wet Id from him." I re.
-

PE

F.,.

f

t

1

...

,

PARIS PAPERS.

stbriebtio sots and is a ewe. tittroder, sad the defendaht
sae seeptitted.
111"17, to Whit ss action, ober* 11 feel do personal anger,
and have 'offered so ornate injury, 'mad he a Action so-
worthy of roe, is such ease I ehoold brat attack the uffie.-r,
• who ia all probability was salsify mcnorant of she civil
effesee of which he wait moilly, and who 'book! only have
bees trial by Court-martial fur breach of military duty, if be
acted cart wry to the printed order frost the Adjiltani-Ge.
_

tginesilr, to whom I feel pest and Malin ohligatren for
his candid that 40, sod whose sole wish mos probably to
recommesel Nesse!, to theme is power, is Mash he meow Sit
befillifeteded. 1 had no motive or interest vshniever in the
lbsohosst. motet yaw onJlod ma to the Asir; t theta acted is
safest of the lows mod the constitutins wideness any per.
most feeling. The Address or the itmendasest was indef.
hermit tome; • to the knee, if it recommended • chance of
Misistry,l inold most remodel, have objected, for 1 thick
that Lett's/hot nod Mr. Gram bare acted with wheedler!:
110, homospity sod mildews,. The torsion abuse the moan.'
Irsl Itf. tiat frniser, and absolutely revile the latter. 1. titers.
r.we Mel soartel far Meth, thowsle it has not' bees augeneotol
by *air sulked and hasty complaisance to site Sherilf and
hN supplies".

Deraimomse—lf any sithject *Ter called for Parliamentary
itderfereado, this sierc:y dorti. At Maischerter the people
homolog coiled thentreives together, the affidasits laid before
she 111ogisirates furnished grounds fur ordering the ;Houle
to disperse, and io,date time to arrest sod hind user the re-
fractory ; ost we brisk legally Resembled nithio the walls
of the Courthouse, to attack us was unjustifiable even
by the wont laws permed in the wont times. It is true there
.WllB no .order—dhooks to your (oust Tense and firmness.
Grostiessen, these farcical addresses ate as great au insult
to the Sovereign as to the peoples—they lead him into error,
whilst they make politteisos of moldier/ and of otk es, little
Ink/nested is the 'Miele a the country. An Address is
now Isawkiow shoot to the cabins of Kildare, gut up as
follows is—The Magistrates were calkd together under the
PRlntlatiett Act ; OW. more limo eight or woe attended, and
there WIMP ems three who had • thoissand • year in oho
rooms,: Aker the hosinam for which they hail assembled
had keen diapered of, sad some of the Magid, airs had gone
away, the Altus was proposed. tYhat title limy will
gist to the elFtadus• of their lolany I don't know. Some
other Sot-dime** fixed on the Christmas recess as the bloat
else to cation the Dublin Society for a similar purpose, Is
if sock • thing could be utanisary from such a body, ur at
if any Irishintio could be suspected of want of gratitude of
attachment use Stnurespo who in skewed more kindness
snot affeetiou to this country than any King recorded in ?Oh
tory, and who will make us a happy sod united people if the
fact' be put down.
hope that if he be 'Mowed to come amongst us, we will
strew that warm-hearted devotion for which Irishmen have
evrr bean remarkable—that we will express to him the un-
bolted aid invaluable sentiment of a people who would
stand by Mier in the hoer of sank, 'bee the traders in loyalty
would skulk into boles 'odour/6er..
It is those traders who have reduced this Sue empire into
• worse stole Mom could have done the most inveterate ene-
thy, if he had hel'd military perversion for the sense length of
tome—a Motu from *Mole it can only be relieved by ussani.
miry inattopl the people, sail by a thortnigh Returns.
Your faithful Friend, CLONCURRY.
IMPERIAL PARLI4MENT.
HOUSE OF COMMONS, SATURDAY, 110 ton 17.
The SPBAKER took the Chair at a quarter before
four.
The Report of the Interchange of Grain Bill was
received, the resolution was agreed to, and • Bill
was ordered pursuant thereto.
The House went into a Committee on the Mu-
tiny Bill.
Lord PAL MERSTON said there were no alterations
im the Bill of last Session. except • few verbal
ones. The several clauses were then agreed to, end
the Report was ordered to be derived on Mondey.
The Marine Mutiny Bill went through it Com-
mittee.— Report on Monday.
Mr. Vl' A L LACE moved for returns of the number
of ships and men tmployed in the northern trade,
also for an account of the value of produce of Pros-
Pia, Norway, Sweden, and Denmark, imported
during the last year.—Ordere.l.
The Committee on the India Piize Money Bill
was postponed to Tuesday.
Adjourned to Monday.

POREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

PARIS, MARCH 15•

The annexed Bulletin has just been made public.
To the accounts it contains, the following facts have
transpired, which were announced by ass express
arrived this day from Milan, viz. that all is ready
there to receive the Constitutional Sardinian troops,
and that in fact the Austrian authority is already
overthrown there; that many officers of the Imperial
army are arrested fur having refused to march, sod
unimifested revolutionary dispositions.

The Funds have fallen to-day to 81 fr. 30 c. and
the exchange tea. declining at the close. .
The return of De Cares to the Ministry is much
spoktn of.
bastasd or

this moment, sad that all lialy will be
than ten tat s.. 1 .
The news of these events. hes produced
eat 'coalition at Paris; the Ultras ore in
complite despondency. All eyes are tI
wards Deupheue, and towards Lyons.

The nuteessent at Twirl was calculated to break--
out ow the 15th, and soot before, but the arreit.l
hastened it by live days.
The new* of the revolution. in Piedmont was
communicated to the Chamber of Commerce late
last night. It is becoming general, and extending
over all Loashardy, so that even the Austrian
officers, who were asarchiog with reluctance, have
declared that they will not proceed any farther
against Naples, and declare for the constitutional
system.
The Emperor of Raysia is recalled to his domi-
nions by reasons of the greatest importance.
News is this lint:out received from Lisbon that
the Constitution of the Cortes hats been published
at Bahia in Brazil.
Oti the other baud, we hear that the Committee
on the Budget has the interation to refuse its assent
to the law on the finances unless• 15 'millions of
reales are created to indemnify the emigrants, and
eight millions more for the clergy, which would be
augmented by four great Episcopal Sees.
A commercial courier, who lift Naples on the
7th, and passed through the position of both ar-
mies, says that no hostilities had taken place os late
us the 6th, but it was supposed the advanced punts
would meet the following day.
VENICE. MARCH 3.
PROCLAMATION.
News has been received from Naples that the
Neapolitan Government has placed under sequel-
tion all the Austrian ships in the different ports of
that kingdom.
Although the Austrian Government does not con-
sider itself in any manner in u state of war with the
Neapolitan Government, sievrrtheless, to guarantee
as much as awl* i• our power the property of
Austrian urvigeturs; we are compelled to have re-
course to reprisals, and therefore ordain that the
Neapolitan vessels ill sour ports be put under seques-
tration.

FLORENCR. WAOCH 3.
(SXTRACT OF A PRIVATZ LETTSII-1

The Aubtriiin army ha• made some movements
in advance, sithout having experienced the smallest
revistssier. The division of Stutterheins his passed
the Tiber at Poute-Molle. and 'occupied Tivoli
and Vid-Mtnitone on tire lit March. These posi-

nom' cover the city of Rome.
The vanguard of the centre, under the orders
of Count Walmoden, occupied Rieti on the 27th
ult. The division under Prince Wiedrunkel ar-
rived the Mille day at Teri and at Narni. That
of the Prince of Hesse-Hoinhourg is arrived at
Spoleto ; and the reae►ve, commanded by Baron
Lcederer, was at Futter), ready to advance on
Spoleto.
Thus the array aki►ts the Abruzzi, and appears
to be on the point of ',wenn those provinces. It
extends by echelons over a line of about thirty
leagues.
. . .

The Neapolitan troops who had occupied the
defiles of Rieti and Terni. so well known fur their
difficulty of approach, and who had pushed on
some corps as far as Megbawl, Otricoll, Cesi,
Terni, and Pesaro, have them. without
striking u blow, behind their own frontiers. it
appears that they have retrograded as for as Aquila,
and that they will take post behind iliedefensive
line. which exists& from Pescara to Terracina and
Feuds.
NAPLES, FEBRUARY 27.
NATIONAL PARLIAMENT.
SITTING OF THE
The Minister for Foreign Affairs tionstuitted to
the Parliament 150 copies of the Manifesto issued
by the Geverument against the Inv:pion of the king-
dom.

S. *mom read a motion for requesting the
Prince Regent to remain near the Parliament, fair
the purpose of giving his sanction to the itecreer ;

loud to the frontiers, the boltsliotts or Farther
Colabria are embarking in reveal!". whiab:have been
wont fur them from ibe.port of Messina, in order
to arrive thirst intake ptevesee'af the enemy.
The Cep ism er sr, with two frigates and
• corvette, haven to ogled thignitis the Strait. It is
mid they ore to cruise hi the Adriatic.
Four thousand men, port of the garrison of Pa-
know,

hare arrived in this city. There is on rea-
son to fear that the tranquillity of Sicily will he
rtulaagered by their re►norsl.

MADRID, MARCH 6.
The Ministers newly nominated by the King up_
pear to be much approved by the friends of the
Constitution. The most perfect tranquillity reigns
in this capital.
ft (BY EXPRESR)
PARIS, MARCH 16.

The Mortiierr of this day contains no new•
from Italy of a later date than has already ap-
peared, nor any new intelligence from that country.
TRENCH ►UNDS, **RCN 15.
Fire per Cent. Con, of September 22, 1820, shot of
85 f. 45 e. ; sf March 22, 1881. trassfersble the 27th olitto.
81 f. 75 c. 81 CB5 e. 50, 40, 30, 40, 50, 60. Actions of
the Banker Freeee, January I, 1821, 1,260 1.

MAN! FAST()
OF THE GOVERNMENT OF THE TWO SICILIES.

..----...,WM...

N&PLU, VIIBRUARY tB.

The Constitutional Government of the Two Siciliesi
against which the Congress at Laybach has fulminated its
austheasn, while if prepares to repel the most violent ag-
gressint of which history has ever made mention, desires also
to appeal to the onetime of Europe and of ■II civilised na-
titans, and that every one nary equally judge on which side is
'reason, and on which sole is injustice in the war, which,
after five years of peace, is ening to break out in um .
happy Italy. The
,o,,,riiiitessi ower it to itself to make
kuowu all the particular. which hare conilticityl it to the
political signally° in which it is at this moment placed.
The whets of the people of the Two Sieilies, the degree of
civilisation to which it has attained, had called fur many
years for a change in the iuteroal system of the State. At
the beginning of July, 1820; the comititntion of Spain was
deinaaded by the unanimous voice of the nation. The
King adhered to it, saving the modifications proposed by
the Repreuentalivre of the nation, who were convoked prin-
cipally fur this purpose, with the obligation to respect the
bats of the new social compact. O❑ the 15th of the same
nson th his Majesty swore to observe it before the Provi-
sional Junta; and on the 10th the King made an officis
communication of it to all the Fureigu Powers with whom
Ile was on terms of friesidship.

Ever since their first movement, the spirit of moderation
a scrapulona regard to the indepentkace of institutions,
and the rights of other nations, have formed she rule of the
conduct of the Neapolitan Government. It pluckinsed
these maxims before the whole world, when it refused to in.
lesfere in the &fairs of Seneverio and Polite Corvo, which
had called far its ialerfereace. Europe cannot doubt of the
sincere desire of the Government to live its peace and good
understanding wish all others, if it examines, without par-
tiality, the conduct observed towards Austria. Scarcely
was the form of our political regime chauged, when the first
thought of the Court of Naples was to assure the Cabinet
of Vienna that such a change could not in any meaner im-
pair the situation of friendship and alliance existing be-
tween the two Stases. The first overtures having heti. 'e-
jected, she King, setting aside all resentment, repeal's! his
assurances, sent Ambassadors, and in short attempted all
paeans of amicable communication—but all wee in vain.
No much harshness on the part of Austria was returned at
Naples by the greatest respect to the Legation, the Consuls,
and all the subjects of Austri.s.

Nevertheless the Court of Vienna., constantly alleging that
our political reform " shook the foundations of the social
edifice, that it proclaimed anarchy as a law, that it menaced
tha safety of thrones, and that of recogrised institutions
and the tranquillity of nations," urged with precipitation
the most extraoidinary preparations of war io the Italian
States, increased the garrisons of Ferrari, Placentia, and
Cionsmaechio, and salicited all the Powers of Europe to de.
slave against the Neapolitan Government, nut to receive its
Ministers, and to break off all commituication with it.

His Majesty then ordered the Duke de Campo Miro, his
Secretary of State, Minister for Foreign Affairr, to deigned
of that Court, in his name, a categorical explanation of
these extraordinary armaments, and of the attitude %bids
it assumed towards us; bat this Note, sent for that pur-
pose to Prince Metternich, the tery day when the King, on
opening the first Session of the National Parliament, re-
armed is the midst of it the oath to maintain the Con•
titration—this N, ,hich all the •+atr''a dilected

%tapelitaa teerilory, moless the order de thinfltitellalllabird
slate tie eth July be immediate') aladeeheel, esti that. even
if this Sp°IaMINIPUSIS submisilna took place, tint anti would
still penetrate into the kiogdons to maintaia the new order
of thins whisk it has iulrnded to eatabli.li dole.
It was then that his Royal Righoras gave to the diploma-
.•

tic aslcitta those noble ausiatera whscis, after basin swesesi
their atistiratton and respect, produced in the Parliament
an enthusiasts which has comostroicsied itself to the hearts
of all the Neapolitans. Every lowly now knows that our
maguanintous Prince would out determine on any thing sill
be had eonsultril the Deputies of the nation to whom he

communicated three proposals, that they might take such a
resolution as was most suitable in the difficult situation iu
which the mon .reliy was placed as to himself, faithful to
his galley he peotestert that he would share the fate of the
nation, from which be never could have separated himself.
The Extraordinary Parliament being then convoked, de.
elated in the memorable eating of the lbth, that it was not
able to consent to any of the proposals; that it considered
his Msjesty as under iot ; that during such a state
of things his Royal Highness the Duke of Calabria should
continue to exercise the Regency ; and lastly, that all mea-
sures should he taken fur the safety of the State.
Public opinion had already anticipated these determina-
lions. The Prince Regent, bound by a sacred oath to main-
tain the Constitution, which is now fundamental law of mo-
narchy, has sanctioned them: I.e has thought he should lbws
best NM the duties imposed upon him, as much toward, the
nation whose definitot are confided to him, as towards the
King, his august father, whose interest canoed be separattd
from that of his people.

Meantime, hostile to the social compact which, by the
beneficence of our Kiag, forms the palladium of the r•o-
-earthy of the Two Sicilits, Ihe Court of Vienna pretends to
abolish it, because a nation regenerated to liberty and inde-
pendence does nut yield to its will; it has employed every
means to make it believed that the interest of its polity is
that of Europe, and has sworn utterly to overturn all our
internal organisations. Already its troops are advancing
for this purpose towards the national frontiers, already the
sword is stained with blood, and menaces Europe with a
war which has no parallel, directed against constitutional
ideas and the independence of ■atiear.
It could nut have been feared that those same armies
whit Is were united a short time ago in the name of social
order to deliver Europe from oppression, would march
against a nation %Moll cannot be reproached with any in-
fractions of the law of nations, and which, without exciting
trouble,/ among any of its neighbours, without effending le-
gitimacy, and even professing the most respectful veneration
fur its Sovereign and his august dynasty, is perseveringly
engaged in ainelioratiug its internal administration. The
Powerrof the second rank must see in what happen► to the
kingdom of Naples the imminent danger which threatens them.
On the day when our cause shall be rated, the independence,
the liberty of Europe will abase the same fate. But a cause
protected by justice and public opinion, a cause which inte-
teats all wise Governments, and all nations who feel their
Monty, a cause which will be defended by the whole nation,
whose wishes have expressed themselves on this occasion
with such unanimity, such • cause must triumph. Despair
will combat against force : he who defends the constitu-
tional laws sad indepeudeace of the country, be who elm-
bats the foreigner who comes to rub him of the beg,
and to tread the second under foot, is not always the weakest.
The Neapolitan Ouvereisein, though it has provoked we
one, themes it has opposed the uoble attitude of moderation
to the multiplied outrages which have been lavished upon it
by those who conspired its ruin, is now attacked by an Aut.
Irian army which pretends to impose laws upon it; but
soiree neither Russian nor Prussian troops are marching
towards our frontiers, it is only to the Austrian Goverment
we are obliged to oppose the resistance which our own de-
fence requires. However, his Royal Highness Ratters him-
self that the august Monarchs assembled at Lnyb•e4
sieving the noble feeling. which unite the inhabitants of
the Two &ether, and their unanimous determinations to de-
fend the liberties and the honour of their nation, will
renounce their prejudices, and will leave at peace a ge-
nerunto people, who desire only to enjoy the benefits of
its new political system under the protection of the con-
stitutional awl legitimate throne; a people which, during a
Period of seven months, has sheen, that noble attitude and that
respect to the King mid to the Royal Family, winch have made
Europe judge it to be worthy of liberty; ■ people, in flue,
which, taking nu share in the afairs of other nations, have
surely a right to expect that nu one should interfere in its
coucerns. His floy•I Highness also Salters himself that all
the other Powers of Europe, not concerned in the present
contest, will contribute by their persuasion and good offices
to put an end to the disasters iniwhich the scourge of war,
ready to fall upon our country, threatens to involve hums-
tiny. If the fire is kindled iu the South of the Italian Penin-
sula, who is there that muet not fear the consequences and
who con say where its dreadful ravages will stop?
If unhappily a war of extermivatiou cannot be avoided, the
Prince Regent and his august brother will place themselves
at the head of the Neapolitan army, and will combat with it
to the last extremity against the foreign invasion, invoking
protects in-
n/justice,

.iigzq
1 .1 l. I 4.....•

in Piedmont ; end so ardent was the zeal of the
troops to effect their purpose of affording succour to
their distressed brrthrra in the south of Italy, that a
body of 5,000 mea, under the command of Prince
CARIOMASO, immediately marched against Milan,
the chief mast of the Austrian power io hely,
which they were expected to reach ou the Itith.—
The temper and feeling of the Milanese were known
to be so perfectly in unison with the spirit of the
Piedmontete army, that every assistance was anti.
cif:nasal hum the inhabitants in expelling from
their city the tyrants who have so long taught them
the bitterness of slavery. The revolt of the Pied-
►moutese army is said to have been expedited by
unforeseen circumstances, such as the arrest of some
principsl officers some days sooner than liad been
originally intended. It had been prepared for some
time, and is supposed to have formed part of a
scheme for striking • general and concurrent blow et
the Austrian power iu every part of Italy. We may
hope, therefore, to hear of a general insurrection

in all the northern parts of that fine country.
The revolutionary spirit is said also, in accounts
from Paris, to have extended to HOW!, ■nd that
the POPE, awure of the imminent danger that
threatened his power, had made arrangements fur
leaving Rome, and flying fur shelter to Toulon.
This flight, however, was prevented, and inisnr-
ances were made to his Holiness that his spiri-
tual power and the inviolability of his personal secu-
rity should be respected. His army, we ennui-
pate, will declare against the invaders, and join•
either with the Piedmontese army or with the Nea-
politan corps under General CACRASCOSt. The
Piedmontese army, gathe►ing strength no doubt as
it advances towards the scene of action in the south,
will operate a must beneficial relief to the Neapo-
litans, with it will place the Austrians in a most
dangerous state, cutting oil• its retreat, and
placing it between two forces, each of considerable
magnitude. Previous to this revolt of the Piedmon-
tese army, the Neapolitans, pursuing the defensive
system which had been previously resolved on, had
determined, it is said, to leave the extreme frontier
exposed to the invaders, and occupy in a connected
line that formidable position extending from Ter-
racial* u•,on the one side, to Pescara upon the
Adriatic. This probably will no longer be consi-
dered net essary ; for the Austrians, under Fat-
MOST, must fi►ll back when they lean► the state of
the northern provinces of the Peninsula, yet the
retreat will be almost as dangerous as an advance.

Genoa is also said to be revolutionised, and
asauredly Venice cannot fait to take advantage
of the faveurabLe moment that seems to promise the
re-establishment of its former independence. A.
report prevailed in Paris that even Austrian Offi—
cers, animated by the spirit that breathed around
them, have refused to march against Naples, and
have declared themselves friends to the coustitu.
t lonia system.
The Emperor of Russia is recalled to his own '
dominions by affairs of the greatest importance, but
we are not informed as to their nature.

In another part of our Paper will be found a copy
of the Manifesto published by the Neapolitan
Government, in answer to the Declaration of the
Austrians and the Allied Powers. It le • Imo-
iterate and candid statement of the principles that
governed tl►e revolution, and confines itself to de-
tending alert justifying the conduct of the Neapo-
litans, without unnecessarily charging the Allied
Powers with the injustice and cruelty of their pro-
ceedings. The perusal of this document must, in one
opinion, contribute very much to increase in the
public mind respect for the principles and actions of.
the Neapolitans, and sympathy for their unmerited
sufferings. With these feelings are necessarily asso-
ciated detestation for their vindictive assailants, and
a fervent hope that this crime of attacking an un-
offending people will bring with it its own punish-
ment, in the total overthrow of the Austrian power
within the Italian Peninsula.

Spanish papers arrived last night with intelli-
gence from Madrid to the 6th instant. Thatcapital
continued to enjoy tranquillity. The new Ministry
appears to have given general satisfaction.

A Flinders mail arrived last night with papers
from Brussels to the 17th inst. They state under
the head of Munich, that orders have been issued
to accelerate the conscription throughout the king-
dom of Bavaria,
.but that this measure is generally
considered as merely one of precaution.

r — " Note, it which all the accusations directed —7,-- - ,
ei, t.at ~ d !be ani or the bums rue Arbiter of Empires, who protects in-
' Au Ambassador Courier is setting off this morn- and that he should not expose himself ote the Iron- °- • ....., •genre from Madrid to the 6th instant. Thatcapital
#"' • notes' oar I...the° reform were I. ll".''', reeene " noureure and right, and punishes abuses of force, isjustice, log at half-past five o'clock, p. ns.continued to enjoy tranquillity. The new Ministry
i i'-' tiers, or repair thither, except to emanate the troops, answer.
and oppression.
The funds are at 81 fr. 10 c.
and to return immediately. The newton was sup. lu the iatevval, the Sovereigns of Austria, Russia, and
....-•
BULLETIN...-
1 1 1., 13 R I'll Sli I.llt ES'S. A Flanders mail arrived last night with papers
It has been impassible for the Government longer edporitieydsb,y4aservteiriai,l
wDheopoittiii,res,,,mbeit.
tvhealiteintle:ttilynooptiseetos. Pruvtia met nit Truppau with their Pleuipoirntiiasries,
iand
~ _
4,
those of Fraser sod Euplaisc. -the
ff.o4l..je,epft of that nii,c,..ed mitt I
- from Brussels to the 17th inst. They state under
to conceal the events at Turio, of which it received of the prerogatives of Parliament to limo the will — ---
~ •
maltwas t
ti. take
.lla
initeo
heil:ati
Majestyt li 0 let heKai 0 g
to repair to Laybach,
the head of Munich, that orders have been issued
i-uformation by a telegraphic dispatch, of hint to whom the constitution had coefided the so operate %%lib the Allied Sovereigns on "ihe means of LON DON, to accelerate the conscription throughout the !ling-
.\
, \ it was nit the 10th that the garrison of Alexan- supreme command of the um), The mulium was ',mediating the, interests and tke,happiness of his people
but that this measure is generally
dria;10,000 strung, irroclaimed the Spanish Con- referred toe Committee. teak the deficit which itself were called upon to fulfil MONDAY, MARCH 19, 1821. dam of Bavaria, i
;• ' aiitniion. At this runs the King of Sardinia wished Many off. r; of voluntary aid were read at this lowords their own States, and towards the world."
_.—......-- _ .. considered as merely one of ptecaution.
to . ammreh ti.e troops Ilial were at Tulin. but they filling. Among them was one r,„,„ sin actor ma Idnjesty accepted a mission, which was proposed IMPORTANT NLIVS FROM ITALY.
Saturday morning the Hyperion frigate, Captain
..___.
. Irisin the Isamu of a tutelary Alliance, solely destined to Wi•lkitt• er!"11.:, " lAe Constitution of the Cortes named Calvarota, of the Theatre Sail Carlos, who tu'
.. . . .
tee the political independerice of all Suites. The Par-
•s, der ewer ! " Tile Prieto of Carignan and the Gene- tendered to the State the amount of the receipts rii:nr:::, .„ The Paris Papers of the 15th in.f. have arrived at T. Saaaut, C.B. arrived at Portsmouth from tie
'willed to She (separator of the S..veriitn, and our office, linie,,ring intelligence bout Italy of the South Seas, after a very short passage of ninety-six
tal tr3illamser were rent to Alexandria, but un their at his benefit, to take place on the s,th att.rit, cud ' Shwa refuting the calumnies spread respecting the slate of . importuner.- ,
111,hr:4 'l lir troops of the King of days from Callao, having on board specie to the
'tribal Atte cried," The Constitution of Me Corte whiele was expected to produce not less than 1,800 constraim in which the Krug was supposed Su be, it sewed r'
SARDINIA throughout all Piedmont have sansei_ fir ever /" and placed themselves at the head of or .2,000 ducats. The offer was accepted with the confidesice which it placed in its almost defender. lie amount of 500,000/. belonging to British mew-
V
mously proclaimed the Constitution of the Corte,, cheats. She did not full in with any vessel fur six
' 1 • the movement. li. this crisis, the King of Sardinia
thought to calm the ferment by altering to grant honourable mesoion.
Among the letters addressed to the Parlament, departed,in fact, attended by the prayers of the 11114111.4 but
salreirly has he 'seised at La)bach, when he is deprived of and declared their deterinioation to assist the people weeks, nor see laud after having Callao until she
the Minister whom 'mina 1,,,,,,zhi wilt him, and them, defied of Nat'l• s against the Aitairian 'ovarian'. This glo.. armed °lithe Lizard. The intelligence she tiring. h
r the French chatter. bat it 6111 been refused. All : several were noticed signed by A notiians and Prue-
with talisman.. oar, .0 obi, ~. .., 1 '
. .
4.0 garn.sons to-Piedmont have followed the example it„„ti, oblige """ to 're to I" Inn" rams reculutwo commenced oa the 10'11 or this respecting the operatton. of Lord COCHRANE and
dote, sad in the tisoltut measures ahead', misdeed at Trim-
.,
II
• "; that of Alexandria.- We have detain information
the Prince of Carignan and General Gißrenger,
e head of Y 5,000, hare marched for Milan, mid
lieted that they woulJ enter that city this day,.
IliSafelk \ .--
elict.W.s'ewlstrith.Alltat the Chevalier de Medici he at- this /Dl* paarea.h.Aillielsaillee wrens he employs to avert fortune month with she garitrusi ui Alessandriu, eunwstiog Central SAN MARTIN against Lima, is such as to
of 10,000 nine The Kiln; of SARDINIA, laming lead to a cositident expectation that long ere this
. .
rived at Keane. end that he has frequeeit colder- it was then that tha,aitied powers oeseroated at Laybach to cheek the •ernent of this body of his troops, the capital of Peru has fallen into their possession.
Canktfilval Genoa' rt.
The Gentle{ entmeandiug the sth military twoohiechaeaatinat the Kingdom or the Two Sicilian resolution. commended the garrison of' Tinto to match egaitilit SAN NI A ITS N had taken up such a position, within
the inmost would be imposed after a great num- them ; hut the Lime spirit :manatee' every corps, send about 16 wiles of the place, as enabled him to cut
iil ir cry of the Piedniontese mops if ItOt Only dicisiOn, c posed of
.Calebri ins, i,ji, addr,,..ed !bar of victories upon n vammtglied and 611101101 1,71ii011.
the gunroom of Twits refused to obey the orders of off moot of the supplies. and where he haul been
. fl " Vice fa Constitution !" at also that of .11 energetic Preclantatsots to the people el those The Eons of Russia and Prossin and the Charge d'Affaires
of Amara!, einsimanicated them 'ln his Royal Iligliness the , joined
their KING, Awl OP r d their coineeirience in the by numerous parties of deserters from the
to Ilse Airs:riots!" 11 countries. They refer all under arm., Bud IS wattle
t (tumbled that Genoa i. tituttottel at several battslions of Hither Calabria repair
by hPis thatrinceß an egeriit on the 9th of this month, and deciaNlud . . seatiments of the garrison of Alessandria. This ex- Royalists, includiog most part of the regiment of
Austria. army would advance to occupy the ample was subsequently followed by every garrison . Nuniatitia, which had marched across the country
..;,
4,,,„„
1
