SPLENDID ENORA`I'INOS, COPPERPLATES, AND
ORIOINAIr DRAWINOS, AT PARIS.
NATI'RDAV. April 3, 11121.
THE MAGNIFICENT COLLECTION of that
SPLENDID SERIES of ENGRAVINGS, entitled the
31INEE KOVAL, (mains two large volumes, in folio,
with a/I the ORIOINAL DRAWINOS, C4)PPERPLAVEtI7
and LETTER-I'IOAS, will take place at PARIS, on SATUR-
DAY, the 341 or April, in consequence of the death atom: of the
Prnrieten.
Every particular respecting the Copies of the 311 'SEE for Sale,
respecting the Original !hawing% the Copperplates, and rt,pect-
ing the mode of payment, may he obtained from :Heroin.
Cockspur-street ; or Alr. k:VA NS, 93, Pall.mall ;
where a printed Prospectus of the particulars of the Sale may be
had, and a Copy of the Work may be seen.
TO CIIINAMEN, PRIVATE FANIILIES, HOTEL,
TAVERN. AND COFFEE-111/USK KEEPERS.
Hy HAYDON and 11101IINHOTHAM.
At their Egyptian Rooms, IVelbeek.street, Cavendish-square,
TO-111011 ROW. March 23, and Followiqg I,tays, at I o'clock,
A LARGE. CONSIGNMENT of TEA, DINNER,
it and DESSERT SERVWES, of CHINA, IRON-
STONE, and EARTHENWARE, some Ornamental Jars, and
Toilet Seta, which wiU be sold without reserve.

- In 11118 . . 20.000
1321 . - -24.0 ext
. 11422 - - - 24.5010
-
1823 - . 24.117 n
. 11t21 . . JP OW
Such was the rapid increase of arrivals, notwi!nssanding all tip de.
clarnation which had been urged egainst the Alien Act. N. lens
than 13.110 aliens hail arrived within the last year, so that 1 Must
be evident the Alien Bill did not opaare as en thelorion 'n
strangers., nor did it rove ou- want of tortake English hospital ty;
the argument was equally untruej that they were excluded from
the hospitality of the ormutry. Another objection made to tit"
measure was, that It was liable to abuse, as. of neceissity, its cue-
cation must be entrusted N rulaedinate other's. Ile bad niece
heard any complaint made •utal die MI ise this bead, but he
=whinges* to gserdaipinst this ahme r oath hr had no
in corning forward aid. allethalliffi as illeaftere Of ;hate,
that the execution of this measure neither was see %Mold he
kept in the hands of subordinate officers. And he worth, also
state, on the same responsibility of his situation, that there Were
no steps taken with regard to any Individuals unde- this law for the
last ten years, except such as were rendered necessary upon public
grounds (heart, awn public principles, and on constitutionnl rat.
sons. He did not think this a sullic:mt argument for passing the
Bill. Ile admitted that the fact of abuses not hieing proved, • was
not a sufficient argument for passing a Bill which camaided new
and novel doctrines. which were different from the principles and tins
habits of English law. It should also be proved, that the BilLllllo4
rendered neeessary, and that the benefits to be desired from it
would more than countervail site partial injuries it would inflict.
There was another okeetion to the measure ; he meant the power
which it allowed of sending from the country aliens who had long
resided in it, and thus the law would have the Wee of breaking
in upon ties and connexions which had been long finned.
The strength of this argument lie acknowledged. Ile did not
think it nee-scary to extend the powers of the Act to those alms
who ',hewed the intention of taking up a long residence in
the country. Poe this pan of the Bill he promised a remedy, and
would exempt from the opera( in of the measure all those who Lad
resided in the country !or the space of seven yearn, and who by such
a residence gave a decided and convincing proof that they did not
tome to the cottony merely. for a temporary object. He was ready
to admit, that the reasoning in favour of this measure was most
convincing. It was not necessary to proceed against or to cwt by
those persona who, from a long residenct in the country, were et..
guainted with its manners, customs, and lama as by those inch-
viduals who had but newly strived, and were not acquainted with
its regulations. By this alteration he would, if he were allowed.
exempt front the operation of the law not Ins than tea thousand
individuals at once, few the number of aliens miding in this country
under these circumstances may be computed at this number. This
was a most important alteration in the Bill, and its introduetiou
would, he ousted, serve to anew tint it was erroneous to imagine
that the passing of this Bill was with a view, an the part of his
Majesty's Ministers, to pores themselves of power, or to be owing
to any improper motive; he therefore hoped this *lteration wOulti
remove one objection to the Bill. The other objection, effecting
the h-spitality of the country, the argument was not eanalueive,
the, notwithstanding the pommy of this law, no alien would be de-
plete' of that refuge shish this counter stflirded, and wtheita Pie
thanked God. she would be still able to afford, and width, ft it
vas suggested to him by the Han. Member opposite, was noweens
darted necessary by the troubles in other countries, and into which
he did not feel it necessary for him to make any inquiry. As to
ilw question which he had beard asked, What denier wen is be
expected from aliens in the aruntry ? he anthemd it woe diffieuit
Ice tepees; any exact pmpeddesi on the subject ; it was diem& to
Mule what precise degree of danger was as be appeehinded
Mom the sheos in the , _ but he Mt juidlied is
ag, that if the power required was Ma FNMA ID his
y's Ministers. from the .aumber of pewees atemeserd-
to the country...from, as it was ebearea, the'fteglift amiss
three months would scarcely ban Well eke ft, whet tho
would have to lament deeply the non-enactment of the wa-
fture, and would have to vest Government with powers of a mut:::
' Niece move and vigorous description than the Aet at present pru.
tided. There were at present twenty-six thousand live hundred
aliens in England; of those not fewer than twenty thousand were
residents of London . • and the number of them was much increased
by the troubles in their own countries. They had increased ore
thousand three hundred during the course of the last year. It WWI
net nessmary to the support of his argument, nor did he propose
M mike nee of any expression which could prove, by any peas.
bllity, offensive to the most sedan lovers of liberty; still less wart
it his intention to press noon the individuals who were the subject
of this discussion, but it was allowable for him to suppose that
they were persons of ardent dispositions, and acting under the hi-
puke of excited passions and feelings, inflamed by the injor.es
which they either had, or supposed they had received a and dies
had none to this country for an asylum, which England, lie was
rejoiced to state, was able to grant them, and which she wadi
continue to grant them, as long as they behaved theenselm
with romances and propriety. Was it, he would ask. unrems
sonable to say to them pawns. " We give you an asylum—Mill
cooler upon you the blessings of peace and repose; grant these
hi/swinge to us also?" This country was. front its insular situation,
the peculiar nature of its institutions, and from many other mem.
the best adapted of ell to give facilities to persons who might reel
disposed to enter into machinations against their own erovernmears.
And it sou not right to sufho the march of this country to the eta.
vantages of tranquillity and peace, to be obstructed and impeded by
those patens who were conspiring against their own governments.
It was not right to milt" the repose of the country to be dieturbed
by them. If these acts were allowed. this country could net be
said to be a mere place of refuge, or to be throwing the shield of its
protection over than, but it would be giving an opportunity to
these persons, if the moven claimed by his Iliejesty's nlinisters
were not admitted, and indeed en all persons who fancied then'.
selves the redeemers of the errors and grievances of gtsn umosts,
under the pretence of using our friendship and hoopita it y. to make
attempts upon the dependencies of other countnes. And thus the
country would be selected for the purpose of planning operations
against the colonial governments of other countries, and in the
heart of London machinations might be carried on against these
distant colonies. Ile would maintain, it was not in the least norm-
Ratable to deny persons of this description an asylum in this coun-
try. Circumstances had lately taken place in England which war-
ranted the use of these expressions ; machinations and con-
spiracies had been carried on, in the very town, for the
purpose of disturbing the peace and tranquillity of the de-
pendencies of certain mother countries with which this country
was at peace. When he was apprised of the fact. lie and softie
of those with whom he had the honour to act took the oppor-
tunity of seeing the parties. The powers vetted by the law were
not exercised against them ; the parties had warning of these
powers ; the penalty inflicted upon them was not heavy ; they were
reminded, that by the conditions of the Act in furor they were al.
lowed to avail themselves of this country as an asylum, but thry
should not be suffered t• violate the sanctuary of he tranquillity
and peace. He would reminddhe Home, that the pace and Iran.
quillity of the country were not to be put in tosnroution with the
irwonveniencks gathered by a few private individuals; and it the
application of Ministers to the Howe were not deemed unreason-
able and improper, be would not reply to other arguments or atude
toother topics. Ile would therefore propose, that the dunmon of
this Bill be limited to two tears, and dot the Bill be adopted fur
that period ; and he would introduce the most important amend-
ment that auk, in his opinion, be suggested, that these
foreigners who resided in this country for sena years should be
exempt from the operation ofrim law. He trusted, when the present
state of things la Europe, effis.the increased number of strangem
who resorted to this money for the last year, were taken into con-
sideration, it would appear likely that the march of the country to
peace and tranquillity would be damyed, if there were awe a
power of removing those aliens who did not demean thieftelres
with cormates mad propriety by those amens with whew war:
at amity. Ile trusted there was nothing in the vigilanee used by the
Government for the two dart years which should render the Him,
unwilling to give his Majesty's Ministers those powers which tbey
already possessed.
Upon the question being put—
Mr.
lit )Hhlt)LtSE said, he hoped the Honor weold coodeseted
to bestow upon him some ponies of that indulgence which tic
Right Ilan. Gentleman had dammed at their hands, for going. as
that Right Hon. Gentleman felt himself to go, over old mount,
and for discussing topics which hal teen otter. before the Home.
Before he entered upon any reply to the speech of the Right Hon.
Ge-tletnan, !lemon take the liberty of stating to the House those
objections with which he bad troubled diem two years burface—ot-
jections which had been advanced by every Member of the.;
!louse. and by every
.person throughout the country, aim gave the
most decided opposition to this ear: rabic Bill. It was opposed by
every person who may be fairly Whet' on as the guardians ni pub-
lic character and honour. It had received the decidosi 1774113W11.1
of those individuals who were mob:tined ui be hest sego:vaned outs
what Wt. MOM conducive to the character and tumour of tins
country. The Right lion. Gentleman toll them he an afraid they
would he wearied and worn out by the hearing of tactic arguments,
which they had trout:Mlle heard before. tome the subject before the
House. It was not more natural for the lien. Members at the
opposite side to be wearied and worn not by th- recurrence Ut them
arguments, than it was for him and the Hen. • -tends around boa,
to he wearied by what they knew to be the homeless defence of the
ConstitutionaiW laws of the country (beer); for hopeless he bored

Mr. PE CI, suggested that, as another notice uas to be brought
nn, perhaps the Noble Lord would agree to the Chairman's report-
ing progress and asking leave to sit again, which, after a few words
from lord Althorp, was acceded to.
The Chairman reported progress, and asked leave to sit again this
day.

PRINTING THE SUPERANNUATION ACCOUriTS.
Earl GROSVENOR, in reference to the papers pte.ented by
Mr. Adrian. relative to the Superannuation. in several Piddle
I►epartment., observed that the accounts were of great importatte,
and he should move that they be Eilted.—Onlered—Adjourned.
HOUSE 1)F COMMO-741-,—TutsnAy, MARCH 23.

The SPCA kill( took the Cbair at a quarter befompur o'clock,
when lie was summoned by the Deputy l'sher of the Black Rod to
attend the Bat d the Howe el bur*, to bear the Royal Assent
given to several public and private Bills. On his return he informed
the Ileum of the names of the Bills te which the Royal Assent had
been so given.
Mr. Adrian, from the Treasury, presented several annual ac-
counts.

THAMES IVA TER3IEN.
Mr. T. WIIMENI presented a petition from the watermen at the
Iron Bridge Stairs, praying that the Bill now before the !louse, fur
erecting a suspension-bridge across the bridge, might nut pass into
a law.—laid on the table.
NEORO

May be —;ieired the day previous, and rimming.' or Sale, and
Catalogue had at the Rooms.
N.ll. Money advanced by 11. and 11. on Alanufactured Gonda
and Ilouselnikl Furniture eonaigned to them Me immediate sale;
and Fur: . i ttt re bought by them at a liberal price.

Sir C. BURRELL presented • petition from the town of Lewes
against negro slavery.—Ordered to lie on the table.
Similar petitions were presented fmm Penrith and Ileistone,. by
Lord Lowther; from Fulkstone, by Sir E. Knatrlibull ; from
sherborne and lienge, by Mr. W. Morton Pitt ; from Brentfoni and
Hendon, by Sir J. Graham; from Pocklington, by Mr. Sikes;
from I iakham, by Sir D. ileathcote ; from Berwick-upon-Tweed,
by Sir F. Blake; from Fulby, by Sir W. Ingilby ; from the mi.
miters, elders, and deacons of the Scotch Church of Well-street,
Mary.ls-bonne ; and from Brecon, by Mr. flume, who stated, that
it was his intention, on the first open day, to bring forward a motion
on the subject of negro slavery, in order to pledge the House not to
proceed to the emancipation of the negro slaves in any manner that
might comprornise or violate the rights or property of their owners.
Vicious as lie admitted the system in be, it ought still to be remem-
bered, that it did not originate with the present proprietors of slaves,
and therefore the House should be cautious before it proceeded to
acts that might almost be said to be equivalent to robbery and in-
justice. (Hear, hear.) Ile thought that the unfortunate holders
of this property the called them unfortunate, from their connexion
with such a system), should be legislated for and protected by the
the House as much as if they were letrislating for the holders of the
public debt; and he therefore hopedthat no law would be enacted
that di I not regard this, and afford an ample compensation to such
as would otherwise be losers. lie conceived that the means of
doing such an act of justice were perfectly feasible; and he had no
doubt but that he should be enabled so to convince the (louse
wben he brought the subject forward.—The petitions were all
ordered to lie on the table.
FREE3IASONS IN IRELAND.

BOOKS PUBLISHED.
Just published, In small Ave. As. hoards,
j EAVES from a JOURNAL, ; or, Sketches of Rambles
I in NORTII BRITAIN and IRELAND.
By ANDREW BDIEI4IW,
Itledfaecl, Massachusseits.
Published by Oliver and Boyd, Edinburgh ; and O. and W. B.
Whittaker, London.

Thin day. Awn. Sa. lid. Second Edition, with an Appendix,
THE VAGRANT ACT, in relation to the Liberty of
the Subject.
Printed fat John Alurray, Albemarle.atreet.

On Saturday the 27th of March will bepubli.hcd, printed uniformly
with the former Volume, with 13 Maps, &c. and Ni finished En-
gravings by Finden, after Drawings of the most Intenuting Sub-
jects, 13T Captain Lyon. Ma. 41. 14a. M.
III'ItNAL of a SECOND VOYAGE for the DIS-
C, l'lllV IMP of • NORTH-WEST PASSAGE from the
Atlantic to the Pacific, performed in the Yeas, 11121.22-Z3, in his
Majesty's Ships Vary and Heels, under the Omen of
Captain WILLIAM EDWARD PARRY, R.N.
Printing for Jelin Murray, Albemarle-street.

This day is published, handsomely printed in quarto, prier 31. Ss'
in boards; a few Copies on Imperial Paper, price 41. 14s. 6d. ;
the Third Volume of
IL1A11.1.;DONIA ; or an Account, Historical and 'folio-
/ graphic, of North Britain, from the moot ancient tu the pre-
sent tune.

Sir C. 8t.11114.1.L presented • petition from the freemasons of
Tymne, preying that freammonry in Ireland might derive the same
protection from Parliament ea freemasonry in England.—Laid on
the table.

fie tiEORtiE CIIALMERS, F.R.S. and S.A.
Printed for T. Catlell, in the Strand; and A. Constable and Co.
Edinburgh.

EXCISE LICENCES.

BURN'S ECCLESIASTICAL LAW.
This day is published, in four rots Svcs, price 31. 3a. in boards
dedicated, by permission, to the Right Hon. Lord Stowell, a
New Edition of
ECCLESIASTICAL LAW. By RICIIARD
IL BURN L. 1.1). Chancellor of the Diocese of Carlisle, and
Author of " The Office and Duty of • Justice of the Peace."
The Eighth Edition corrected. with eniutideraWe additioes
By ROBERT PHILIP
Of the Middle Temple.
Printed for T. Cadell t F. C. and J. Rirington c J. Butterworth
and bon ; and Longman, Hues Rees, Dime, Drown, and (learn.

lined LOWTUER presented • petition from the licensed victu-
allers of Kendal against the Erase Licences.
Similar Petitions were presented from a parish in Suffolk, by Sir
W. Rowley ; from Orcenwlch, by Sir K. Knatehbull t rind front
Oakinghato, by Sir O. Beatheote.—Ordered to lie on the table.
INSOLVENT DEBTORS ACT.
klr. 11. SIJMNER ed a petition hom Surrey against the
Insolvent Debtors' Hi to lie on the table.
OAMK LAWS.
Sly. JA Egebid, *kip Irsiihr is heard aped*. from a par.
see of sane won _ Mr. Was. , praying Mt the House
would not create any new ape-elated property in game. The peti.
timer stated, that he observed, by the provisions of the Act, that all
sorts of game, even rabbits, were *winded ; there was only one ex-
ception. via. the wild goose (laughteer ; this omission, he suppored,
was nut of compliment to Shakspeare, who had said, " The wild
goose want aloft, unclaimed by any man." The petitioner not
only prayed that so unjust and arbitrary • measure might nor pass
into a law, but that the House might undergo • speedy and radical
reform. I laughter.
Ale. S. WORTLEY said, it happened rather unfortunately for
the statement of the petitioner, that the Bill contained no provision
relative to rabbits.

Mr. JAMES observed that the petition was drawn up before
the Act was amended. (A laugh.)--Ordered tone on the table, and
to be printed.

COAL DUTIES.

l';nlnnel VANE presentidtuo petitions from I.gme•Regie and
Chardlnuth, against the duties on corda.—_lltid on the table.

DUTIES ON WOOL.

Mr. BURNELL presented a petition from Steyning, in the
county of Sussex, praying that no alteration might take place in
the duties on foreign wool.—Laid on the table.
DUTIES t►N TALLOW CANDLES.

Mr. hi KEN }resented a petition from the corporation of candle.
makers of Edinburgh, against the duty on tallow candles.--Laid on
the table.
REPEAL OF THE ASSESSED TAXES.
. ...

31r. C. CA IN Elt I' presented a petition from the parish of St.
St. I Haves, Southwark, praying fir the speedy and total repeal or
nuslitiestion of the assessed taxes, their operation liebig built partial
and oppressire—laid on the table.
PROJECTED NEW DOCKS.
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a petition from the watemien
at the Iron Bridge Stairs against the eonstrucion of ducks at St.
Catherine's.—Lail on the table.

CAI'TI,E
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a petition from the inhabitants
of Smithfield in favour of the Cruelty to Cattle on the
table.

SAI.3ION
Mr. K. DOlitilrAS presented s petition from Dumfries, pray-
ing the House to aftind facilities for the increase of the salmon
fishery.—Laid an the table.

ANI) NOT.tRIES.
Mr. K. Ilt)1161.AS iiresented a petition from the notaries of
Dumfries, praying the House to reduce the duties on licences to
writers to act as notaries.

The MO) Al/VirIE,ITE presented a similar petition from
the writers in Ayr.—Laid on the table.
EOM RI NATION LA 11'S.
Mr. 110BHOUSE presented a petition signed by 1,956 journey.
men carpenters of Westminster and Southwark, against the com-
bination laws.
Mr. 111 HIIIOI'SE presented a similar petition from the jour-
neymen hoot and shoe makers of Mingam
Mr. HUM!: presented a similar petition from the joumrymcn
boot and shoe makers of Montrone-
Referred to Artisans' Committee.
TITHE BILL.
Mr. S. It 11'.1.: presented • petitioss from the parish of Knockgraf-
ton, sgainsttheTitheeommiitatiaw

.
..--) . Per Cent
.
• / ./
-
-,--#". /..--... e
i '.. %4 ' 4
, I/ •/(f) /
,4./ ,
le ff id /7
i1.,,,T...-4. " "140) 7/ 4/ •i • 01/ t. .e", 1e- 1---- , /1.1 ,-.. ...-e!..,41.ne.€,,7"..
/ • •
. W 400.-,• \
... . . .
:!c• -- 4.-•-• :701. -17 f 0
t.-
' •.. ,- ' .47 ... s - -' `-'':'-'
--...._.,
+
. _ ,•-• .* •c. ''' Az. ; 4;.
t 'ill
‘ _
..._ . t lIN' L N 1 It I/Ctil A
• '
--...".........„................ ........ • -
11
L( )N
I )(
)N ,
WEI)N 14, SI )AY, NI AIIC I I 44 ...' . , . 1'4.4 .-1 .
Ilri cc 7d. 1
~......
',wee, at th,
gave dit
-d. and di. r
-twined the
`lt vim dn.
Nrly let tr.,
-e Mr. it.. il
N, of the 1 •
aind dm.
tided the ,
-of thAr d,
Art ruii,
meaUhlt of I,
toile or tc. i
•hiert ; Ut,.
4ed admit.
anyltint .
-IL tilt% ,
11, t. f
10
4
I :II
IP,
! 1 i
• ~$
i 1
I 1
. 1
;
i
