FROM LIA/VD'S LIST.

FALMOUTH, FED• 28.—Arrived, the Aurora, Thornback, from
Trieste--sailed 2.5 th December ; Lucretia, Kraft, from Copas-
hapn ; %Valderas, Torsen, front Arurdattl. Sailed, the John,
Vs alters ; Dorothy, Sutton ; and Charles, Walker, for Charente;
Jane, Avery ; and Rising Sun, Budd, fur Si. Michael's.
I PLYMOUTH. FED. 2n.—.tnrived the Ceres, Ash, from Mar-
seilles. Passed by. the Atlantic. from Cadiz.
Pon TSMOU TH. FEB. 27.—The Hun. Company 's ships Can-
ming. Esti of lialcarras, and DuMm, from the Downs for India.
ac. passed by the Isle of Wight, all well. Sidled the Hopewell,
Smith, for Jamaica ; Caroline, !limit, for Batavia; and West
Indian, Cook, for Antiaua.
COWED, FED. 27.--Ssiled the Orpheus, Findlay, for the Isle of
Crones.

HEAL, Frs. 27.—Arrived, the Frau Sophie, Orloan', for Ham-
burgh. Renisics, his Itlaie+ty's ship Ramifies.
R•MSCATE. F,:s. 27.—The True Blue, James, from London,
got on chore on the Quanis this afternoon, but was assisted off by
a hoar from hence, and proceeded without damage. The Magnet,
Garwood, of Philadelphia, remains in the harbour to be ducked,
being leaky.
l;awvesrsn, Ft: rrived, the Maria, Relin, from Ham-
burgh ; Strait' Iternstoff. Lange, trim Norway ; Fortuna, Rees,
from Norway; Jonge Hendrick, Scalps, from Antwerp; Liberty,
Aldridge. from Antwerp; Prow Margaret' Barker, from Emden;
and Ann, Richardson, fromlemcl. Sailed, the Henry and .t4rah,
Bartlett. for Pernambuco; and Frederick, O'Hara, cue Gibraltar
and Cadiz.
E n coo r., Fr s. 26.—Arrived.the Mount Wollaston, Frances,
from New Orleans; Guechon, from Havre. Sailed, the
John, Dawson, for ltahia ; Wanderer, Warren, for Valparaiso ;
Fame, Gibh, for Oporto ; and David, Richards, for Newfoutid-
land.

NORTH SotErns, FED. 26.—The Waterhouse, Carter, from
London, in col glut° this harbour last night, gut upon the Herd
Sand, but was assisted off by the life-bust, and brought in. This
looming it blows strong gales from E. and E.N.E.
ST Rom ar Esn, FEB. 19 —The sloop .lane, White, from Belfast,
to Wyk, missed stays in Noy Sound, 17th hist. and went en share.
Crew, cargo, and materiels saved.
thexoA, FEB. 14.—1 t is reported that the Mayflower, from
Vamiouth to this place, has bore up for 31arseilles, in distress.
VESSELS SPOKFIC WITU.—The AleDißdtf, LlVe.' 001 for
Philadelphia, 15th Feb. lat. 48. long. 11; and on the 19th, off
Cape Clear, the George, Liverpool, for Pernambuco, by the Mount
Wollaston, arrived at Liverpool.
The Romulus, %Vilberfurce, from Blyth to London, was car-
ried into Harwich, yesterday, leaky, having been on 11rborough
Sand. . .

The ketch Barbara an i Janney, P. O'Connor, master (supposed
from Irvine, with coals). was (moils, Inst on Friday se'nnight, ou
Holy-Bunter Ruck. near Crantield Paint, at the entrance of Newry
Harbour. It is conjectures! that all on board must have perished,
aa there are no tidings of any one having been saved. Reports are
in circulation of other shipwrecks on that coast ; but no autbentie
accounts have yet been received by the Surveyor.
VIll4;IN ROCKS.-- The exister.ce of these rocks being doubted
by some, and their situation not being very generally known, it
may be important to masters ot vessels trading to Newfoundland,
to quote the following letter, addressed by Arthur Kemp, master of
the brig Indiana, of Dartmouth. to the publisher of the New-
fossadlwed Gozrite:—" On the 23d of (ktober, I oa, at meridian,
I left Cape Broyle, Aker a strong gale from S. E. with the wind at
. steering S.E. by S. The following morning, at 8 a. irn.
having run 84 miles, I was alarmed with the cries of " Breakers
a-heed !" and almost immediately saw them to such an alarming
extent aaobliged me to alter the course from S.E. by S. to E. by N.
it not being possible to clear than on the other tack. After giving
I the breakers a gond birth, and leaving them to the southward,
distant four miles. I hove the main top-sail to the mast, and lay by
from ten o'clock till meridian, and observed in lat 44. 23. Inn.
MI. 51. the extent of breakers appeared to be about two miles, and
were more tremendously alarno.ng than I have ever experienced
during. 23 years that I have (chicly in this trade) commands(' a
vessel. '

purity;" and " sweet Anne Page," with her spirit of gen-
tleness— they must all depend upon bravura for applause,
and they must learn to administer wurytone capricuiu for
the especial astonishment of the audience. The merit of'
having discovered the deficiencies of Shakspeare, and the We understand that it is the intention of Government to
nice capacities of modern organization, must he shared be- send out another expedition to attack Algiers, should the
tweet, two congenial souls, Messrs. Reynolds and Bishop. Dey persist in violating the Treaty which he made with
Covent-garden had the honour of the filet victory over Lend Exmouth, by which he agreed to abolish Christian
Shakspeare and nature. Drury-lane, in the performance slavery for ever. For this purpose s bomb-vessels are or-
of Saturday night, has followed the example and with si- dered to he prepared fur sea; two of which, the Terror,at this
miler success, for it would argue a degree of unattainable port, and the Infernal, at Deptford, will he commissioned
stupidity to fail where Reynolds and Bishop had succeeded. in a few days. ('apt. A. I). Y. Arbuthnot (now in the
So The Met ry Wires if Windsor must be made subser- Redwing) is appointed to command the Terror, and ('apt.
vient to the vile taste of the day, and. the snug figure of 4VilliatusSaneloin, the Infernal. The Ranger, 24, ('apt. I'.
Miss Puvey must be a qualification becoming the repro- Fisher. sailed few this port, on Sunday, and the Active, 46,
Anise
sentative of Page, for the young lady can sing Capt. A. King, on Tuesday, from Plymouth, to protect the
"an it were a sucking dove." For the amiable purpose British trade in the tut of Gibraltar; and the Pan-
of reconciling the audience to the daughter, Miss ('ubitt dora, Is, Captain W. Gordon, sailed on Thursday for Fah
was clothed with maternal honours, and to do her justice, mouth, to convoy any vessels which may have collected
she looked the character; and Miss Stephens as Forirar at that port, bound to the Mcsliterranean. A ship of war
wife, with most appropriate suspicion. proposed a question will be appointed for the same service every fortniOtt.
to Mrs. Pug-c, the solution of which had long puzzled that until affairs are adjusted with the Dry. The Lively fri-
portion of the audience who were ready to give Sir J.',, gate, Captain W. Elliott, C.ll. is ordered from Chatham
Fulstolf credit for ordinary discernment. " What does he to this part and Algiers.---i'ortamouth Paper.
take us for?" There is an artlessness in Miss Stephens's It is rather a remarkable circunistance, that ten Admirals
manner, and of that it might have br.in the effect, but she have died every year during the last ten ye ars.—lfootpshire
seemed to say, " Ile surely cannot take us for The Merry Telegraph.
Wires ni. Windsor ?" In Oxiierry's performance of Justice One of the great gates of the' City of Vienna is called the
Shallow there was nothing remarkable', exeept that the Scottish-gate, in memory of a bold achievement performed
actor was late in one of the scenes, and, as happens in such ' by the troops of that nation.
cases, the punctual people of the pit were displeased. 'The The following interesting works have been just pub-
performer, however, with peculiar dexterity, shifted the re- halted by Mr. Colhurn, New Burlingtots-street ; viz.—
sponsibility to the call-lane, and, as Ctubbe would phrase it, I. 'The Life and Tines of Selvator Rosa, by Lady Morgan.
the buy was not culled before the audience. Wallack 2 vols. svo.-2. The History of the Commonwealth of
played ?link. His scene, as Muster Brooks, with England, by William Gmlwin, svo.-3. The Private Cor-
Fulstoff; was in the most 'hushed style of successful respondence of the poet r 'metier with several of his inti-
flattery. The purse seemed unnecessary to his triumph, mate Friends, 2 vols. sect. ; and Sayings and Doings, or
though it met with • favourable reception from the tAetehes from Life, iu 3 sots.

LAW LV77LLEGENCE.

COURT OF CHANCERY, SATURDAY, Few. 11
I Second Seal after Tam.]
PRACTICE OF THE COI'RT.

A motion of tittle public interest being before the Court,
The L.I II CHANCELLOR took that opportunity of statlngo
that it had been sail by some eme out of doors that the signature
of Counsel should be required to motions made in this Court.and
before the Matter of the Rolls. He was desirous that it shook)
be known what the unifitrui practice had been on this subject.
ki 'lawyer motions had been made before himself, or the Moon
of the Rolls, if there had been any mistake committed. Counsel
were at liberty to move again, lie had now sat in this Court toe
a great number of years, and that practice had been maintained
ever since he had presided ; he felt, therefore, that he had no
right to as the King's subjecis in this manner. Ilia Lordslelit
then proceeded :--- It has been supposed that I have heard se.
hearings and appeals on new it idekce. It is an utter falsehoOd.
On re-neant..gs it had bee t aka), the practice to read the evi-
dence on thefts! produced in the Court below, whether read St
not by Judge or C:minsel. Upon appeals nothing is read but alias
was actually read in the Court below ; that practice has obtained
ever since I knelt this Court, .tnd I never have departed from itid
any one is ilientlee.en with gowns on their backs should
take care at less. that they arc axurate in their statements, and it
is their business, if it is any one's, to be just."
Mr. Aota n.ade some remarks in tproeal of his Lordship"!
°lsm ations respecting the signature of Counsel.
The Loam Cita xi. E ttbit.—`• And yet the public are Infonaut&
that the signature of Counsel is absolutely necessary by Acrof
Parliament."

COftST V.
Mr. Sitanwrt. a. read the order which had been d awp Mtilt
Master's office, appointing a Receiver to the CO,ini
tie. He wished some variation to be made in the older with Rs-
; spect to the current expenses.
Mr. 1111 ART objected to any alteration in the order, as he kb
convinced the only object was perm ponement. •
Mr. Sitsnwrt.i. as.ured the Court that he had no such In.
• tention. The variation had not been proposed by the parties, but
by himself, supposing the alteration would be beneficial id all
parties.
The Lo*n enswt.r Lion refused at the present 111001111lete Try
the order as drawn up in the Master's Ohitce. If any alteration
' were necessary, it might be made on Tuesday.
COURT OF KING'S RENCII, SATUILDAY, Fas.ll.

OILL V. CrIIITT.
I This was an actitin brought by the plaintiff upon a bill of Esehastr
for 7M. accepted by 3lessrs. Cubitt and Co., builders, of Gray •-
Inn-lane, drawn and indorsed by Mr. Everett.—lt appeared Irma
the evidence in this cause, that the bill in question, after being
indite ed by Mr. Everett, was transmitted to a currespendest is
Itirminghem, by the ordinary coach . • the parcel appearec", bow-
ever. toilette bean opened on the way, and the hill stolen therefrom.
I As luickly as ptrat,ibl:• after the robbery, the bill was taken to Mr.
lial s di•tomoting-house, and lx fore any notice could Aare been
given of the lova. it was there discounted in the usual way. The
Berk proved that it was tendered by a man whose tace h knew as
a bill-broker, but with whose address he wall unacquainted. pal-
mate was resisted by the acceptors, Messrs. Cubitt, when the bill
became due, on the ground that it bad been stolen, acid that the
discount was not a Imola firk transaction. )11r. Gill, it appeared.
had made inquiry at a banker's before the discount, and ascer-
mined the validity of the names on the bill, but did not make any
specific inquiry from the party bringing it, as to his mode of ob-
taining the primeasion. Mr. Everett, immediately upon ascertain-
ing the robbery in the transfer, advertised the lost. in the public
papers; but in the intermediate time and before the publication.
the discount had been eflected in the manner already mentioned.
Mr. SCARLETT, tic the defendant. contended, that through
the want of caution and neglect of the discounter, he had fore-.
. gone any claim he might otherwise have had for recovering the
r amount of the bill ; fc here it seemed a discount-shop was opened,
which, doubtless, without meaning to invite the commission of
fraud, held out an inducement to depredators, without the Imo
I possible risk In getting rid of the amount of their plunder.
Mr. Gnaw re, in reply, ennterded for the bowl Ads discount
of the bill, and ridiculed the idea that a banker or a bill-broker
was bound to ascertain the identical party *he brought any bit
to his shop. It was quite enough for them to ascertain the trait-
. dity of the name. inscribed upon the hill ; otherwise the banking
business of this great commercial country could never be car-
ried on.

The Coin" JrIIT ice, in charging the Juty, said, that this was
an action upon a hill of exchange, drawn by Mr. Everett, and in-
dorsed by hun. It war transmitted in • parcel by the coach, to
Birmingham. but a discovery was made that the bill so transmitted
had been stolen is trwalita. The plaintiff, whose trade it was to
discount bills, had discounted it et the usual rate of interest, and
the question ter the Jury to consider, was—did the plaintiff take
this bill under circumstnnces which ought to hate excited his sus-
picion, or did lie conduct his business in such a way as to expose
himself to that sort of suspicion which was raised In this case ? If
he did, then their verdict ought to be for the defendant; it he did
not, then they ought to find for the tilaintitt: Front the evidence,
thee, appeared nothing upon the face of the bill calculated to excite
particular suspicion; but then what ass the plaintiff's general
mode of conducting his business ? It appeared to be his practice
merely to leak to the names on the bills uttered to him for discount,
and if they were tebdered by • person whose name and sdtir is
were unknown, merely to be satisfied with the general knowledge
of the features of the individual, and to consider that a sufficient
responsibility and security for his toes "dr ponsession of the bill
which he intended to discount. There was no imputation upon
Mr. Gill ; but this sort of irregularity ought not to be tolerated.
Now what would ti.e Jury think, if, to passing the Royal Ex-
change, they saw is board up with these words—o Bills of all kinds
discounted without having good and valid names thereon, and no
questions asked respecting the persons presenting them?' He was
sure they would, on wring such • notification, say_" this nay
he a very honest man, hut his mode of conducting business is a
very insecure stud unaitisfac my one, and holds out fiailities for
fraudulent possessors of property to dispose of it with little risk."'
The Jury were at the saute Moe, in considering this qu.stion, to
take care, on the one hand, that is this watt commercial country.
where so much of its busine•• was transacted through the medium
of paper currency, they threw no undue impeditne it in the way of
that species of pecuniary 6n:oboist.); on the other hard, they
were bound to take care that the business of traders was so carried
on us to afford no encouragement for the more easily ge.iing rid of
property fiaudulontly acquired. He left the case eutiuely tOr the
consideration of the Jury, who would, as commercial men, dispose
of it according to their view of all the circumstances.
The Jury retired to consider their verdict, and, after half an
hour's consideration, found Mr the dependant.
