PERPETUAL ADVOWSON

SALES BY ABCTION.

NORFOLK.STIUJNT, STRAND.
. Exultant Modern Furniture, Chimney Glares, I.:..gt.nt firician
Chi:tacit!? tier -4111 lights, Fine Toned Grand risioterte, by
Stodart, large size 31aps or the Citp.ef.,Londo3 arid Wesur.inster,
fine Paintings, a capital Double Barrelled Gan, Pistols, Library
Table*, Liner, Wass, Cbina, Rooks, valuable i,:unting.h.inse
Fixtures, a beautiful Stained Vilma Gotbic Jczecii, H feet b► 4 a
Conservatory, sod eitfocia.

By Mr. MILLS.
THIS DAY, and TO-MORROW, at Eleven &Civic each day,
on fiat premises. No. 10, Norfolk-street, Strand, by direc-
tion of the Assignee of Mr. John Kinnear, a Bankrupt.
THE Excellent 11101)1ERN HOUSEHOLD FUR-
NITURE sod EFFECTS, new wahine fa months, com-
prising mahogany four-post and French Mae. with chintz
Furniture" goose feather Beds, Mattresses and I Mg, capital
mahogany %Wardrobes, chests of Drawers, Dressing 'tends and
Glasses, splendid suit of Certain' for four windows, tri mil with
rich bullion fringe, and gilt Comical, beautiful rosewood arid oak
Loo and Sofa Tables, Chauficoneers, noble large size Chimney
Glasses, elegant Cut Glue Chandelier fur eight lights, five sets of
elegant moreen dining-room Curtains, trimmed with bullion fringe,
set of capital mahogany Dialog Tilts handsome Pedestal Side-
board, fart long, sets of ahabagiriry Ilrawhar and Dining Room
Chairs, Bayer ditto, fine old Paintings. including the Adniation,
capital Library Tables, large size Btussels Carpets, Stair ditto.
China, Linen, 4.:01 Glass, elegant Hall Lamps, Counting-house
Desk*. severalPrase', Oil Chubs, Kitt-hew Requisites and Efforts :
also some Valuable Fixture; of the BankineOlfices, including.
capital mahogany top counter, about fifteen feet long, Pulpit oil
four-nap desks, the erection of capital iron Repository, an olegaot
stained Glass Gothic Screen, sight tact by five, a Conservatory,
du fte.

To be eh:wedeln the see. when Cato Mons may be had at six.
pence each, of Messrs. Knight and Figgie, Bminghathstroec on
the premises; and of Mr. Mills, Chapel-place, Pisulrry.

TO BOOKSELLERS, PUBLISHERS, Ope.
The Rev. C. C. Colton's valuable Copyrights and dtereotype
Plates.
By Mr. MILLS,
On WEDNESDAY. October 6, 1821, at Twelve o'Cloek, at the
Auction Mart, by directions of the Assignee of the 1t.,. C. C.
Colson, A.M. late Fellow of the King's College, Cambridge, a
Bmkrupt, without reserve,
THE VALUABLE COPYRIGHTS, with the STE-
REOTYPE PLATES, to the following Works. publi .hed
in two volumes, viz. :—" Limn, or many Things in a few Words,
addressed to those who think." " Remarks on the Talents of Lad
Byroo, and the Tendencies of Don Juan." " The Conflagration
of Moscow, a Poem."
The Stereotype Plates may be viewed previous to the Sale, at
Mr. Mills's omoes, 4, Chapcl-place, Poultry, where Catalogues
may be had ; also may be viewed, en the mornings of sale, at the

hioif SATURDAY NIGHTS GAZETTE.

Forefirs tyke, Octobo-11. 11121.
The King haabeen pleased to appoint George Wilinen
Chad. Ksq. (now Secretary to his Majesty's Embus! at
the Court of the Netherlimas), to be his Majesty's Miois-
ter Plenipotentiary to the King of Saxony.
The isaigjaas also been pleased to appoint Christi s
Townshend Barnard, 51.-uaixtreretary to his Majesty's
Legation at the Court of Saxony.
The King Nur also been pleased to appoint it,akv
Sruipe Douglas, Esq. (now Secretary to his Majesty's Le-
gatfbn to tIL: Court of the Two Swains), to be beietary to
his Majesty's Embassy at the Court of the Netherlands.
The King has also bcen pleased to appoint Gibbs Craw-
ford Antroliii,, Esq. (now %es:renal, to his Majesty's LeCx-
tion at the Court of Sardinia), to be Secretary to his Mas•
jesty's Legation at the Court of the Two Sicihes.

.
.1. Slillar4,Chtarside, litert-draper, BANK ItUPTSto*der. October 9, 13.
and Nereather 13, a: eleven, at the Ban Cain. Solicitor,
Mr. 11. ity, Addle-street, Alderrnanbury.
T. Burgess, fti,tingbourne. Kent, bsnker, October 3, 13, and
November IS, at twelve, at the Bankrupt. Court. Solicitor., Mr.
Nelson, Kroetrattect, Strard ; and Mr. Wm. Jeffery., Favenharn.
T. Loud aud T. Burgess, Slttilvgbourne, Kent, banana, October
'l, 16, and November 13, at twelve, at the Binkrupt.' Court. Sa-
bena., Mr. E. Irriden, Licuolt.'s-Inn-fields ; and Nears. Scud.-
more and Wilde.. Alaidstone.
0. Burgers and E. Burivo, 31aid.store and hittingbaurne, Kent,
miler.,
October 3, 16. and November 13, at twelve, a: the Bank-
rums' Court. Solicitors, Mr. Nelon, Fovea-street, Strand ; and
Sir. Wm. Jeff rya, Faversham. •
J. Stubba;Hadlowatreet, Bartels-crescent. wine-merchant, Ik.
totes 3, 16, and November 13, at ten, at the Bankrupts' Court. So-
licitor, Mr. U'illett,lreet.street, Strand.'
J, O. Lowman. Erailonl-street, nary-la-bonne, grocer, Octoltior
9, 30, and November 13, at ten, ore the Bankrupts' Court. Solici-
tors, Messrs. Green and A.huret, Sambrook-court, Buinghall-
street.

--- C. Goodenough. Fleet.atreet, baker. October 9.110., and Nemec'.
btr IS. at ten, at the Bankrupts Court. baluster, 31r. C. SreTeMl,
New Inn.

Acton-Green, Middlames, bookseller, °noir:" 5,
and November 13, at twelve, et the Bankrupts' Court. Solicitor,
Mr. Brookes, Sput-atreet, Leicmter-squire.
J. Bell, Manchester, dialer in coma twist, October 13, 19, and
November 13, at two, at the Star Inn, Manchester. Solicitors, Mr.
I Norris, John-street, Bedford-rim ; and 'Mr. Rymer, Exchange_
stmt, Manchester.
J. Wilkins, Warminster, corn-factor, October 22, arid No.
%umber 13, at eleven, at the Bath Arms lan, Warminster. Soil.
chars, Messrs. G. and W. Helder, Clement's-Inn.
J. Walker, Illandiester' corn-dealer, October la, 16, and No.
vember 13, at use, at the Dog Tavern, Manchestec So!icitora,
Messrs. Adlingtoo, Gregory, and Fmilkuer, Bedford-row ; and
Maas. Claye and Thompson, St. Mary's-gate, Manchester.

DIVIDENDS.
October 30. I. Pallier., London-street, Fenchurc.h-street, mer-
chant, at twelve, at tit': Bankrupts! Court.
October 25. E. Tye, Saxon, Suffolk, farmer, at eleven, r the
Thies Tuns Inn, Yoxford.
October 23. H. Taylor, Sidney-place, Commercial mad, 111•VCT-
mariner, at eleven, at the Bankrupts' Court.
October 23. T. Frealiy, Acum, Middlesex, baker, at eleven, at
the Bankrupts Court.
October 23. S. llould, Laytonstone, Essex, butcher, at ten, at
the Bankrupts' Court.

October 23. T. Frost, Little Titchfield-street, and Little Port-
land-street, coach-maker, at ten, at the Bankrupts' Court.
October Z. T. Elliott and S. Hillock, Northampton, boot and
shoe-manufacturers, at eleven. at the Bankrupts Court.
October 22. J. Salter and J. Foster, Kings:on, brewers, a: ten,
at the Bankrupts' Court. "
October 25..1. T. Middleton, Stone, Stafford, coach proprietor,
at eleven, at the office of 31emrs. Wheatley and Barlow, Stone.
October Z. S. Brown and T. 11. Scott, St. Mary-hill, mer-
chants, at twelve, at the Bankrupts' Court.
October 30. 11. Langborti and W. Ikailsford, Iluclaersbury,
merchants, at eleven, at the Bankrupts' Court.
November 2. J. Iluckmatta and W. Bocinnaster, Old Bone-
street, army-clothiers, at ten, at the Bankrupts' Court.
October 26. T. White, Briocklow, Warwick, innhulder, at 12,
at the George Inn, Rugby.
October 25. T. Butbery, Wooiaton, Wardick, Faster, at Eleven,
at the George Inn, Rugby.
October 25. SC. Sidebettom, Staylsy.lltidge, Lancaster, castor..
spinner, at three, at the Star Inn, Manchester.
October Z. 0. Sulford, Seven-Dials-yard, Bath, cotrown.mr-
rise, at eleven, at the Castle and Ball Inn, Bath.
October 23. 3!. W. Persent St. James-walk, Clerkenwell, table
cover-manufacturer, at ten, at the Bankrupts' Court.
October 23. J. SloggeU, jun. Bath, hosier, at one, at the Con—
roe:dal Rooms, Bristol.
C ERT 1.2 ICA TES.-0c TOf a 23.
E. Hale, West Worldhaas, Sohthanipton, dealer in cattle.—T.
Gibbons, llolywcll.street, torenger.--N. L. Kentish, Wane heste:,
land.aurveyor.—S. Eaton and T. Eaton, Sheffield, cutlers.
O. Souther-, Canterbury, grocer—W. Luton, 'Bristol, saddler.

PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED.
C. F. Costa and A. Oasparoni, Regent-Quadrant, Piccadilly.
picture.derdefs.—J. Stapler and T. Ginger. Dolly's Chop-house,
Queen's Ilead-pfssage..—W. Wilson, W. Hardisty, and B. Wil.
son Liverpool and Buenos Arcs, as far as rmaids R. Wilson.—.
J. Mills and .1. Chessman., Mit,4l-street, and Paradise-Count,.
Brighton, coal.merchants.—A. Watts and I. dreams. ShetSchi,
edgetool-manufaeturers.—J. V. Little and W. H. Mackey, 144,2-
ford, Wilts, and Bath, solicitan.—J. C. Lyons and S. J. Sylvester.
Amsternam.—N. Dcnnys and J. Sheppard, Savage-gardens. wine-
merchants.—T. Firth and R. Langley, Orford-street, perfumers.
—A. Illemore, n. and H. S. Leashes, rilerchants.—.7. Bridgn
and J. Quilter, Red Lion-square, solicitors.—M. Taylor and' .
Taylor, Ifewo;th-Shore, Durham, earthenware-manufacturers.—
J. Lawson and J. Lawson, Beeston and Cork, hosiers.—b.
forth and S. Rogers, Burslem, Sutton', potters.—R. Morris and
J. H. Kenny. South Sea Chambers, merchants—J. Doughty aid
C. 0. Doughty, 13:ockdish, Norfolk, tanners...s. Smith, W.
.1. Hill, and R. Hill. Manchester, linen-merchants, as far as regards
R. 11111.--M. !fumble and W. Hurry, Liverpool, ship-builders.—
W. Mason and G. T. Elgin, Creseent-place, New Bridge-street,
solicitors.

The average price of Brown or Muscovado Sept, computed
from the Returns made in the week ending the 29th day of Sept.
1824, is 2Ds. ilfd. per hundred weight, exclusive of the duties of
Customs paid or payable thereon on the luipoetatioo thereof into
Oreat Britain.

Average price of Corn from the Returns receives! in the Week
ending Sept. 25, la t.
Wheat. I Barley. hats.l Rye. I Beans. Pct.
s. d. s. d. s. d. s. d. s. d. s. d.
55 2 33 1 2l 5 31 8 36 10 35 3

SPORTING IA TEI.LIGENCE.

THE RI?1G.

Barney Aaror, in an elegant epistle to Dick Curtis (pugilints of
late seem more KA IiJUS to write thin fight) skis, .• I wish to a: fmui
Dick Curtis that I am neither asleep wor loot in a fig. but tibia• to
get clear of it time toough for him. My friends will wait tdl
Monday night, the nth instant, to make a deposit of 25 guineas
towards the completion of RM. If Mr. Curtis (10(41 not accept of
thin, I must think he is chaffing. and afraid to fight. Remember
Ido not write front idleness. hut utcan fighting."
Aletander Reed consents to meet Bishop Sharp in two mnnths,
for 501. aside.-11111 Savage chalk:ages A. Reed In two umiths. for
251.

Jones, the sailor boy, politely informs Goodman. the t htl•ti
snip, that he is ready to make a &posit to try his luck with hun for

Jack Lenney, under data of October, says..--" I wish to inform
Mr. Jones (the sailor boy))rliat I am ready to tight him Out twenty_
tire sovereigns in six 'eels from the date hereof."
James Taylor will accommodate Game any time he pro.
per for N. or 101.

FATAL ACCIDENT.—On Tuesday last a dreltift:l acci-
dent happened inMosley-street, Manchester. The servant
of Mr. Benton, of St. Ann's-square, was drivir,g, in hip
muter's gig, Mrs. Harrison, of Pendleton, a laiy abort r
80 years of age, when the horse took fright, an.l last witil
great speed down the street, until it nearly reachrO. the end
of Dickenson-street, where -Ire gig came in eorstrut with a
cart, by wkich the horse was thrown down, both the !bail>
broken, an Mrs. Harrison and the servant precipitat.•.:
with great violence to the ground. The former, we regret
to say, received a dreadful fracture of the skull. She Was
immediately conveyed to the St. Peter's Tavern, in [Sicken-
son-street, where medical assictance was imnudiately ren-
dered, but in vain, as she died about nine o'clock the fol-
lowing morning. The servant-man received a stone in-
jury on one of his knees, which has hitherto prevented his
removal from the tavern, but we believe no apprehensions
are entertained for his life. It is somewhat remarkable
that Mr. and Mrs. Manchester, the landlord anti landlaqy
to whose house the sulferem on this occasion were earned,
were themselves thrown out of a gig on the preceding Sun-
day, when Mrs. Manchester had her thigh bryletn, .and
her hip dislocated, andw.Mr. Manchester was severely ! •:. t
about the bead and face.

PRICES OP
ISsrA Sun*
bine Acct.
3 pot Cent Rediteed
3 rer Cent. Cons. 110,1
Ditto Acct. E 4
4 pet 4:11114. A
Pkw Iper Cent. Nei I
3' per Cent.
intlaa Stock SO
Dm* /Weds 1:3 OS pS
D.c.o Acct.

;IGN

PRICES OF _
A ustrian Boo& V 7
firs !liar' Scrip dis
er.o*Ayres Saip 24
~hi:tan 7
g • • :umbtan Pi
otto Scrip tl dis.
1412 i
s:r:p peft

OCKS ON SATURDAY.
lawns Ann.
S4nail Sea Steak
South Si. Old Ai:midge
South Sea New Annuities
1.8•141. 43d pm
Ditto. SOW. 48 pm
Ditto. Small
Ditto, lid. I.IIJW. 4 48 pee
Ditto. saq. 43 a pm
Ditto. Small 47 4 48 pm
botieey Tickets 197.19,.

roaks ON SATURDAY,
Urea Scrip 16 ilia
Mezican Bonds t
Peruvian Ildis
Portuguese tibb•
Prussian &per ECUs. 971
Ditto New 98i
Russian 3 perCents.9.sl
Spanish (1621)___M_

13ritiolt WOO.

7'ilr.l7'HE ROYAL, COVEN7'.GARDRN.
rt:sin:aft. MOND
HAY. ort. 4, will ha 14410p:bad
AMLET.
t.s:r.tet, Mr. C. Kimble: Pok.iltie. Mr. Blanchard: Lame% Mr.
: Derfea. Mr. Parke: Vim llrare-.4err. Mr. Vaweett Ghost
Manast's lather, Mr. Egerton. Debella. Maui Haultneuley.
After which.
HARIXQHIN AND Putß ROBIN:
Or. Tilt HOUSIC TH tT J.%CIC BUILT.
:Lark :uln. Mr. ICIlar: Pant slo.m. M.
Mrs. Mears: Clown. ldr. J. S.
GrimaidL ColansbAle Valle.
To.:n.wrow, Juba Bull. and Charles the Second.

THEATRE. ROYAL. ARKET.
This Manta. aItIMPAY. Oet.•ber 4. will he performed
aWk:C.Tltraft.fS AND KIWIS.
ad., rat Vanklys.. Mr.W. Farren; Charles. Mr. Vining Sandford.
Mr. Mc., 11.11 Y Lartaday. Mr. Liston. I:uvula, Mra CSatterley ;
Mit.larne 'karts; att./44 Mm. tiarrlek.

After' winch.
•TW001.1) PCZZLE A CONJrlin.lt.
Peter. Czar a Muscovy. Mr. V!og: Mtn Stan:Wis. Mr. Marley
41 Dun.ler. Mr. Liston. Llerts. NIL Chatted").

_ _
To conclude with
TZAZING IdAIIE
Litigant. Mt.Wlllianis: Utovr-worm. Mr. Vin.lne; Gammon, Mr.
I' ‘ri ; Peter Plonint, Mum, Mrs. T. ILI;
sin,. Ohl's.
•:.• ..‘nrow. The tirpoeett, 111111nr Nu Murder, sad The Dori! to

THEATRE ROY.4L, ENGLISH OPERA-HOUSE,
sTrimin.
b 3 IInN V, ortobor d. wlll bit P•rfunzied
HIM rIiER AND sIbTER.
*tow rte Plume, Mr. Pt. Chrtstoval de Tarawa. Mr.
Pacheco. Mr. W. t:LatoiLtts: Ilarto;o. Mr. Keeley. Donna
Mos ;Ivor; ; Durum l'autllla. Mlsa Curl Agatha. bliss Pura:
t Wm' ;tufty.

Atter wt Irh,
THE VI:. 71N LAKE.
The GrAtA ZRHUeof SuAbht. Ir. Haller ; Wines de Nesbnlerr. Mr.
4e Una...erg. Mr. Pettrmun; Wilhelin. Mr. Keeley.
U.‘td : U:l:,•;.C4as :UatlLla de Stoseichl.
,4111C54 Je Ha:stein, Woe He: ry.
Tt.e..neittale with
THE RIVAL Ii,,LDITTIR.
Nlpperkiti, Mr. V.. ( haripan.

NEW st*RIIFI 7'IIEATRE.
pressat aIoNL/Air. tret...l.wr 4. wa Uu pregocuil • Melo Drams.
THE Mi.LIJIIA:
tn. THE INDI4N rta.vrei VESSEL.
After lentgli.
DEA I'IIEI4CM:I'7
cr. THE DTMON CIF 'CUE
N n ol.rS CLEN AND THE SEVEN
cllArtED BULLETS

831T1Ittnitiscuutmencrtf ImblishingoaEaturday moraing
at tire o'clock.

LONDON, MONDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1824.

"The intelligence we have given in another column front
:r• • cam:, is highly important and gratifying. The defeat of
ist ;N:Nif VACUA, near Silona, is officially confirmed by
I. c despatches from the victor, General SCALZA, whose
seems to have been complete. The infidels fled,
: r:s:s:ning a loss of 1,04.40 men, leaving lxhind them
ku,7age, cannon, and standards. The }:zyptian ex-
I is neither disregarded nor dreaded. The most
• tic preparations are snaking to repel the invaders.
•• I:crorrs o: Ipsara are fresh in the memory of the
• anti they fight like men willing to perish pro arms
• f is. The prudent application of the loan will enable
ti save their country. We noticed borne days since
t salutrnies of the German papers respecting the assist-
:l .t.ged to be given to the Turks by the English.
It row appears that it is the French and Austrian
~..td:orts in the Levant who arc lending their aid to destroy
t ti:-Aks. No tcnns can express the indignation we feel

. ,
;. • 1!.., :r.-.pious 00-operation of thew false Christians with
1.• 11. th.lt.etans, to exterminate the hercic descendants of
t l ?r,,c to whom we owe the arts and sciences, an:. from
w 1.. :: received cur religion. The Greeks, however, we
..:.et.t:y hope, will triumph overall their cncmiis: their

t • •••• cr.sure their success. In the Anuterlim Courant
.i";:urstigey we have some particulars of the Greek victory
r t S:.n:os. All the 'furls who landed were slain, and the

:. n'r.(ler of the barbarians, who were encamped on the
p! coast, at Scala Nuova, have disbandel themselves,
the influence of a general panic, murdeting the
(-1 wherever they could meet with theta.

'From theAntsttrddes Cftrang

AMSTERDAM. SETT. 29.

%—e I .re great pleasure in stating, that letters base been received
I , si the victory of the Greeks at S/1110S. The following
A... . t r• on this subject have been communicated to us:—
s-• :1-.4: letters twat 'Trieste and Vebice, dated the Iti h, have
',e-• here to-day ; though they difer in the details, they
~• i : the following leading particulars :
• rf the l ..roarrACIIA land several other vessels, arc
•t 1 tI.O Greeks.
•': : faiks have mate two landings in Samna, the first with
with 7.1k10 Inc% but both failed, and an ilia
... Lt c::uaerelandedperialted. The remainder of the Turkish
was on the opposite coast, at Scala Nunsa, pane-strusk
t.. ."•rastr: of die fleet, aril the failure of the larding on Samos,
ttntl ,tiventej. It is asl,leti, that part of these fugitives
I. T.-1 at Smyrna, where they had committed many uturdsrs
.• Ls. l•,:tIt limas a:..1 Franks.

lee •

%lie Amsterdam Papers of Saturday reached us last
r. Resides the intelligence respecting the Gre:ics,
we have given above, their only contents of any ge-
s • el interest rel.ge to the German students. As every rca-
s• t' man anticipated, the criminal and anti-monarchical
of the Hurschenselsaft are found to exist only in
s :1i: ids of the agents of police, whose business it is to
...c: conspiracies, and where their activity cannot be
••.,ec..l by discovering what does net exist, it is per-
c.A.s'stesit wigs our experience of human nature that
t invert something to chew they are rot wholly
The German students have most probably amused
.:vos wish political discussions, and they may have
s t some ques:'.ous in a style which might better have

,-.oidc.!.but it is toolate to preach, as Professpr !tor !sox
• t C. • Al/1).! 13a au EL did, 30 years ago, about the /Mimi-
? - • .r.. 1 the Freanasons. If the metnbera of the
• t.sii their subjects to be as loyal and orderly as those
(, I:• ..!a^.l, Irt thcm try the experiment of assimilating
and social institutions to ours. Human na-

• I. net essentially &Hrmit en the Continent frovi its

• in this ishuld. The Itritish Government has no
i .41 Co:. plats among the students in our universities or
schools. The egregious absurdity of such an
would expose any '.re who should pretend to
•ta•:: it to a just st:sricion or insanity; nor in France
we:tear cf these ridicitious conspiracies ; but there,
(A.; the nation has tiv protection of a repr:sontative branch
0:: legislature, and the press is, to 3 certain extent,

Bs ma Sr.. n. 11.

• i•nt uthentiested wean' first amend by the Coarier ofthe
ittiine, of an tite:111111t etinspiracy in Germany and the
1• • *WU: Motes against the security of die three; to :meta with
I i...crestitli,re. since the associations among the young :lien hare
I. ;:ited to that known by the named Burschens,:hati in the
I otiti that of a few wining Folmar, who have lately left
e..2...any but that the other dames. and persons of ripe years
kJ, • lid an share in them. Our tiovernment has seen the matter
tlos *sip. and chiefly endeavoured to binder these associations
ii. the itcadetules, 'raidh it sell tsar's itsrlf to stlppress. Titus

the special esrumasise, sitting at Kopenick, has just published,
in the journals, a description of tbe person of one THEODOIIII
Oxsnaustw. *student to law, accused of hariog taken put ie
a treasonable awaciatiaa formal in Onmany.
TEIZODORZOcasuMmx studied in l=o, at Kiel, afterwards
at Jena, kr,. it being supposed that he la in the Prussian litates.
the Police are requested to antic him, to take coseession of his
Palma. lir-
A 111172111111111, OCT. 1.
Exchange on London, 33. 9.; two tr.enths, 311. 7.

Cusat.ss X. has done wisely for his popularity in re-
voking the odious ordinance issued on the lath of August
last, by his deceased brother, for she re-establishment :of
the Censorship. The journalists who choose to do so are
now again free to publish whatever they may deem ft pram-
dent to become responsible for. We cannot join in the
unmeasured praises which are poured forth for this act of
th. Etna, almost as abundantly by the English u by the
French papers. We perfectly agree with our Correspomlent
in regarding it as a mere trick for effect : he proves
clearly that substantially the public will pin nothing by
" this apparent sacrifice to popular feeling." The freedom
of the press is a farce when no new paper can be esta-
blished without the leave of the Ministry, who, as our
Correspondent thews, do not hesitate to withhold a license
as often as it is asked for by those on whose servility they
cannot rely. All the principal journals in Paris, but the
Conrrirr Francais, hive been gained over ; and that one,
standing 'lamas it does, t..tposed to all the malevolence of
power, and liable to the most arbitrary attacks, can hardly
dare to give utterance to its sentiments, though the pen of
the Censor is no longer at band to suppress the publication
of them. Besides, let us pause for a moment, and ask, if the
remoral of the Censorship be so great a good, to whom did
France owe the evil of its imposition ? Was it not
Cuestas X. who reigned, in fact, when the ordinance of
the 15th of August was issued ? Still further, to be satis-
fied how little is due to him, let us remember what were

the pretences urged by his Ministry for the re-establish-
ment of the Censorship. The ground assigned in the pre-

amble of that ordinance was, that the tribunals, by recog-
nising an existence of the journals de jure, independent of
their existence de facto, had furnished a sure and easy
means of eluding their suppression. We call these reasons
shi.'.aw—and, we may now add, shameless pretences ; for
what do we behold, in less than six weeks after the public
allegation of them, as constituting a necessary ground for
taking away all liberty from the public press? The Cen-
sorship is removed—but w.ty P Have the tribunals dis-
avowed their doctrine ? Not they. What then does the
KING, reigning in his own name, state as his reason for
undoing the acts be did when reigning in the name of his
brother ?

" Not judging it involver to maintain any longer the measure
which was adopted amicr di firent circnnatan. es, cyanic the abuses
of the liberty of the Journals, by the advice of our Council we
bare ordained and ordain as follows :—"
" Under different circumstances" indeed ! Not a cir-
cumstance is there different, but that the name of
Cn now appears u that of the King instead of
Loots. The first part of the sentence is true. The
KING no longer judges it necessary to maintain a measure
of which he was tho secret author, in order to be its pub-
lic abolishes. This juggling is too barefaced. It infuses
suspicion instead of inspiring confidenez.

It is now same time since we stated that the merchants
of Calcutta had voted the sum of a lac of rupees (about
10,000/.) for the that person who should bring a vessel,
navigated by steam, to India, in a limited space of time.
iVe DOW have the pleasure to announce, that a vessel is on
the stocks, of upwards of 500 tons berthen, which is to be
ready foe sea in the month of December next. A supply
of coals has been sent out to the Cape of Good Hope, for
her voyage from thence to Bengal. From every calcula-
tion which has been made, it is expected that she will
perform the passage in about sixty days; and this we think
the more probable, not only on account of the superior faci-
lities which steam gives to sailing, but also because the dis-
tance she has to traverse will be greatly less than that
pursued by the ordinary route. At prscnt the direction of
the Southern trade renders it imperative on ships bound
fur India to pursue a course close uron the South American
coast. Whereas, a vessel navigated by steam will be en-
abled to keep the African coast clew aboard, and the very
objection that applies to sail vessels, viz. that the land will
have the effect of becalming them, is greatly in her favour,
as there is no situation in which a swam-boat sails to such
advantage, as in a calm and with a smooth sea. We have
nu doubt that she will perform the passage within the time
specified in the resolution for granting the premium.

Despatches, dated the 26th of August, were received on
Saturday at the Colonial Office, from Sierra Leone. They
contain no news of importance.
The Algtrims threaten the Dutch and Sardinians with

'lite following paragraph, containing the intelligence of
the failure of the attempt to hi:reduce slavery into the
state of Illinois, is t. xtraettd from a Philadelphia News-
paper, of the troth of July si2 :
• ILIA XOl/I.—The inipoitant quegian of eoneeer!on 0: no cow
version, tee noising the constitution of the rate, with a view prin.
ctpally to admitting the introduction of slaves into that state, has,
we are happy to lawn, been decided in the negative by the people,
after as full and free a discussion as, perhaps, ever was had among
any people on any subject."
A letter has been received in the City, dated Lisbon,
Sept. 19, of which the following is en extract:—
•• I am happy to inform you that we ate beginning to enjoy
more tranquility here, and that the Governrmint appears dierosed
to adopt a proper line of cumluct, both foreign and iluziestie. Via ,
King eas written a letter to his son, Dun Pedro, and until the
answer arrives, which cannot be before the middle of November,
no armament Will is prepared for Brazil. In the meantime vessels
under the Portuguese flag continue to trade with Brazil, and in:
summit., are effected upon Brazil propmy."
Other accounts from Lisbon, received by the packet, state,
that great preparations were making to fit out an expedi-
tion upon a large scale, for the Brazils.
Letters have been received from Calcutta to the lath,
and from Madras to the loth April. Colonel Sir Archi-
bald Carr.pl•ell, of the Sigh regiment, Commander-in-Chief
of the eSpetlition against the Buriniise, sailed from Calcutta
on the Itith of A; ell, for Rangoon. The first division of
the troop, which were to proceed thither from Madras,
was embarking on the loth. It consisted of 7,500 men.
Tlic second division, consisting of ',500 men, was to em-
bark early in June.
We have received Jamaica Papers to the 1 fah August.
Under date of Curare', May Y 9, we find an account of the
celebration of his Nlajesty's hirtliglay at Maracaibo, with
a report of certain bi 11... 010; deliverttl on the occasion of a
splendid entertaintuent given by the Municipality of that
Oar., on the arrival of the Intendant, General Untlanetta.
The British Consul, Robert Sutherland. t;sq. spoke in very
explicit terms of the friendly disposition of the English
Government towards Colombia. lie confidently antici-
pated that the next arrivals from Bump.: would bring news
that the Continental Powers had abandoned all idea of in-
terfering with South American Independence. Should the
result prove otherwise, he expressed a strong opinion that
the policy of England, and of the United States, would de-
feat any attempt that might be matte against it. General
I indanetta said he had rewired /mutant:es of the friendly
disposition of England from our Comniissionees at Bogota:

Garr Comer, Jove W.--Commodore!len arrived
here cu the 2lot from a cruise, and, we regret to state. lost
Mr. —, Assistant-Suigeon, and eight men, holing been
%met in eve of the boats on the bar of jimmy River. It
WU with the grcateat difficulty Lieut. Clarkson and the re-
mainder of the beat's crew ware saved by the other boats
that were in cowpony.

011VDSOR, OCT. 3.
This morning the King, attended by his mite, beard
divine service performed by the Rev. Mr. Sumner, at
Cumberland Lodge.
His slajtstv has taken his usual rides in the Park during
the last week, every day the weather would permit.
The Princess Augusta, attended by her Lady in Waiting,
heard divine service at the new parish church, this day.
The unman was preached by Jim Rev. Mr. Thompson,
the Vicar, who took his text fibm the 3d chapter of St.
Paul's Epistle to the Romans, the 231 verse, " For all
have sinned and come faunal the glory of God."
On account of the fineness of the weather, the Terrace
was thronged with company this afternoon ; the band of
the &coati Life Guards was the only one in attendance,
that of the Foot Guards having Lit Windsor on Friday
for London.
The Duke of Wellington passed through this town yes-
terday, and changtd horses at the Castle Inn, on his way
to London.

MR. C4N4VING'S LATE VISIT TO IRELAND.

trnox ova cosusrownrwr.l

DUBLIN, THMIDAY:

Mr. Canning's departure has given rise to speculation
and conjecture en the probable consequences of his visit.
The general, and indeed, I believe, correct impression is,
that it will in all likelihood be attended with some im-
portant advantages to Ireland. During his stay Mr. Can-
ning' was most active and inquisitive; he visited all the
public institutions in' and about Dublin ; collected eery
requisite knowledge concerning their mode of management,
the funds which sustained them, and similar points of
infertration. His visit to the Mendicity Society, and va-
rious public poor schools, made him as accurately ac-
quainted with the wretchedness that prevails in tho lower
ranks of subordination, u the entertainments he pertoek
of, and his visit to the Bank and College, informed him of
the splendor and hospitality of the more favoured parts
of the metrorolis. I regret that his visit to the Roman
Catholic Msynooth College did not please him as much as
his inspection of the other principal establishments which
lie visited. fie came there late in the day, and came is-
coonito, whilst the professors were at dinner. A menial of
the establishment 'chewed him over some parts of it, and
in tliose main which he said there was little :either of re-
gularity or imposing appearance to attract his attention.
The general in:pression made upon his mind was certainly
one of dissatiefaction and disappointment. As might be
supposed, Mr. Canning was, dunng hid stay, more anxious
to acquire than communicate infornmtion. This positive
advantage has certainly been derivable from his sojourn
here, brief even as it has been, namely, an actual obser-
vation of affairs on this side of the water, which will enable
him to bring to the discussion of Irish questions his own
personal experience and see,usintance with Irtland.—
As I bad occasion in a fofmer letter to speak in terms of
commendation of the conduct of the Loid Mayor of Dub-
lin, I was surprised to fluid in a London paper a statement
from which it would seem that be had instigated a Mr.
Sutler. a creature of his, to oppose the address of the Cor-
poration to Mr. Canning, although in public the Lent
Mayor treated him with the utmost courtesy and respect.
The fact is not so: Mr. Sutler is no creature of the Lord
Mayor, nor has the Lord Mayor any influence whatever
Over bins ; and I have the best authority for stating, that
he never lent himself to so base a design, and be is natu-
rally indignant at the injustice of so feel an aspersion on
his character. The Lord Mayor elect is determined to act
with the most rigid economy, particularly ss relates to the
ornamental and festive part of his civic duties. There is
a story told here about his bargaining with his postilions
to dispense with the enstorrary presents of new leather
breeches, and wear their old ones on the day of his inau-
guration ; and there is a similarly shabby anecdote in cir-
culation respecting a 'afoul on !depart to give the usual
number of tickets to the Sherif% who serve with them.
The Marquis Wellesley will most probably be present.
There are few persons of corsideration now in Dublin,
and the civic bauquet is likely to be a very linedilere festi-
vity.

On Friday evening, about seven o'clock, the Duke of
York arrived at his residence in Stable-yard, St. James's,
from Chatham, and honoured the Russian Ambassador
and the Countess Lieven with his company to dinner.
Yesterday morning, about ten o'clock, his Royal highness
left town for N:winarket, for the purpose of attending the
races during the present week.
The I)uke and Duchess of Clarence and the Duke of
Meiningen hit town on Friday night for Bushy.
The Duelnas of Kent, accompanied by the Princes"
Feodore, and attended be the Paroness de Spacdtb, left
her apartments at the King's Palace, Kensington, yes-
terday afternoon fur Bushy, to dine with the Duke and
Duchess of Clarence.
On SaturdAy afternoon the Duke of Minimum. attend-
ed by some of his suite, arrived in town from Bushy, and
honoured the performances at Astlev's with his presence.
His Serene MO:news returned to Bushy the same night.
Lord Viscount Melville left his summer's residence, at
Ryde. on Frilly, and dined with Admiral Sic U. Martin,
G.C.11. at the Admiralty House. Portsmouth, and on Sa-
turday morning his Lordship left for the Admiralty.
Mr. Wilmot Horton is slightly indisposed at his villa of
Sudbrock-housc, near Richmond.

Jam Bateman. Esq. of Oak Park, near Trace, ne-
phew to Colonel Crosbie, M.P. is about to lead to the hy-
meneal altar, in a few days, the beautiful and accomplished
Miss Bland, who bring her intended a large fortune.—
Limerick Were ver.

Coveter-elannrs THEATT.E.—There was performed
at this theatre on Saturday the Comedy of The Lemiitalii.
Let those who have nothing but the acerbity of critics in
their nature, analyse the merits and demerits of the anther,
and with a phletnatic precision detail the minutia: of look,
and position, and tone, of the respective drmnetis rrrscom. :
we shall fairly g!ce Ourselves up to the toil in which vie
were so delightfully Letrayed by the most complete acting
that was ever witnessed on any stage, and for the present
lay aside our character of Censor, luxuriating for " a gentle
space" in the rich recollection of our enjoyment, as a be-
holder of the most finished picture that was ever presented
to us by that prince of genteel comedy—Charles liemble.
To hare been presentat.hia acting iu the robbery scene, is
sacra in our play-going life, and one of those additions to
our store of pleasant reminiscences for which our heart
audibly responses its gratitude. It is mere fastidious
fustian to say, that critics shall not feel lite other
men ; and if they derive a pleasure which is at once
intelectual and unalloyed, why, in candour's name,
should they be restrained from acknowledging it? We look
forward to a repetition of this comedy, when perhaps we
shall resume our critical dignity, and mar the tine music
with a harsh note or two of our own.

The theatre on Monday night, for the benefit of Mr.
Kral', was a complete bumper. Shortly after the doors
opened, the rush for seats was indescribable, and long be-
fore the performance commenced, not a place could be ob-
tained. The receipts amounted to one hundred and twen-
ty-three pounds.—Linteri.lr Pap r.
_ _

The Catholics of Manchester and Salford Lave revival
to establish a branch of the British Catholic Association.

On Wednesday the Blonde frigate, Capt. Lord llyrno.
sailed for the Sandwich islands, with the remains of their
late Majesties, and the Governor, Admiral, and suite, of the
late King and Queen of that nation. Previously to their
embarkation, the Ministers of Religion and Pastors of
Christian C'hurelies, In the borough of Portsmouth and
town of Gosport, sec 1111 l palsied by Capt. Henry Moneke
Mason, of the Royal Navy, waited upon the oifie,rs and
gentlemen composing the suite of their late Majesties, to
testify their sympathy and condolence on the much-
lamented death of their Majesties, which they, as friends to
societies formed for the purpose of sending the Christian
Religion to other nations, have deeply to deplore. They
also tesuiereil expressions of their gratitude to the Sandwich
gentlemen, and through them to their nation, for the re-
ception it has given to the Missionaries.—Pertsmouth
Paper.
A gentleman of rank was on Thursday last apprehended
by Prince, a constable for the borough of Portsmouth, upon
an alleged charge of misdemeanor, and he was held :u Lail
for trial at the utx: Nrts:uouth Sass!.nts.
