LON DON,
THURSDAY, MARCH S.

W."
,'4174
•

In our Paper of Monday we stated, that a depu-
tation of twenty-four Members were chosen by the
Legislative Body to wait upon the FLItT CONSUL
to return thanks for his " View of the Republic,"
communicated upon the opening of the Session.—
A series of Paris Papers, up to the 27th, received
last night, state, that the Deputation waited upon
him accordingly upon the 23d, and fulfilled the
purpose of their mission. The address of thanks
delivered upon the occasion says, " That the De-
putation will not enumerate all the great and useful
things he has done, as they are engraven on the
memory and hearts of the French, the Italians, the
Swiss, and the German:." Except this- passage, in
which the Germans are classed along with the sub-

jab of the FlasT Cosset, who is represented as
their patron and proteertor, there is nothing remarka-
ble in the address, unless it be an assurance of con-
tempt which it expresses "for the impotent efforts of
the feeble enemies of the repose and happiness of
I'r:ince." The expression is general ; but those
who ate in the habit of reading the Moniteur, will
not find it difficult to make the application.—This,
however, is not the only Address which the Fiesr
Co::sel. had 'he honour of receiving, in the course
of last week. On the '2lst, forty-seven of the Swiss
Deputies,the other nine havingleft l'aris,waitcd upon
him; when the new Landamman returned thanks for
his goodness,in giving to his country the Aft of Media_
" a work which," he says, " confirms the inde-.
peantre of Switzerland." Low, indeed, is Swit-
zerland fallen, when a foreign Power is thanked
for imposing upon it a Constitution at the point of
the bayonet ; and perverted must be the Swiss no-
tions of liberty, when that is recognized as an aft
of independanee, which is, in its nature, an un-
qualified at of slavery !—The civil code is now un-
der discussion. Several projets of laws have been
laid before the Legislative Body, with the necessary
explanation of theirtrature and principles. The most
interesting thnt has been brought forward, relates
to the right of citizenship, and the terms upon
which foreigners may enjoy it. By extending this
right to strangers who shall have been domiciliatcd
a certain. number of years, it is evidently the policy
of the Government to give every facility to the in-
crease of the French branch of the European family.
The children of foreigners born in France are also
French citizens, under certain moditicaticns. The
Clef du Cabinet, and several other of the Paris papers,
mention the arrest, at Rouen, of three persons in
that city, who, after they had undergone a private
examination, were sent off to Paris, under circum-
stances of profound Mystery. We have noticed it
particularly; as the transaaion to which it alludes,
is evidently the same announced in the following
article, which appeared yesterday in The Morning
Chronicle.

" By t letter from Rouen, dated the 23d ult. we
learn, that on'the 21st of February, a Frenchman,
of the , mt4he ..of Boum; ,s is, just returned from
Eaglatial***:esii With a number of his accomplices,
artette# bj' the Government, in consequence of .es.
fornin tien that they had entered' into a plot to
,nate the CHIEF CONSUL, and..afterwards to
seize on the reins of G overnment. A number of papers I
were found upon him, which are said to develop the
diabolical scheme, and to implicate a number of
persons in this country, emigrants from France.
M. Boller: al s came over to England in the month
of July last, with recommendations to several re-
speßable families to procure bins a situation as a
tutor. lie did not succeed in this; and the account
is, that he was drawn into the conspiracy by some of
the emigrants resident in England, who still cherish
the thoughts of a counter-revolution, by the means of
tumult and anarchy. The suspe4ed persons were
on the '2Bth alt. sent off froin Rouen to Paris in irons,
and under a guard of fifty horsemen."
It has been the pra6tice to attribute the gross
calumnies propagated against this country, through
the medium of the French Press, to an ignorance
of our Manners, constitution, and charaaer. . This
has.been the excuse assigned for all the calumnies,
upon the new opposition, individually and collec-
tively, and for the plots and conspiracies alleged
to havebeen planned and encouraged against the life
of the Fi tor CoNsut.. We own we did not, at
the time, see the drift of these calumnies ; but we
were not disposed to flatter our vanity, by imputing '
them to the ignorance of the French Editors. They
are not, we believe, quite so ignorant of England and
Englishmen as they have been good-naturedly sup-
posed to be, and it is going rather too far, because the
objea of a calumny is not seen, or its cause confessed,
to consider it an idle and a stupid slander.—When
then the name of a celebrated English Senator was
foully, falsely, and audaciously coupled with the
infernal machine—when other plots and conspira-
racies were subsequently conjured up under the
pretended influence of England and Englishmen,
we did not think they should be set down to ig-
would not, perhaps, be au CK tra-

II-

.01,,
vagant assertion to say, that the trial of Lulotel
DESP ARD has at least partly developed the motive.
From the moment we read that part of FRANCIS'S
testimony, stating that Colonel DxsPa an said, "no-
thing could be done upon a particular day alluded to,
because he expeded mane" and newt front France,"
it did appear to us that the Paris Editors, in their
previous charges of English plots and conspiracies
against the FIRST CONSUL, were guarding a
tender part. The Rouen Conspirators must,
therefore, be taken as a part of this system.—
Three poor Emigrants have gone to France
to assassinate BONAPARTE, and assume the reins
of Government. But there was a conspiracy
against the KING of ENGLAND, proved in evi-
dence to have been maintained by money front
France. Toputthetwocountries on a level, it is there-
fore necessary, that there should be a conspiracy
against the life of the FIRST CoNsui. by men re-
cently returned from England.
The French Funds arc rising high. They were
on the '26th Feb. 6`2 f. c.

------- -
It will be seen by the statement yesterday made
by Mr. Colt aY, in the House of Commons, that the
revenues of Ireland (under all the disadvantages
that presented themselves in consequence of recent
circumstances) are in a very flourishing state. The
taws which he proposed to make permanent afford
us a proof of thiswas they have in the last year
amounted to 3,320,0001. whereat the charge upon
them, according to the items laid before the house,
were not more than '2,581,0001.
The Vienna Court Gazette, of the 13th Febru-
ary, contains the following article :
" Among the experiments and progress in rural
ceconomy, which for their utility merit publication,
were distinguished those of Counsellor liolsmai;tre,
Direfror of the estates and Lordships of the Impe-
rial family. This economist has, in his sheep-walks
in I lungary' more than 2000 sheep of the Spanish
breed. As he had, of late pan, lost many of them
by the malady of the skin, which affe6ts those ani-
mals, he determined to inoculate all his sheep with
the virus of that malady. He was previously as-
sured of the success and efficacy of Vaccination.
This experiment • took place successively on 8000
lambs and '2OOO. None perished, and there were bu
a very few on whom the matter did not operates
M. Holsmaistre has again inoculated 1000 of thes
animals, and put them among other sheep disorders
ed by this kind of small-pox.
None were infeeted, notwithstanding that com-
munication which would necessarily have been con-
tagious, if the principle of the disorder had not been
destroyed by inoculation.
Yesterday a Court of Direaors was held at the
East India 'House; when Captains Mori ATT of the
Ganges, and FA aqui! RSAN 01 Illeiflfred, for China,
were sworn into the command of those ships ; Cap-
tains CLARKE of the Wexford, for Coast and China;
BeaaowLs, Earl Howe, and MAXWELL, Calcutta, for
Coast and Bay, took leave of the Court previous to
those ships being finally dispatched for India.
Yesterday the arrival of the Caledonia, extra shir,
and Canda, Acre announced at the India House; the
former left Bengal the 3d of Oetober, and the latter
' C.:Una the beginning of August, and St. Helena the
30th of December last.

The brig Tdegrapb arrived in Chita Bth June.—
The Dover Castle and Aria sailed from .Macon, on
their return to Bengal, fid July. The David Scott
arrived in China the 16th ; and Ceres, the 25th
July. They were to be dispatched for England in ail
the month of November.
This day the LORD MAYOR will hold a Court
of Common Council, for the eleftion of Clerk of
Smithfield Market, and on other special affairs.
A letter from Rome of the 24th of January says,
" The Dutch Admiral De WINTER arrived with his
squadron in the port of Cagliari. He demanded the
permission of Government to land his forces on ac-
count of the sickness that prevailed amongst them,
and the want in which they stood of. refreshments.
The Governor, after having held a conference with
the Commander of the English ships, refused the
request.
The Dutch Legislative Body has rejeaed the law
proposed by Government in favour of the importa-
tion of rum from the English colonies, to the disad-
vantage of the trade of the Batavian colonies.
The Batavian L.gislative Body terminated its
extraordinary sitting on the 15th February. The
Spring Session will open the 15th of April. The
Government has taken a resolution relative to the
journey of the First Consul to Antwerp. As soon
as it shall be informed of his arrival in that city, it
will send to him a deputation of members of the
Council of State. Of the four French brigades now
in the Republic, two will remain, aad the other two
will go to Louisiana.
Mrs. Cosw A v is now in Paris, making and en-
graving desitNs from those pikaures of the groat-
masters which are deposited in the National Gal-

lery.
The Office which Mr. PIPEN had to discharge,
as Sheriff of Surrey, was peculiarly distressing; for
he had lost an only son, but a few days before he
was called upon to see the late conspirators suffer
death on a scaffold.

The cold at Genoa has been unusually intense.
The thermometer, on the 7th of February, stood a:
nearly four degrees below the freezing point ; the
river had begun to freeze near the banks, and a
very heavy fall of snow took place. The novelty of
this scene drew all the inhabitants of the city to con-
template the brilliant phenomenon, which presented
a sight that the oldest among them never hast.seen
before. It furnished the entire pleasures of the day ;
the theatres were shut, and the balls were suspended.
Nobody could forego the pleasure of trampling the
' Snow ; even the most delicate ladies, fur the rarity of
the thing, impressed upon it theirfootsteps, amidst the
buffeting! of awry cold wind. Some youbg engravers
seized this opportunity of exercising their talents, and
exhibiting their works in public. AVerius was seen
emerging from a sea of snow ; and a Bacchus was
elevated on Lis tun. The learned also repaired to
the scene, with microscopes in their,hands, to exa-
mine the snow, and the starry particles of which it
was composed. The English and Dutch sailors.
who happened to be there, immediately constructed
some sledges, and exhibited to the wondering Ge-
noese a' speetlclei of vehich theL had not beige tbis
remotest ides,

•
