THE BRITISH PRI~;SS.

LONDON.
FRIDAY 4 Sc.rraMaaa 8.

The Pickk brig, Lieut. Geouivatt, is arrived at
Plymouth from Lisbein, in elver.' day*. Site has
brought ever Captain STE:WART, who was
Camp to General lklgrisuzie, and by.las side at
the Meade of 'Falavera, when that gellaut ()fficer
fell. Captain STkWART brings dispatilits frog
Lord NVELusteruti, dated Truxille, the 4lst Oast,
His Lordship, being extremely &overused ter pro-
visions, the cavalry, in particular, trying tntall♦
destitute of forage, be was, obliged to fall stilt
further back, and was on the road to Elm%
iu the Portuguese territory. There had Wm'
no appearance of the enemy, whe. it mime.
had not passed the Tagus, except 'with a tocfy
of cavalry, near Areoliispo, which took the
' cannon of CuErra's

rin)*.

array had separated. Souvr was at Phisenear—
N sir was gone back to Se lamancit---Nlonyt eite V lc-
Toe. and SEBASTIAN!, i. Pstrarnadura and Lig
blanche. Sir ILWILsote had engaged, with his small
corps, Nvir's army, oil its return from Salamanca,
near Banos. After niue Maine gallant contest, lie
was obliged to retire through the mountains. Big
corpf behaved with groat • gallantry.—General
Cum.' resigned the conemortal on the teth,aad was
succeeded by General F.titat.
The Utitr, the 77{4,71(4, :tad the. Renossate, have
arrived at Pmtinnouth from the Straits. The let-
ters from Gibraltar are of the 14th last, and slate,
that the Toulon fleet n-as ready for sea. lasete,e-
qiience of this intelligence, too additional men of
war hail proceeded from Gibraltar to reinftWee
Lard Cow trowoon, who was off Toulon with his
fleet watching the motions of the enemy. The
same letters inform us, that the Algeriee cruisers
were out in great numbers in the Mediternmeas,
but no aecomits had been received of their basis;
as yet offered any molestation to British ships.
The Pheasant sloop of war, from Corunna sai
Ferrol, and the Virago gull-brig, from Lisbrimllaws
arrived at Plymouth.—The Comm sloop of war
baa shier arrived from Lisbon, at Falmouth, with a
fleet of merchantmen and transports. The letters

from CUStillitil end Ferrol confirm the accounts be-
fore received, that at the latter Oar! they were
busy getting the men of war ready for sea; but they
add, what we were not before informed of, that at
Ferrol they were under rest apprehensions that a
strong French force would soon pay them a visit, for.
the purpose of again taking possession of the town,
the harbour, and arsenal. This apprehension had
the good effect to accelerate the cipaipmeut of the
ships, which were working out, in order to:he re•
moved to Cadiz. The news of the retreat of the
combined army, after the battle of Talstera, had
spread a great degree of consternation at Petrol,
Cot-mina, •and Lisbon. The waste of time and
the want of energy on the part of the Spanish Ru.
hers, had damped the hopes of many of the Patnnt=,
and filled their minds 'with gloctny fore6orlimii
of • fatal termination to the contest in winch 111.1
are engaged. The hest informed merchants in dr:
quarter, and many of the British o(Gcers, cuu. i . r
the Anse of the lethargic Spaniards as absolute)*
hopeless.

The Argus containeaeconnts from Antwerp to the
list last, which are given in our preceding columns,
Fifteen Generals had arrived at that date iu that
cn~, mid troops were daily pouring into it and lIS
vicinity. Among ocher 'aeons of defence, prepare-
boils had been ensue to hty the whole country un-
der water on the approach of the British army to
Antwerp.—Our Dover letter mentions the arrival
of a vessel which left Flushing on Sunday. Ac-
cording to her report, the French army on the
Scheldt, amounted to 60,000 men.

We have received Spanish Papers to the IStlir
and Portuguese to the 23d last. The Portuguese
army, under General ilaacssonn, was at Coi ia,
in
Portugal, on the lath. The accounts in the Spamsh
Papers, of the positions of the English and Spanish
armies, are not so recent as those received yester-
day by Captain STLIRAIZT. 'The hitter were sent
off immediately to Ilia MAJISSTY. et Windsor. Our
horses were 4so compleiely exhausted with
iii the retreat to Portugal,they dropped on the
and scarcely one of thew was able to reach Elves.
The Expedition so Zealand and Flanders, from
*lnch the public, not without reason, when we co;
sider the preparations, expected such gluttons cr
heiieficial results, has terminated in disappoint-
ment. Yet ought it not to surprise. nor can tt
astonish, those who reflect on the recognised
on
aptitude of the Noble Commander, to whose eiterg
the execution of the enterprise was so wisely cm:
trusted. That, in sad, lariats, tidy thing, was
rf-
fected. ought rather to sumac us, than that neither
Cailsaitd, Lillis, nor Antwerp, were attacked. A
Conrt of Inquiry. On ti4h it may elocidate the
series of errors committed, e.iiinut remedy the nu--
fortune; and it only remains to lm asceanted.
whether Walclicren be tenable? sod oth-ther, if it
he, the possession of that island will, either us
military post, or 111 a commercial emporkil *Mt,
place of deposit for sus suaiitifaaar:s and tointboi

...

CISII PRESS.

N DON
s•.rraissca 8.

rut. Ilioonwati, is arrived at
n. in eleven dry*. sbe has
STIAA ART, who was Atil-flio.
KliNziet :sod by.his side at
when that pliant Offif:.-r
RT brings dispattlies trout
kited Truxiiio, the 21st last.
streuigly distressed fir pro-
m psitivolar, tieing totaliy
le was. °Lanced to fall still
is on the toad to Elvas
There had btett,
it enemy, whit, it mil 'its.
Cages. except 'with r 10)!y
rrobispo, which took the

Sout.T was at Pis'aencal—
Salamancri--MoaTtEl, Vic.
I, IA Bairarnadura and I.a
N had engaged, with lairsmall
n its [titan from Salamanca,
ae imurs' guilunt contest, he
hrough the mountains.
great • gallants'.—Gent4,l
orwmirtni on the titth, anti N
PA.-411111s

etas dad the Re/ions/Hie,
from the Straits. The
of the 14th last, and skate,
sae ready fur sea. Insoii-
ence, too additional men cf
from Gibraltar to reinforce
who was off Toulon with his
otiose of the enemy. The
a, that the Algerine trais.,l
there in the Mediterranean,
beau receivarl of their having
!station to British ships.
p of war, from Coruna% end
o gun-brig, from Lisbon, have
.—The Comm stoop of war
Lisbon, at Falmouth, with a
and transports. The letters
trrol confirm the acoounte be-
t the latter plac•!. they were
of war ready for sea; but they
it before informed of, that at
et
great apprehensions that •
could soon pay them a visit, for.
taking possession of the town,
ienal. This apprehension had
~:elerate the equipment of the
rking out, in order to :he re-
ne news of the retreat of the
r the bed.. of Talavera, had
of Consterinitir;ii at Ferrol,
in. The waste of time and
the p:irt of the Spanish IZa.
hopes of many of the P.itriots,
ids with gloomy foretovlia.vav
to tilt contest in which tip..y
lest informed merchants in the:
the British °nice's, can r
argic Spaniards as absolivt-'y
*accounts from Antwerp to the
i yen in our preceding cola in 1)9.
arrived at that date in that
e (lady pouring into it and ea
her means of defence, !trepan.-
to lay the whole country ea-
prosch of the British army to
ver letter mentions the arrival
ft Flushing on Sunday. lic-
it, the French army on the
o 60,tt00 men.
I Spanish Papers to the 18th,
to 23d last. The Portuguese
I lisar.siOnD, was at Curia, in
It. The accounts in the Spanish
ins of the English and Spanish
recant as those received yester-
WART. 'The latter were sent
lit tIAJiiTY, at Windsor. Our
aletely exhausted with &unix,
ugal,they dropped on the mad,
them was able to reach Elves.

o 7,eidand and Flanders, from
A without reipen, when we co, -
iis, expected such glorious cr
rias terminated in disappoiot-
it not to surprise. nor can `•t
reflect on the recognised rr
le Commander, to whose energy
e emerprise was so wisely eri-
%mei' lat•nts, arty thing was er-
r to ornate us, than thia neither
11' Antwerp, were attacked. A
the 0,411 it may elucidate tho
eminut remedy the
ly minims to Le aseert4nr"'•
he ? end wle they., if it
of that as
a commercial cruperiese amt,
r ulo 11141111r.1.41.d 1.011111101

dities. repay the expense of its origina' captare, and
saii,e,ineut retentive 3 • We are aeore that this is
s deep 'mil moinooteim question, involving many
• ieferior points of interest, and having many brdir-
mg..—Opinions are much divided respecting .it.
Among the singular features of the present day,
nese be reekouel the cessation of all official intelli-
gence. in the shape of Bulletins. Irons NAPOLION ;
hits last publication of that mature being dated near
six weeks sign, on the :10th July. Probably, it
farms a part of the symenntie policy of Ain* able,
profound. aunt entitle Usurper, thus to withdraw
siithletily all informative, ; and, after dazzling
Europe with the blaze of his victories, to invest
himself with the majesty of darkness. Such a litre
of action, and such a contrast, are well adapted to
operate on the feeble optics, and disorganised Of
bewildered intellects of the individuals who direct,
to our greet misfortune, fits MAJESTY'S Cooll-
y:wk. That 11011*PARTa lea, not reduced Aus-
tria to the prostrate condition of 1805, is, how-
ever, 'sufficiently evident, from the very delay
and protraction of the itegeeiations. Not that
we by any linings infer from these delays, the
resumption of Arne,; nor, still less, do we believe,
that, if they were resumed, the Austrian counsels
and armies ea ald effectually retort BoNAPANYNa
and defend the remains of that once-powerful Mo-
narchy. If the war should be again recommenced,
it wilt probably result front some failure, or de.
raugement, in the ,Corsican's machinery, in 11,0
North of Europe. That Austria, though during
the (newt«e of the present war she has not display-
ed the utter nicupacity,me imbecility, or treachery,
which Mace exhibited in 1803 ; net is isolable to
contend single-Lauded with France, we must admit
to be too well proved. If the wffortnnate FRAN-
CIS Aria so ill 141 h ormetl. of so much deceived, al to
look to us for essential &abidance, he is now no
longer under the influence of that delusion. Lord
WELLINGToII, and Lora CHATHAM, its tlitiefellS4
ways, and by different, or opposite modes of con-
duct, 'hare pretty clearly deanonetiated to Count
STADION, and to Prime Licaveiretate, what bolt
of a divehriott missy Ise expected from the British
areas in Holland. amid 141 Spahr. The victory of
'relevant. by a .singular effect or galnTeria, has coo-
Grated JOSEPH BON APAIITH on the Spanish throne,
just as much as the reheat from Zealand and the
Scheldt have strengthened Louie, in his pos.
semen' of Holland. TI.. expedition against
Tapirs could not produce any important re-
sults. If BoS APAKTH can disarm and effec-
tually crush the Austrian power. he will easily
restore JOsEPH, Louts and Joacatie, to their
thrones, even if we had succeeded in our attacks
against those revolutionary Kings. Had we, like
NaPOLSOM, abandoned Spain, Italy, and Nollatel
to their fete. while we directed all our means to-
wards sustaining Austria. in Austria; then, indeed,
zoig'it the war hare had another issue. This truth
is so obvious, and so self-evident. that it seems only
to require to be stated, in order to be felt and ad-
mitted. It as in Connote, not in Castile ; on the
Dmve. or on the lune not on the Tagus, that Lord
Wltta.tetiron's precipitate marches might have
proved beneficial.
Dispatches were received, yesterday, from Lord
COLIANCWOOD, containing an account of the
prooeedinge of the neet under his Lordship's coos-
maud in the Gulf of Venice.
Seventeen thousand of Cosoaeve's rockets were
ordered, yesterday, to be sent off, without a mo-
ment's delay, to be put ou board the ships that
compose the new Expedition.
Mr. Cu sures A aIIUTHNoT received, last night,
at half-past ten, dispatches from Heligoland.
It is rumoured that the Duke of &SUSSMAN-
ORLs has received intelligence from the Continent,
informing him of the Prussian army having beets,
midfield, ordered to be encamped, mid of Ibis Pees-
SIAN ;VI AJEsTY having lately seat three Couriers to
the Austrian brad-quarters.
Dispatches were sent off, on Wednesrley, from
the Admiralty, to Admiral DE ColiacY, ut the
Brazils.
A report prevailed on Wednesday, that the Danes
kidre possessed themselves of Heligoland, by a coup
ale main. This is not probable.
About 130 sail of vessels Weis with bristles, tal-
low, hemp, and flax, are at Gottenbingli, bound to
England.
A ship has arrived from New York, which left
that port on the ltd ult. No general council had at
that time been helot its coneerpietice of the mitred
of His Bali tsetc M AJ iATY to ratify the arrange-
niesit with Mr. ERSKINE, and no official prnceed-
lugs hail been published on the subject. It was
supposed that the matter would stand over until the
arrival of Mr. JACILSON, and in the interval there
will, no doubt, be a getters! stagnation of trade in
the ports of the Republic.
We hear from the best authority, that certain fo.
reign allips are fitting out at Liverpool to revive the
slave trade, but measures have been taken to nip
the inhuman designs of the specolutors in the bud,
sisal comident expeetstion is entertaitied that go-
vernment will second these endeavours, although
seven of the members of the present Cabinet, out
of sine, were advoraites of African slavery !
The ettailier .4. French prisoners now in this
kingdom, including those lately brought from
Zeslnod. are muted to be al r t 90,000.
A letter has here received within these few days,
from an Officer of the zed regiment, who was
%Mani those returned as missing at the battle of
Talavera. He had been severely wounded, and
was taken preemer ; and we hare pleasure is stat-
ing, as a satisfaction to those whose Inflicts m be
to a similar situ 'nom that he melitumeelis being
attended by a skilful sargeun, and treat with hu-
moistly and I:indurate.
• '

S AVG L &STICK.
;, ..‘ye
-Tar THE EDITOR. t)r F~
TIiE IaiTISS•MUISS.
• itt it—The aeromit of the Isiught;ittlek Olßy . *Web
took place et %Venni aster ou 'Nentay told Wedireie-
day last, that appeared in the last Salisbury Journal
16 60 Zurbled, mud evidently so written, with a view
to conceal, the facts, that it wool.) tint only beats.
adoliaiieis of the truth of that siatemeitt, but 'slim 8/10
I o:lll.tice to the ehis•npeunslcSunterset. if it was suf-
fered to pass over in silence.
The platy between Ellis end Browning was rer-
taiiily (as therein stated) " excellent;" but every
person who witnessed it ielinite, that the contest be-
tween the former nod William Well (iii which the
loner gained the head) was a fine displity of skill,
and could only be excelled by the scoeutilic smuttier
in which Tucker, of Somerset, succeeded against
Humphries. The state of the contest et four
o'clock on the first slay (the period heed fur play-
mg out the there), were 8 on the side of Somerset
to 6 of Wilts; and at the close of the day, U vers.
of 2 heads each, to I (Coleman) of Wilts—the
odds were too great for him to have any hopes of
success, he therefore gave its. It is stated in
the Paper above alluded to, that " on the se-
cond day the play altogether was wit so good
as on Tuesday." We give the writer credit for
the truth of this assertion, if he intends to cots;
fine his observation to time Wiltshire gatemen
alone, because they lost twelve iseads by four
o'clock, without beitig enabled to &Ash, nue; ! !
It is also !toted, that " Ellis and some of the hest
of the Wiltshire met, did not play the sei-amil day."
The reason why they declined it, was, of course,
because they were fenrful of the onmienuteices, or
otherwise why did they not play, when an reperstedly
called for by their stickler and umpire ?—The saute
purugrupli concludes with this remarkable and mo-
dest period-1' The prize was agate olnainen I,y
the Somerset gemieetere, who may, 00 this i:tr-
ain's. console theineelvee for the dcfrot which
they lately sestained at Salt-hury."—Now, Sir.
fur the particulars of thia itateineet, it is only
necessary to refer you to the same Piper of
the 7th of August last ; hut. su.fice it to say, that
they (the Somerset) tarried; °X, on the first
the prize-eesee and the coatedt was very severe on
the second day, whet, the Witte divided the prize.
Where then is this defeat to he fosuid ? The vvrit,r,
in his hurry, tics Joke, menut to say, whets speak-
ing of defeat, that the S 1111 l erect lade so cumpletelc
defeated the Wiltshire dons in the last rumen, that
it is expected they will he prudent esioligli not to
meet them in this manly exercise
1 ate, Sir, yr:lmre,
A CONSTANT READER. •
Frew, Sept S, 1009.
The Duke of Devasistime entertaiaed a select
party at *limier. yesterday, at hi. seat at Chiswick.
The Margin% of LANNI-sows la recovered ff
his late iiiihspoeition. His Lordship takes his
daily mortaing walks.
The POISTUUMSE AMBASSADOR emiterLsioe.l a
select party at diiincr, yesterday, tit his house in
South Audley-street.
The Duchess of Sr. A Lie Ws had a select parr!,
lust evening, at her house in Stratford-place.
Lady CAROLINE DAME& is expected in town
this day front Ilene
The house of Lady LOUISA MANNEILS,
Pall-
Mall, is undergoiug a do-nigh repair, mitt is ex-
pected next season to be the resort of the fashion-
able world.
The remains of the late Earl of COVENTRY will
be removed, on Saturday, filen his Lorilehip's
house in Piccadilly, to Conley-Hall, Worcester-
shire, where they will lie its state fur two day., pre-
vious to interment.
The Hon. and Key. A. Garr is gone on a visit
to his father, the Earl of STAMFORD, at his Lord-
eliip's see, Duithain-llail, Cheshire.
Sir AREAHASS and Mile Hume are returned to
their seat iii Hertfordshire, from Mr. Lireer's house,
at Bromley, in Kent, where they have been since
the death of Lady AMELIA Hur it pr.
Mr. THOM AS SHERIDAN and Mrs. SHERIDAN are
.arrised at Falmouth, from Gibraltar, iii the Lady
lfestesorlasid packet. mid are expected in town
tn-morrow.
We congratulete Mrs. MOUNTAIN 'Ton the
attractiou of her 13.11 for Monday next. Mrs. Bi
1.11410T0 Teti appearance at the giighsli Opera st
be highly gratifying to a lII' ittsh autheoce, who
have the pleasure of wititee-ing such unrivalled
taleuts in a active of our own little
Mrs. MOUNTAIN, we are concerned ItO state, was
taken dangerously ill yesterday.
Mr. RICHAED PtILMAN, who walked from St.
Chemeat's Church, Strand, to Wandsworth Church,
on Sunday morning last. has nudertakeit to walk
from Hyde Park-corner to Exeter, in tour days,
for one hutulred guineas. The bets are hour to
one against him.
A Pun'. WORTHY or • Paiece.—The immense
sum of eighty thousand pounds may be gained in
the present State Lottery, by purchasing the firer
tkkets of one number. Those who do not look so
high, may gain sixty thousand, by haying three
tickets of one number; forty thousand pounds by
two (Attie saute iiumber, or twenty thousand pounds.
by a single ticket.—These really capital Prises ere
ill to Lie determined in oue day, itOth of next
month.
me . Mr. Woonaoree, jun. of Corkerington, near
..Louth, has agreed, fora wager of 100 g ens (play
Of pay) to go. on foot, a thousand miles in a thou-
sand Mauro; to start on the 17th of October next.
The acme gentleman has also made a further bet of
SOO guineas, that he will, at the seine time, toilet,
the parish church at Louth, and proceed to Lin-
coln, end touch the cathedral there, on the mime
day, and return the Next morning to Louth, and so
in succession for 42 days, the durance being 28
miles and a half ; and a greet part of it rough road.
Owe huudred guineas forfeit. He is a smell, light
man, god bets are much against him.
A duel took place on Tuesday, on Harfordwest
Common, between Deed and Branham, between
Capt. C—, and Adjutant in enuserpience
of sorni• (Impute on board a vessel from Walchereie
where both Officers had sallied. Mr. C. was slight-
ly wounded in the arias by the third shot, when
both parties shook hands, and tiair stoic' was settled.
:.• 4S Pit bob^ '7

..•

LA NC,I srE u ASSIZES.

• • •
MANMArtialid.
Wlllicat ilyeetqft max indicted for killing Awl
William %L:1141011,
• The Prisoner is 4 tiarjeent in the Present Louil
Militia, and he wrist after 11w von of the deceased,
to endeavour to persuade him to join his corps.
Joie Chadwick said, he was at the Exile and
Child public-house, on the girl of May, where lie
saw the deceased. The Prisoner came into the
house, and addressed his conversation to the de-
erased, tdiout his son's joiiiiieg lii.. re:418111cm : he
replied, •• you shall hare :Jo connection with me
or my soil, if I c 111 help It." ('rigour aii-
'livered, he would force his inn the next day to it.
Helen's, where the corps wroth' be artists:red; upon
which the deeeaseil got up iii a passion, &Hid said
he would take the l'il.qoacr's neck ntf, amid' chal-
lenged him to go upon the green and light. The
Prisoner did riot then ill:4114 the challenge; but it
was repeated so *Oro, that at len;4th the Prisoner
accepted it, end they %visit out to light. The
witness got upon the green, when they began
to strip. The Prisoner had nut got of his shirt,
but as soon as the demo, d had got oft. his, lie gate
the Prisoner a violent blow. A number of blows
on both std.!. passed, sod at length the deceased
fell ; he did not speak, and Rd, conveyed tato a
a house. It hail been insinuated that the Prisoner
had given fool blows, dad indoweil the practice,
which disgraces many rote of this could'., that of
kiekin:,, in the belly; Lila the witness full!, coutra•
dieted it, and said,
John Walker, tile surgeon wh• attended she
deceased, said, he found him afflicted with
vomiting, and cootinual irritation ; great
swelling at the lower part of the b Ily ; vire-
lent limn and swelling on the tight loillicy; amid
great marks of violeoce to be pin coved ; and he
had no doubt of external violeuce Inevu,g heels the
canoe of his death. The deceased only lived seven
min ei4itt hours afterwarela. The body was putrid,
it tieing very hot weather ; lie did not open it.
Thi was foundallilege
Janes Has/ was charges' with killing arid shying
Thomas Caldwell, a Chilli about three years of age,
in Kenyon, OR toe i2tls July.
ft appeared that the Prisoner was the driver of a
cart with two horses, and was going through Ke-
nyon on the above clay, when lie was very 11111011.
petty riding on it without reins, with his back
to the horses ; the deccae.:d was playing hi the
road, and when he dos found to be run over, awl
that the cart was Pat gone on before, a boy went
after him, and told him that his cart had killed n
child; Ise replied, he thought hot, but observed
that hi. cart had neither luck nor fortune; bkod
and braiva gloated horn the nose of the lufatit.—
Tnere being no proof that the cart went over the
child, or that it died of the wounds received, th,!
Jury acquitted the Prisoner.
Robert Pilkingto4 sees indicted for killing and
slaying John Freeman, a viola *hoot two years of
age. by incautiously suitcarelessly driving his cArt, .
on the Tad slay of July.
It appeared thlt the Prisoner was firiellin Isiw "art
through Horton-Op-en, and the del eased was
playing upon the off-side of the road, on the es soisw
way ; the oW-wheel went over the head cal body ref
the child ; the Pnouer was, at the tune, in the cart,
sitting at the isottiou, although he hid two honter ;
• a great alarm was gives' by the neighbours, and
the Prismier got out of the cart; a great Timone
hot blood came out of the child's mouth, and it died
in a few miiiiitee.
Henry surgeoir, said he opened the bo-
dy of the child; mond a iseitun.m, deprftsioof and
fracture of the head; a deal of blood aline out of
the nose and ears; and there were cont4Www‘ on
the hips nod lower part of the belly. He had no
doubt hut the death was occasioned by external
violence on the hes/I—Guilty.
Robert Leather was imi Icteil for killing and slay-
ing Betty Gaskill, while carelessly driving his cart,
with two horses, on the 17th of June ; but Mary
Holland, who saw the circumstance, refusing to
appear, although she had been regularly subpiened,
the Prisoner was acquitted.

Susanna Bradley was indicted, on the prosecu-
tion of the Mint, for uttering couwterfeit Wirer,
knowing it to be so, and for having other canister-
lett money in her posaeosion, at tha same time.
The pi oseentinn was conducted by Raise.
It, motored from the rrhiener of Mr. Scotts, a
ten-dealer of Manchester, that the Prisoner wrnt
is his shop for two minces of tea, gave half-a-
guinea, tml received the change. After she had
got the change, she said she wished to (rave
liolf.crown piece, and returned two shillings and
sixpence. Nlr. Scales discovsred one of tile obi/-
lingo to be KM, and olnerved that be did not •
give her that ; she acknowledged loe did hot.—
He then rhargosl ber with Iseitig an utterer of
base moors., mod said she had more %hoot her ;
mid, on scorching. her, she had titter, more of the
same make ur her hand, and a boa-crown piece on her
pocket, so that ohe coodol mot have warded our met
nude a constalde was -cot for, an old Irondkerchiol
was found within shoat two yards of where she was
standing, with tweedy seven eouuterfeit shillings of
the same make as the others.-.-Guilty.

11ERSCIIELIAN PLARST.—A person eminent for
science, in a letter, dated the t9th ult., from Bury,
in Suffolk, says—" It may be of sense interest to
your readers, who attend to the celestial phenro-
mena, to know, that the Iletseltelian planet was
powerfully last night, about a quarter be-
fore . It was about 5 deg. west of the Amos and
Spica. It was in the field of my night-glass, which
takes in 8 deg. with the Moon, but per,. ctly dis-
tinct. itoUsit 114ensling her lustre. It appeared very
like the timeless of the comet or 1807, in aopAreut
diameter, only far less brilliant. Its height, hoe.
ever, is very surprising, considering its diameter WI
only shout 30,000 rniles, and its disheirce near
2,000,000,000. It ronst from some cause give
light far indeed superior to Saturn ur Jupiter. In-
deed these three remote planets would, I think,
none of them be so conspicuous, if their light were
not, by some means, increased, to compensate for
their distance. The eery quiet rotation of the east
orb of JespNer 'bay possibly excite electrical light
in a suptetisilr rierive.--it is terwarlashie how new
the absent* al Solar Spota Ishit"brith wear
these two pion. • " I mi„....1, 41.061. t
ins say within that tint.:**" "
.11syy
sorrld rewire .. so.

POLICE.

•
GUI LOll,
.I.4se Leary, who was yeese: day charged
child 1u liar hued, wa.agaiu brought up, w
tended.
She stated, tied, coming from school yea,
o'clock, with two of Lys &eh...J. (el ...1., the,
Prisoner's ladder, and owe of Aliens sop ti
the Prisoner threw his Kimura et fita,..aul
Lead.
The Prisoner s dewily pretested ,Ile 1,1
accidehtal; he wai himeelf,thz 11144 of
sad was meapahle of ernbliy. Vise feet en
of tr.s years oil, u4sol file Wrier, .and Ir
trimming the burner of the lamp • and the e
ing by, spat th.oilleit, and leirtag thiy
play, throw it down, h made a 01,0141•1 •
which the scissors were, bidding them g..!
age, eligible scissors fire out ot
child.
He was again remanded till Sat stritay,.
repos I wiscluer soy itaogsw vas to
from the mound.
Sou,,,nea was eliarzed with stealing
and one ten p ~,,, ot mutes Cum James ilugA,
Fair, last uitlit.
The unhatiiiiste matt is a sa:'.or, lately
the Undiuteis! at Plymouth. He was mod
yummier' of his loss; but two persaai,
2:1141, they Were lest night in a p,sh!is•-b it
about lea o'cloek,,wisen the Proseestor a
ease su tips!tber; he was eery Arum, as
to the MOW' of a Wind tiddler fir !Inure
a...kick he hat fell off. and there tannin,
' bus awl sum' polscrs Tl.. w 4.4.14.13 poke
aff..eteil In return Ostia mt.) the bat ; hut
her open-the tin boa, which appeared 14. C,
believed to be eons; she instantly lose
weird it into her pocket, slid went out. 1
intended to i.. the draidicii
her; hut, upon sating the bun from her,
its contents. 'flm notes could net hi fwitfid
Ate was ordered to be fir sloes it up atm
the tome the mutes might be touted in the c
A Won'!, who was routing in the Fair fa
tniusid for breaking the *habits* of a she'
pay tic, the annsuat of the damage.
'risme notorious pickiyortmis were inks
en one of whom, of the sinner of Greest,
441.1.C.8112 of tau Imodkeschieh, and a II
yesterday.
tie wan or.lered to be attained till ti tot
swacia sate to he found. The others welt

RORSEtt V.
Jake Threes; timer of the backney.cm
brought ep, or suspense of.44ytmg,...crtm,vi
William Peters, *watchman Jw
posed, that alma half put two o'clock,
huekix7.roin is tuning the corner of Hu
stiects, out fast on the leuraff pull; the •
to a lamplighter at the bait ; lire Cl
seiner,) ituver called to them tourist hint
roach tlity hied with their wind' fore,
to mos: tt, white they were eisiag their (1
man of St. Anne's parish came op, and
'more with heiog the tumuli .h.. was kut
dour-.heel with WA coach.
lames Wood, watchman of St. Asae's
shei at hair pant am u'elork he penmen* II
emu ou Liss baa, stop at Tyiee's.comt,
he was goin; his runnels, calliu„,, the how
the Prisimer ass ;aerating to drive off, an
companion,. Is kit in, is all safe ?" and bei
affiraintive, drove elf At two o'clock he i
coach cooling vp thy street; he accreted
them. They cupped at, the same pia
rounds, 4,4414 Iwo µ.'clock .1 tot Lis mar
driving uff ; his roth/ionisti was g,.ce TI
ed the roach, a itilat got fast arena post.
the Prisoner with helog is Wantons .stn
am! said Le hal Lot h. coach allied( par
bed only then found it in thiturstroad. 1
the Prisoner to go to the heart of the hemp
while the Aloes lifted the carriage off;
horses' head, be ram natty. oir runnel
foetal eight moms of printing paper on I
the carriage extricated, real drove to fi
hamar, and lagged the paper - they afb.ro
, owner of the carriage, in Chasterrydahe,
saner bad hive there about half ma boor I
carriage bad bees stoke off the Mead et I
was sating his sapper, and that be 044 h
looking for it, without success. On th
other watelinsa• returning to at. Auntie(
found the P. isoner; he had retied It. los
riage • and, from the Irsertption the wits
suit, the 'mineable °Pike right defamed
The Primmer, is kia.datesee, tillk4tbe 4
lost the carriage, sad hilt it eeratilLast I
hole who was driving, or be would nut ita
post.
The wan-lamas was certain aa to the
some. lie was commuted fur fortifier e
day se'oeight.
ASSAULT.
intl:.a fairy, oleonp-lighter, witelti
antler Campliell:irish violently assaultii
evening last, in Onford•road.
Mr. Campbell stated, this, on Snarls
wridtiita rip Oxford-runt, its the t mope
and n young lady ; the holy was batiste'
Lad been lighting • lamp, and made
sines, u he came down Lis lad.ler, whieb
hear, but improaed tt wr to stand out it
Prisoner's reaching the Big•voily, he
drew it along the witness's waistcaat any
oiled out seori.Leit them; the witness to
his itio•ter.ll Ocher. add the tont) ai.s.
tae l'risoner was a prod of his lisle 4
tthoieied spud harmat it the Prisoner
C.C...tittk but was followed hi the wit..e..,
gateway, being determined to get some
the Prisoner again attacked Lint, bat ii.
in kalichin,g him down, although he p
4 burnt to the list uri the Pritimwr•
serum] amid., which ended is, the
sum down, when the 169*,wr wart: timer:
St yr.:4 trepectatole gentleners,.hulls
air. Campbell, came forward, and cocr*bi
roni fasted, they had given him their ad
cwt of compasmou, ma they had lellirf Seel
.4 keeper of • liverrstabie, and a monk
came forward on the part of the Pftotitilti
M.. Campbell win the a.,,gri sant, sated all
done • ss in his owe tic &nee
The Wortley 31,111:1,T1tATt ordered
ebonl/1 find boll for his appearance at tb
kit Al D.
A pampa/ was committed fur receivii
parishes. It appeared that she had mice
.per week from the parish of St. Luke's,
years, sactlired received dire' abiliiags p
Is-home parish, from March to the ail of
*behavior; represeuted that she had a eh
in (act alse*ever had a child.
Tre yesterday usenthrecd the eircen
Ccolleman ant-reviling In shoot himself,
who was with loth, in a Inichoey•enatti,
The Cieetleiesa is a sae of Mr. Elistim,
awl the piling Lady a Miss Colsae, I
w.unian, lio!c friends reside in the 130,
sun., who hail some kno.s (IV of the
attuned on Weilersdry before she Minna
lichitua, shiver of the lieeki4e,
stated, that he was called OF the atrio
ins Moansy eight,. about eleven &color
sad two ladies; he was desired to dri,
where She ladies got trod) one of st.€4l
mat again got into the eiraeS with
&given his to (ite to bele tilleret:.
ohm he severed wish*. two er t
Obare he was tsdered to sex them tbs.
by the report of a pistol In the c'hil'l,
atter of a iverk and being The retie'
it.

`_


tan yes Toren sue hi veer dying **insists V•eweite lady '
answered Yes, yew, yes," tie Stopped his homes, and,
getting off his hex, lan to lank fur a watchman; nit his
return he found tie roach empty, and a person informed
him dist the tarty and geotleusan were in the boote, and
that uo harm was dose; Is entrains( amongst the straw
of his coati), afterwards, he thood a pair of pistol.liers.
Mr. Soho lfay lur lives at Nn. 42, Belvidere-place, was sit-
ting with his fatally, a little l,efire t 3 o'clock, on Monday
evening,shat hr was &humeri by the report of two pistols ;
he Tan out to see whet *as the matter, *hen lie preeircd
&Ketch the dolig, without any person us the
/111' haat he went up'fis the easel and opened the door, when,
bi the light of a plaint, be peiktired Mr. Elston and Mist
Coisoo, the tatter app-ireutlp•flansting lie shat to the do..r
Wland going to the horses, drew the coach clew tip to
tiston's fluor; the toady, *ere by this time 'Manned,
sad be awiwied-iu getting them out of (be coach; Mr. Elm.
toll wits *wog to Ire forsiien, sit iir.; he had nu intention to
hartls4; ehe sawaier...i—Yes, yes; she forgave him. Mr.
went for the surgoici, and on his return, on searching
ette twitch, be found a pistol bullet in the buck part of tin-
, rat,. he SW no spoaarance of blood ; saw the mark of
the
powder ou th. wornsia'4 dies*.
Mr. Wagstaff, a surgeon, said hr was called On ?Woodsy
uilht oletiot twelve o'is:nek, in go to it, Elision'. house to
• • es..iialue two prisms who vier- to be seriously hurt ;
went mid found M....C0150n admit °a the Ilea un-
'.• iLesseel ;ou bee prison, he &sad she had recited
• a contused wound on the right milt, which was very much
intlatneet owl swells ; leer euthes were perforated iu Kenai
p'-^ .4 enint their appearance, oat Cum the appearance
Wass wrisio, be 1,51 uo dostit it wits inns:W.l W'til twat... surf
of him isms. After lutist tketeed he, wound, he u.. di:str-
eets attend Mi. Linton; be fatted hioi li,d; lie
mil a womiu inflicted by a ball in ids right aide , ,tie •I'
attack arm log rilsjust below the breast, a...C. goue off shutt-
ing, without harm; penetrated the abilotreo The wound
was story much indented *lid swelled, but the witness did nut
appectiend any immediate tenter ; horn aoinr expressions
Wu.... ...Mal Mr. E . hston he, , the witness Was fest-
ival he bait tat.- I 1111014 it puiwountis nature • and after
tieing IN,I*2•11 pressed ~.uioset, be isr-lhionlitigiel
finili.ui the kiel rift *eke. h. Lao cunt ired,
uunhwerverl, to a quantity of upinin. it.ozstati
Lad questioned ti's. C 05.... respecting the firing i,r
tut; sit. .alli that 115 Clistou hail dry tied bit ill Fink out at
the •luilow to see if the coaehnien was n. t gun • .`neat the
bestir; whilst her brat( map. 00l at the * iilllOlP, late heard the
11240244 of the pistol, but out not at fi:la Lolls Oa it she ass
settoodesi;
toad reliant, and ea* the Mash is the cusah, when she
screamed out. The witness etid nut consider either of ,the
parties to be in immediate damp r. 'lke were deli-
vered to Mr Whigs all', us Tuesday manning, by a 3 oufger
bemire Mr.Etisiou.
('4
.11 l'A G.V 171
FRENCH ACCOUNT.
LtTTSR WRITTEN ON fish lOTil AT TOLEDO. AND
W4l MA GRID.
aMT Dealt FKI D!...-:),) not fail to forward in.
prOfit liy ..0:1111111ftlikaajois
titterer° this city said the cii!)!hil, winch is preserved
by the 4th eurps and tic reset, e. (fur apprehrn •
11iO4/s most have I,erii re, tprue.,l clurinh the eight or
ten clavtkwinle three hostile arum's h 5.1 surrounded
;". Its by their in.inceuvres.
" Aly solicitude at this critical moment did not
prevent a mita `
who recollects his first profession of
ralalar. from followiug attentively, sod with in-
terest, the moven:cuts or 46,W° Frew:buten. who
Wt're tiirratamed . o these armies; ei filch
annosaut,ri to eisol sb omen; 'Melo, at the crow/ at
have still to explain how it has
hattpelieel that the Feetitit 'iottszteckti at the .41112 •
111 lwewtiiti:ig the union
Of the two combine I n .n. es. .iiol w delainiliA at
till*Tdeti that of the Anglo-insurgent. •, I Um are
five' at ntsencia of the ',eke of Etahluttia•
" You, as m iltilitary man, will take au interest
ifitslittisils 1 *edit about to eommuuicmtr, though
yois#ill see fresh reason to deplore the fate of our
stailomppy coitutry. which is desolated by a limdiul
gotspintstins nom, who cnu have uo hope to see
iriyarty
i.,„"(yit 01011106 of July the English army of
rogtowiem', effected
-1. • autictku atitfs, 40,-Ottu iiiiiirgessts moiler Cuesta.
-,,Jehs-thV• 11,44 W eitioUsieti.lorees. Caine! in
*VP Bellono,f posted on the banks
the AlbJ ehe, whose ii4i:400,41 guard defended
isheers:
" It appears thud their please( campaign WHO to
drive the first corps far firon its positions, its order
to unite et Toledo with the; armyof Lu Maiielia,
unifto the coanntauit of 44144. and then to ad-
vance, to flip iiiiyubse tli(ioCii.) locos oPoo the
capita.' ; tlltueobliontg the French army, witteh to-
verva and tli*iittetl the shore* 54 the Tagus, tore-
, .tr,ut heyttud the innuntiiMl 'or the 0244112.21114,
. • ..
th*t they, might not ettinasit themselves against so
impositye• fort*. • . •
In this *Uniting, sil the Ffrii24l mold do was
to collect their tioopis in the inivitbris of "Toledo, to
ovoid any enrigement of their corps spot, mid,
when once motel', tai offer I:Pettit:• to une or the tom-
baited antics before they could unite. General
Sehurtisiii cos:opted with the fourth corps (lie but.
dims of the Gumboil!, observing Vein:gas, at three
days' march from 'relish); the Liiike of itelluito •
inaintaisied, situ the dust corps,. ti. pn,iiiint on the
. . _ .

1

at three ,brys' noirchiruth Grata Madrid
and Toledo. • There was un time* tne he Isla; and
9torew-nts of three two corpi wore to ?Aron).
toned with av sli rapidity as PrOb-koil• - •
" la spite of the itioinetew spperiority of the.
enviny. the Duke of Bellinge neektitartietl his psi
on the god and Init.: 114‘totit, by
nsoveusent, hit. proceeded 'to and
on r.s 25th. to the left bank of the Guiwkrams,
. two :Nogales from 'Colette. l'henrder. was given to
Gettetiatiebavtia i toilet bark, by formrliiiarchra,
0;6 that cri:7, where he arrirrif tin•the 'Mk baying
otiose' ills 414scptssi his wspetwieot. that be ,light twit
paraded by
..the tumor. The King quitted .
lidadrirl on the 13d, with the body of reserve, and .
advanced to Nairal,-Cornero,- in 'valve to hold in
heck asl well English is Portuguese,
willo,threaterKil, by way of Escaiona, to taken) the
Oar .the tiros corps. in itaytwition of Atbetchr.—
' T..ie reserve silt?. tate/ it lowa, of mote than tvieJve.
lea4oes, est.il.ll4iod itself at Vareos. two. leagues
f J:n Toledo. Tints the whole urine sees United on
IS • /he '.250J, without the siocedity of thing a siiigk.
.
Before her departure from Madrid. the King
• had ,nt orders to the puke.of Dalinetti, to unite
r' •'‘'‘..:aluteis the titter corpo under hie caumand.
''2 ma to Plowneia. iq .order to cut off the
r 41.W/01:English into Port ttgftl, His Majesty
14.01, imolai, mourner, the outentiou to throw steno
men intd Toledo, in order to secure.the bridges of
that city sterthe Venegas, iu
: "
case lie porpowelrossingt iter, to march:
-by its far as .trustjurz ; i ch wotfld retard
tor threeelorithetunt.eyients of tot General.
i"
•

r,.-.

I

/

" These arrangements being made, the King, at
the head of the army, which fie had collected on
the 23111 near Toledo, marched agains: the Auglo-
insurgents. Hl.l advanced guard met that of Curet*
in the reviro is Esetilona, which was so rapidly
attacked awl water,. that that General, being dis.
concerted, was not able to collect his forces, and
re-crossed the Alberche in the greatest disorder.
The King took his position at Santa 01111111. On
the 87th he renewed his march. At CaNaligas the
advanced guard of the enemy was in like 'wiener
driven beyond the Alberche. The King pursued
it, fording that river at the bead of his army—a
inurement which was executed in perfect order,
• the most brilliant style.
" At the right of this ford, hills covered with
trees extend to the mountains of E4calonu, which
no this side are on the right hank of the Tagus.
The Euglisii had placed there a great parr of their
force. l'hey endeavoured to defend themselves by
a brisk and well-supported are: but the division of
Genres l Lapisse attacked them with such vigour
and impetuosity, that they pelled that position at
once, and left, on this attack, which was made with
the isiyonet, i-200 lead on the held of battle. It
wits floor iii the eveiting when the Duke de Belluun
obtained this important admitage. lie hieverthe-
leas pursue.] the enemy frost position to position,
till, night arriving, he was forced to halt near to
Talavera.
" At dav-husk, the whole hostile army appear-
ed in order of battle: its right supported by the
Tagus, and covered by heavy artillery in the town
of l'ulavera; its left str-lehing to the mountain,
and deployed upon an eminence, the positiou of
which was very advantageous, • deep varies sepa-
ratieg it from the rest of this chain of neon dams,
to which it was joined ouly`by the I,sise; his rear
was protected by olive-gaiderss and vineyards ; so
that to attack it, the French army had to cross a
front full of obstacles and intgailities. The case-
in, had not leas that' 00.000 men iiirmed in several
lines, while the Freud' had scarcely 40,000 coat.-
berms's. _ -

"The King, ill suite of this disproportion of force,
sad tilt advantage of the Englidi position. resolved
to attack them. We had just been infariaril that
Velietos hind re-established the bridges of Aran-
jties ; that wren of his foraging parties were within
tour leagues of Madrid ; and that his artillery Was
alirelidy playing upon Toledo. The Wog was re-
volved to Pave his capital. The bottle was bloody.
The enemy defended his position with the greatest
obatinaey, but he sustained so considerable a loss,
that (iring the night he resolved to abandon Tala-
vera, and to prepare for his retreat.
The King slept•oa the field of battle. To re-
new the kon rite following day, and to pur-
sue the combined army, would he delivering up
the capital to Veitegits, Milli rendering maths* the
movement already begun by the Duke of Dal-

" Convinced that the losses sustained by the
esserny would reduce him fur several days to a state
of inaction, His Majesty thought it right to advance
to succour Madrid, eveu should the English flatter
themolres that they could maintain the position of
Talavera. la consequence, the Duke of Bettia°
was to fell hack upon the Alherche, while, with the
4th corps and the reserve, the King marched to-
wards Toledo, the comiuunications of which he re-
imil. where lie left only a garrison of
1900 men. After having maumuvred to disquiet
Veilegini, and oblige hint to withdraw the troops he
bail on the right bank of the Tagus, His Majesty
entered Toledo yesterday, drove the assailants from
their positions, and causing the 4th corps to pass
the bridge, stationed it on the left bank of the
river.

•• Then we were informed of the union of the
Dukes of Dalmatia and Helium', and learnt that
the enemy, taken by surprise, and unable to teach
the bridge of AltaSfP2, had no ether retreat than
that of Arsobispo ; and that, closely pursued ss he
was, on a soitti hardly passable, which he was
obliged to take, he would he obliged to loft the
greater part of his artillery and equipage. We
learn, that such has been the precipitancy of his re-
treat, that he was obliged to abandon, as well at
Talavera as at Argesa, fron► S to 6000 wounded.
si What will most surprise you. Sir, is, that yes-
terday arnight, `Veneg is had not heard of the're-
treat of the English and Cuesta beyond the Togas.
As we do not perceive that there were any great
en-cattalo be made in order to inform him of this,
it is a proof either that the enemy had no concerted
plan of operations ; or, at least, that he was sn
confounded by his defeat, as not to think of inform-
ing Venegas of it in time.
•s You see, Sir, what has been effected by nu-
merous armies, at least two-thirds stronger than that
of the French opposed to them : not one of their
detsehments•has been able to shew themselves be-
for► the gates of Madrid. They were on►y a few
hours Oil the lure whitish stretches from klberelie to
the capitol, and their campaign has ended by abitti-
,loning about 6000 wounded, and probably with the
loss of the greater part of their artillery and equi-
page; not to intuition the tirt.imover, which of ne-
ees,ity will he taken by ns iu tisepnrwint."

A e

• 14EW Y•RK, JULY 30).
•
By the British schooner J 1114,“ • iu 14 days train
Yuri-era-Prione, we learn that Chrostophe Nod Pl.-
60116* Beets have recently had to severe engage-
ment, ju which the 14tter genie .1 a very sigu4l roc-
. Wry; end that their armlet had met near the Cape,
;shoat the seine time, and that Clirivtophe had de-
feated Petion.rrith great slaughter.

FROM THS NSW YORK FRKLMAN'S JOURNAL.
_TNT NEWS FROM ENGLAND.
The momentous Diforiasitaoti which has been re-
ceived from London, ley the say of Halifax and
New York, while it deepens the gloom of the dark
• prospect which is now presented to the friends of
liberty and peace, in every quarter where humane
power ran uoateri.dh• influence human action in the
Soneeens of .civilised nations, is at the seine tune of•
a snore extraonritnary character in itself, than al-
-411.Ai sissy thing fiat is recorded in the annals or
kings and of Cabinets. We bars setae heard that
Ambassadors went beyond One ;Airier limits' of
their written instructions, but we have never heard
they did se, they solemnly declared to
damnation with whose government they were ciego-
tinting, not merely that they erre acting within the
psias to which their general diplomatic operations

were restricted, hot that they. were expressly
structed, and even commanded, to make prop
'ions, and enter into engagements, which the
remanent front whom they had derived their.powers
hail never in fact contemplated. If Mr. Erskine,
the Alanister of the British :Monarch, near the Go-
remanent of the United States, has indeed doter
this—if he has. in the sober language and instil 'heel
venerable forms of diplomacy, asserted an absolute
falsehood, and declared that he had received " Ilia
Majesty's commands" to make certain arrange-
ments with the Executive of the United States,
when, in fact, " His Majesty" had authorised no
such measures, and those arrangements were " not
made iu conformity with the wishes of His Majesty"
nor such as His Majesty could approve of,"—we
have at once a diplomatic platruomenon, a parallel
to which we do nut recollect iu all history.
On the other hand, if she British Government has
authorised the measure, as Mr. Erskine has repeat-
edly declared, and afterwards denied that it had
done so, in the face of the whole world, that Go-
vernment must have forfeited all claim to the fu-
ture confidence of every other government, must
.be pronounced, in the precise language of its bit,
terest enemies iu this country, " faithless mid cor- -
rupt," and must he considered by every tarn of
principle, in every nation, as the genuine inheritor
of the Punicajides of antiquity. Surprising,
strange, unaccountable, as the .information at first
appeared, there is no longer any doubt upon the
• select.
. have forborne hitherto to express an opinion
t.wpon the real character of the present British Mi-
nistry, because we deemed it improper and impru-
,,dent to take such it course during the pendency of
urgociations between the British Government and
our owns. and especially so since those negociationet
isioninael lOU agreeable • character, and- promised
revolts so auspicious to the best and dearest irate-
ream of both countries. We should not do it now,
hut upon the cleasest conviction that the news tipow-i
we are commenting is, unfortunately for the
happiness of mankind, true. We have never had
very high confidence in the integrity or ability 4-
;the present British Ministry. Of its integrity we
shall say but little at present, mid that little we
• shall say hypothetically. Its talent. the world has
mat yet seen.—Mr. Pereeval, the Chancellor of the
Exchequer, scarcely makes a figure in Parliament
equal to that of Mr. Eppes in our House of Repre-
sentatives, and 'serves for • little more than an exam-
ple of the correctness of Mr. Randolph's satire
upon the folly of attempting to make first-rate
stateinnen of second-rate lawyers. Mr. Canning,
..vehts is the real, though not the nominal, Prentice,
and who undoubtedly possesses the Royal ear, per-
hives almost exclusively, is
,n man of wit and is
scholar, an excellent epigrainanatistYaral 'satirist,
end by no means dedcieht art and
addresa, but where is the proof of his profoinel
judgment and latrine? • Let it be supposed, then,
that the Ministerial Party in England have deter-
mined to kill two birds with one stone, by sacrificing
Mr. VrAine and his political connections, and at
the seine time prevent an adjustment with thii
country, upon any ti.rma which our Government
and people could cututider honourable, or even to-
lerable.
We have always wondereethat Mr. Erskine
should have been continued the Minister in that
country, under such 'an administration. Some.,
have sop/weed that the Ministry did not dun
or aid not wish to exasperate his father, whom
they knew to have taken a strong interest in his.
son's appointment. But even Lord Emilio., al;
though a first-rate statesman,. is to render this
all extremely rational conjecture. We have lately
keen informed, from good authority, that the
Prince of Wales solicited of the New Ministry
that Mr. Erskine .might, be continued, as a per•
*oust favour to himself, and the only one which ha
had ever asked of the Government. This may or
may not be so, bet Mr. Eiskils.iii.eertaiiily Dot a
favourite with the men in his own :country. Mr.
E. then, may have bees foraiihied;With a set airt.
structiono, so ambiguous, We mptivotal. so perfectly
in the reaming style of ettenrag...kir apbu may be
allowed) as, seizing atilt (Mr. E.'s)
most sincere and most ardent desire (ti iestore har-
mony between the two nitionAimay have induced
hint to consider himself authorlietl "by his Govern-
ment to take the course which he has taken, al-
though there may exist in them many loop holes to
hang doubts upon, sufficient to justify, in their opi-
nion, an insincere and intriguing Ministry, in re-
jecting the stiiinlations thus made in consequence
of such instructions.'
We have understood, indeed( that some of the
Members of Congress have Mid that they had seen
Mr. Erskiiw's instructions, and we think that we
have heard the name of Mr. Humford, of New-
York, Mentioned in public as one of those Mem-
bers, but we are very far from vouching for this as
a fact, as we consider it highly, improbable, that
Mr. Erskine would display his instructions in such
Nit undignified manner. If the course which we
have suggested has keen pursued, Mr. E. has am-
ple melon to say of his own Government, in refer-
ence to both himself and us.
" It patters with min a double sense,
Keepin: the curd of promise to our ear,
But breaks isle our hope."
We are inclined to think even worse, at present
we elltillet posiaibly think better, of the Cabinet of
Britain.

" The high-rnettled racer's a hark on the road."
—The application of this line of the well-known
old song was shockingly exemplified in the
person of an old soldier, who perished on the
open highway, in the neighbourhood of Ria-
thyford, Cumberland, on Moorlay se'unight. This
poor veteran, worn out with age and infirmity,
was soliciting the aid of the charitable, as he
passed along the road. Neglected, sorrowfill, and
fainting under fatigue and want, he begged at the
turnpike-gate for a draught of cold water, a hick
he procured, and then pursued his solitary way.
lie had not, however, proceeded far, before he stag-
gered and fell, alien,in consequence of the bursting
of a blood-vessel, he struggled for a short time in
the agonies of death, and then breathed his Met.
A few halfpence was all that we, found upon !inn,
except a small hint* of linen, and a certitieatu of
his being • Chelsea, pensioner. How sadly. Illy
couutryuscit.are our warlike eons, who have fought
our battles under a parching sun, or amid the storms
of winter, rewarded for their services!

NATAL r.vrp Luc z vc

• ••••:".."..'
•

rotreallouvse. stet. b.
Arrived the Nepeatte, Jtl ;onus, Captain A,
' Wood, from Ilarhadoes she has r, cu 3i days on
her intssiig? Item Tortola. Alin tire Unite frigate,
Captuiu Patrick Campbell ; surd Tketiaee Elitists,
Hots. Capt. Viisbiegrave, from the Ailesisierribuliii,
with dispatches—they ere both under ;
the Tortoise store-ship, from the Mediterlailean ;
the Conflict ;.; u • .-brig, Lieut Batt, from Pltmon h;
end ftichiuonrl ,ii i-brig, Lieutenant Wrck,,r, flout
Cowes.
Sailed the „Iteoeage, 74 guns, Hon. Capt. Paget ;
Captato Saila); anti Defesoicr
gun-twig. Lieut. Noppa, to. the eastward ; mod the
Ant schooner, io Guernsey, with comet.
Came out of harbour the Ganymiele, Captain
Cathcart.
Came into barboer one of the Runnel line-of:
battle-ships.—Wind S.E, .
PLVItatITH-DOCK, fart. 6',
Arriet4l yesterday the Aeons frig.ire with 1,1,e1,4*
era, last Irmo the Dowus ; alto tit*, isolphit, nod
tour transports, with iirisousrs; the Sap ply Mow
port and the Earley cutter from Ruchirtort 4
Amethyst frigate from the expedition et
Flashing;
and the Virago gon-brig,frons oporty.
Arrived, this day, the Neese* sloop wf war ;
the Pickle brie, from Spain ; ,the Orates *loop a
war, from Liverpool ; the New,t•A mud Lyra Iris
gates ; sad Reneger transport.
Sailed the Preevante cud Wodirick store-ship.,
and the Swallow, 18 guns, Captain Milner, tun
Liverpool.
A red flag is hoisted at Maker Tower, for a con-
voy for the /dediterratietiii.
FALMOUTH. SIM 5.
Arrived a fleet from Portugal, and kits Majcstj's
ship t'oents,with a test of transports from Liston'.
bil Es,:. titer. 6.
Sailed the Ned Elvis, and Rower gull-I.6'r.
with a convoy, for Gottenburgh ; and the Dawd-
lers, with a convoy for Heligoland.
novae, SEPT. 6.
The Lively custom-house cutter, Siniih, is drier.
ed from Flushing ; she sailed on Sunday, at which
tinie our troops were retreating us fast as possirde,
the Freud' having assembled a very simeriorferee,
amounting, it was reported, to upward* of 60,000
mere About tbree weeks prior to the sadist; of
the Expedition, when our small vessels made their
first appearance, tar whole of the oneiny's deli
wise lying entirely dismantled at Flushrog, hut
in cousequence of their appearance and proceeding
to place buoys so bong betbre, the e.irroy -lima a
sufficient time to prepare themselves against the ar-
rival of our ships.
Since my last, the following galliots hare arriv-
ed, viz :—the Waterier, of Colburg. Coltman, with
linseed and deals, front Memel for Dover ; Johan,
of V.ippeliburg, Gower*. with mak, from Liverpool
for Rotterdam ; Dorothea, of Pappeoborg, Wag-
ner, with salt. from Liverpool fur ittoterdain ;
Goodhope, of Rotterdam, Jager, with butter end
cheese. Sent-in by the Mariner gun-brig, Lieut.
Griffith's.
Sailed the Diana frigate on a cruise.
DEA!, SEPT. 6.
Arrived Calpe, Moore, am! William, P. John-
son, from the River for Cadiz.
Sailed • the Dryad frigate, to Portsmouth, and
Bold gun-brig, for Flushing.—Wind S.W.
itRISTAL, UM 3.
. _

Came in, Co merge, —, from Seville; Betsey.
Gardner, from Dublin ; Surprise, Dore, from
Waterford; Henry and Mary, Romnry, from Cork ;
Mary, Brace, from Malta.
FROM LLOYD'S LIST.
Glt• VE.104 D, SEPT. 6... Sailed the Malaria', Wiliam?,
far Hayti ; John, Mandl, /or Lisboa ; sad Castor, Hoot, tie
Cutteuhtirgla.

MEETINGS OF CRI;OITt►RS AT GUILDHALL,
TO-lIORROW. ■. n.
Henry Nordish, Meophain, Kent, butcher - 1
James Asdresua, Commis-street. Look', merebnnt - 0 10
William Blackburn, Aldersgate-Meet, wateb.spriog.
maker - - a SI 10
Jolly Hllll, Queen-street, CheopsMe, load-nierskent - 1 It
James %later and John Winter, Aces-lane, Brixton-
causeway, Surrey, bnilders - - 9 19
John Smurfit, sell-wharf, Shaderell, apirit-tnerebant 1 12
Joseph Deacuo, Baker-street, Portman-square, con-
Illactionnr - -11 n
Wu. Kinsey, Oxford-street, emeb•maker - 9 Pi
Jan Oliphant, Fleet-street, London, tailor - 1 10
DIVIDENDS.
Navvy Greedy Bertsdn, late of Grey's-inn-square,
Middlesex, money-scrivener - - It
Robert Realm), Chiswell. street, Finsbury - square,
puiutrr - - - 10
Job., Owe. Parr and Thomas Chase Patrick, late of
Suffulk.lane, London, insuraitee-hteltors - lO
Mary Coekerill, now or lute of Cortsio.road, Sheer-
ditch, eheir.manufarturer - - 12
John Taylor, now or late of Pagllsm, Susses, shop-
keeper - . - to
to►s Parsons, sen. sad Jeldi Parsons, jail. Ludgate.
hill, booksellers - . In
PRICE OF STOCKS TEATERUAN.
S per Cent Consols
0 per Cent. Navy 9WI
Onintuns ...._ i ptees.
India Bonds. 111) profs.
_ .... _ ..

. ._.
Esrhelots BOW . ...II Ili prom.
English Litttery Tickets..
Consols cot ..... ...... ..
T. IRISH, Stork-brokci,
4, COVlSkiii, 64. i 9, Charing (nod

MAfin!AGEM.
At Portsmouth Chan li, Mr. kegrrs, of thr 01 tinatre
Office, at Purflect, to Mim Mitchell, W.A. of Gl-
bert, Bail late Naval Storihreper at Portsmouth.
A few days Moro, at Brighton, by the !ten. Mr. Carr,
Mr. JOL. Tilt, youtigi st tom of till late Mr. Thomas Tit,
of the Castle Torero, I:rightist ; to Miss r:itabeih Qatar,
eldest daughter of William Gates Esq. CoPectur of N',
Majesty'e Customs, at that place, 1:1611 wia Collector of IM
parochial Assessed Tana, Sce,
DEATHR.
At fal•Cfpool, of a freer, 31 iss Lewis, youngest .in ugb-
ter of Mr. Lewin, one of the Propricturs of Covell-Gunica
l'heatre. She was a beautiful girl, a,,A in bre 17th year.
• At Stewart hill, moiety of Tyrone, /inches, Thomas, Cori
of Castlestawart ' • his I.urdohip gliceeeurtl by his eldest
Robert, our, Earl of Casttesteirart.

HIGH WATER AT LONDON BRIDOE THI,I DAY.
Norrituit 4,6 alio aft,' 12 IA filesueus ad saw after t
LONDON:-I)tinteJ ybqq C. 3MITR, No 1, Cifoaut'a Tap,
add twillitalikd liribleadß44 No. Bark of flt. Clew. Ile,
Chorrli, citrand, by .1. WHLTE, td soak
.ke for dim. Paper, arid to dro 01Ser, (puationt.l„ .
duly al tondo.' to.
