1111P2IfIL PARLIA3HINZ
Havist of LOWS:Tvssodiv, Maa•o Li.
The Hones aat in • Committee of -Privileges,
when the claim of Lord Kilwa-den to vote for a
Representative Peer in the Imperial Parliament,
Wise unanimously assented to.
Lord CA RLETON pt esented a Petition from Lord
Erris, praying that the same right of voting for a
Representative Peer, he confirmed to him ; which
was ordered to he taken into c.nn.ideration on Fii-
day nest.

.ay
The Royal Assent was given, by Commission,
to the following Bills Loan, Bundy Duty,
South Sea, Newfoundland Fishery, Refitied Sugar
Bounty, aildlurkey fobacco Bid.: And the following
Irish &Hsi—The Excise, Assessed Taxes, Au/Rion
Regulation, Quit Rent, and West India Sugar Bills;
with ten orivate 13111 s.
•

• .
The Comrmssinners were Lords Viralsingbara and
Auckland.—Adjourned.

HOUSE OF LONINIONS.

The House met at h al-past three, and proceeded
to ballot for the two Elm.Rion Committees of Newry
and Glasgow; after which, the names of the de-
faulters at the last call of the House were called
over, during which strangers were excluded from
the Gallery.
A Petition from the Merchants of Liverpool, trad-
ing to the West Indies, and praying for relief, was
presented, and ordered to be laid on the Table.
Several Piritions against the Oak Bark Bill were
presented, and referred to a Committee.
Sir RALPH MILBANKfi gave notice, that on
to-morrow se'nnight he wttuld make a motion rela-
tive to the Military Situation of the Country.
The SECKE VARY at WAR gave uotice, that,
to-morrow, he would move for leave to bring in a
Bill to augment this pay of the %Widows of Half-pay
Officers, and those on the Compassionate List.
Mr TIERNEY gave notice, that, on this day
se'noight, he should bring to-ward a motion rela-
tive to the Debts of the Carnatic.
Captain HERBER(' moved," That there be laid
before the House an account sheo Mg the time of
• `ce of 'I . Weatherhead in the Navy, from
has rirst entrance into it; also an account of any ap-
plication made at the Navy Offices by the said
Thomas Weatherhead to pass his certificate as Lim-
tcnart, ai.l any official document tending to thew
the reason why such application was not granted."
The following are the Members appointed on the
reduced list of the Newry Eittelion Committee :
G H. Cssmn•lish, J. Deno, Esq.
Hon. mii.itgommy G. Stuart. H. Wusitisunh, Esq.
J. (4, izt,toire, t.sq. G. Steele, Esq.
▪r. Smith, Esq. 'ti:r W. Curtis, Rare.
Right Hon. W. Dundee. Right Hors. C. B. Bathers,.
Lord C. Fitzroy. Lord C. H. Somerset.
PMMINEM
Earl Temple. R. M. Biddulph.
CATHOLICS.
The Marquis of 11 rai HELL) presented a Pe-
tition from the Vice-Chancellor, Heads of Howes.
'and others of the University of Oxford, stating,
that they had seen, with concern, a Bill, purporting
so admit the services of all His Majesty's subjeas
in the Army and Navy, without tai :g the oaths of
allegiance and supremacy ; and swill; their appre-
hensions, that if this Bill should pass into a law, it
would break dean one of the fences of the Civil
and Ecclesiastical Establishments of the country,
and would materially ailed the stipulations of the
Aft of the Ws of Charles 11. commonly called the
Test eitit, which was passed for the security of our
Protestant Establishment ; but they hoped and
trusted, that honourable House would continue in-
violate the said Aet, and all others which had passed
for the preservation of our happy Constitution in
Church and State. The said Petition was ordered
t. be laid on the table.

Lord liF•glifPiTTY moved the second read-
ing of the War Duties Bill.
Mr. ROSE said, that several Gentlemen, then
absert, meant, as well as himself, to offer their ob-
Jeri ina to this Bill ; he should not ol•jea now to
the second reading, provided it was understood, that
the discilision would be reserved for wine future
stage of proceeding upon it.
Mr. HUSXISNON said, he should move cer-
tain Resolutions, to chew the grounds of his objeftion
to this measure.

Th. Bill was then read a second time. and or-
&red to be committed on Friday next ; wide an un-
derstanding, that the debate should be on the report
of the Committ:e. on Monday next.
A person from the Navy Office brought up, pur-
suant to notice, Accounts relative to the services of
Ileum:es Weatherhead, in the Royal Navy.
AISOLITILM OF SLAVERY.
E.erl rEitcY row, pursuant to notice, to move
for leave t.e bring in a Bill fur the "radual Abolition
of Slavery in the West India Colonies. He ex-
pressed his detestation of the cruelty praised to-
wards the Negroes, and his anxiety to raise them to
a level with the human species. His ohjea was to
declare the children of the Negroes now in a state of
slavery in the West Indies,fire, who should he born
alter a certain period to be afterwards aged on. His
Ler Isbip spoke so low that we could not distinaly
Lear any of his arguments ; he concluded with
moving, 't That leave be given to brioa in a Bill
for the gradual Abe titian of Slavery io His Ma.
jesry's Colonies in the West Indies.
Lord• H. Ph: ITY sail, that no one respelled
more than himself the motives that induced the
Nuble tirl to bring forward this motion. It did
honour to the feelings of hi; heart, at the same time
that he must deprecate all discussion on such a sub-
j,et ; the questions of the Abolition of the Slave
fride, and ti.e staisal Abolition of Slavery now
existing in the West Indies, were perfeelly distinit ;
and he was persuaded, that to push the latter ques-
tion, would tenet to risk all the benefit. whiGh were
carolled from the toe mer measure. In this opinion
he was suppinted by all the great charades: whom
he bad consulted on this subjea ; nor did he con-
sider it within tier power of tile House internally to
legiaLite for the 1% est Indies ; nor would the meo-
w'''. ,1 adopted, prove for the happiness of the
Negri re themselves. On these grounds, he wished
the :Nook Earl would withdraw his motion, and
stager toe great question which had been decided
1.41 n;ion to rest where it did. He concluded witp
usellelnellbe previous question.
/qr. said, WU in all great and important

' questiass, time was given for tlse partite, iv
interetti were aftifted, to petition %attest the
sure. Tb• presesst motion was precipitate.,
precluded the parties from that opporkinity.
would also ask, was the Noble LordAr any one
else prepared to offer r enemetat ion to the Colonists,
if they should Ise ebsprieed of the s,rvices of the
Slaves and tileir children ? Ibis was a measure
which would he fraught with ruin to the Colonists,
and should, theref sre, have his decided oppsition.
Capt. HERBERT also deprerated all discuainii
on tsis subjeft, And expressei his warns dissent to
the Noble Earl's motion.
Sir C. 1'01.2 said, he rejoiced that this motion
had been brought leeward thus early, because it
spewed the cloven foot, which bud been attempted
to be concealed ; he believed that this was one main
objet in view by the Abolitionists, fraught with
notch evil, and he trusted it woold open the eyes
of the public, to the intenticn of the promoters of
these measures.
Mr. WILBERFOItCE said, he also rejoiced
that this motion was made, but for quite a different
reason ; because it enabled hits and those with whom
he had afled, to declare it was a measure totally
distinet from the one for abolishing the Slave Trade,
and that he and his friends had cautiously avoided
intermixing it with the other question. He wished
to declare no opinion whatever upon the subje•R, but
joined in deprecating all discussion upon it.
Mr. SHERWA N acknowledged that the Abo-
lition of Slavery was the ultimate objed*which he
had in view. It was the wish and hope of his
heart. lint the Noble Lord di .I not propose now
to enfranchise the Negroes, brit proposed com-
mencing it with she new born intarits of Neg:oes,
and that at same future period, whist' would not
affeet the situation of the prvient generation of
Slaves. He blamed the cautious silence observed

, ~m
on this ;tii,jejl. He thought it but fair, plainly to
declare what their intentions were at some future
period. He denied that Parliament were incapable
of legislating for the Colonies on such a sublet,.
He would ask, by what charter or law did any Co-
lony ever acquire the right to wake men their
property ? rr bow A Colony, emonating from a free
Country and Constitution, could carry with them
any such principle, any more than they could re-
nounce their allegiance ? But he trusted the Planters
themselves would prevent the necer‘ity of any such
inrerfereace; and that, by the abekLing of the Slave
Trade, the condition of the existing Slaves would
be ameliorated ; but, if otherwise, and more ri-
gour should be exercised. he trusted that proper
exhortations would be given them by the British
Legislature. The state of ancient Slavery had
been quoted, but that was very unlike what
now existed in the West India Islands. He
read an extrad from a pamphlet written by Drid
Barclay. which stated that he had been a Planter
and Sieve owner in Jamaica, but had been so con-
vinced of the evil of Slavery, that he removed ail
his Slaves to Philadelphia, and gave them their
freedom, and that they lived ever after a peaceable,
happy, and increasing community.
Mr. W ILBER FORCE explained ; and said, that
he deprecated the discussion at this moment ; he
only looked to a gradual infusion amongst the Ne-
groes, of all the charities of life, so as to raise their
condition. and make them become fit for the enjoy-
ment of liberty.
Mr. PETER MOORE thought that the rsbjeet
in view might be accomplished without the House
looking at the Emancipation at all. Ttley had
already voted the discontinuance of th trad', and
ke conceived that they thereby not only arnelim-reel
ihe condition of the Slaves, but even the situation
of the Planters themselves. They would impr:ve
their property by driving them to a system ot eco-
nomy and good management, of which there were
but few traces of late years. He thought it highly
proper that every such discussion should be depre-
cated. He would ask the Noble Lord, what he
would propose to de with the Slaves, when they
were so emancipated ? He would need to prepare
places for their reception. This was an important
consideration with Mr. David Barclay, when he
formerly proposed some measures of a similar na-
ture. He hoped that the Noble Lord would not
press the business further.
Mr. MANNING was proceeding to state his
sentiments at considerable length; when he was in-
terrupted by
Sir CI 'ARLES POLE, who spoke to order ; as
he did not suppose that there were forty Members
in the House, be nrove4 " That the House be
counted."
rne Speaker accordingly counted the House,
and there being only thirty-five Members present,
the subje, was accordingly dropped, and the House
Adjourned.

FOREIGN INTALLIGE,VCE.

FROM THE FRENCH AND DUTCH PAPERS.

PARIS, MARCH G.
SIXTY-SECOND BULLETIN OF TUE GRANO ARMY.

LtEMTADT, /f6ll. St.
The right of the Grand Army has Leen as vietori-
ous as .she centre and the left. General Essen, at the
head cf 25,000 men, advanced to Ostrolenka, on the
rah, along both barks of the Narew. Arrived a t
the village of Flecies-I.aw•owa, he met tha advanced
guard of General Savary, commanding the sth
Cl7ps.

The Ifith, at day break, General Gazan ad.
vaned with a part of his division to eie van guard.
At nine in the morning, he met the enemy upon the
ma.] of Newogrod, attackeJ, defeated, and put
hem to the rout. The enemy attacked Ovtrolenka,
by the left bank. Gen. Campana, with a brigade
of the division of Gazan, and Gen. Ri'lini with
a brigade of the division of Gen. Oudinot, de-
fended this %Mall city. Gen. &testy sent thither the
Gen. of Division, keille, Chief of the Staff ..1 the
corps of the army. The Rossian infamy, in several
column., attempted to carry the city They were per-
mitted to advance halt into the streets. They were
charged, thrice broken, and left the streets covered
with drat. The loss of was so s•trat,

that they abandnaed the city, and took a positive'
behind the sand hills that cover it.
The divisions of Generals Suchet and Oudini
advanced : at twelve o'clock the heads of their to,
lumns Arrived at Ostrolenta. General Savari
drew up his little army la the following manner
General Oudinni, in two linet, commanded the
left ; General Sachet the centre; xnd Gen. title
commanding a brigade of the dovision of Carl
formed the right. He covered himself with bit rar...i
lery, and marched to nc.cf. the enemy. The intre.,l
General Oudinot place.) himself at the head of tie
cavalry, charged with fucce.s, and cut to pieces the
Cossacks of the rear 7uard of tl.e enemy. TN,
fire was very brisk, the enemy ;,.t: ground, mew
wa, driver,, lighting, aree leagues.
Tlie next Jay the enemy were primp* sev-trl
leagues, but without having been able to know a s
thew cavalry had been righting aid rc:c4t;eg t.
whole night.
General Suivarrow, and severrl other o: the ere,
my's officers, have been kJ:ed.—The enemy left 1,,,
hind a great number of wounded, 1:300 of them
have been picked up, and they are picuing up mom
every instant. —Seven pieces of cannon, and twa
standards, are the tro:ihres of the viarity. Tye
enemy left 1,300 dead bodies up.in the field of ba:s
tie. On ea: rede we have had sixty killed, and be.
tween 4 and faJU wounded Dat a loss that has barn
deeply felt is that of the Gen. of Brigade Campy:4
who was an ()ricer of great merit, and agree ex.
pe4tation. He was born in the department of Ma-
rengu Ti, Emperor has been mlell -grieved for
his hy.s, The 103 J regiment distuguished itseif
particularly in this affair. Among the wounded are
Colonel Dii I I arnol, of the :21st tight infantry, 5,.,1
the Colonel of Artillery N.iurrit.

The Emperor bac ordered the sth C,rps to stop.
and take winter-quarters. The maw is frighttul.
The season does nut permit the dying any 11;;14
great. It is that of repose. The screw has 1).1
the first to break up his quarters. He repents of i:.

PARIS, ss•acn 7.
The departure of the Conscripts of 18)7, may
be considered as fini►hed. There remains only a
small number of youths to set out, detained at home
by in,lisposition. Thus, in the space of one :ninth,
all the Conscripts of 1 an 7, called to the aftive ar.
my, have set out to join their standards.

MARCH 3.
A letter from the Tezel, dated the 26m Lut,
states, that on the sight of the P.-ith, a brig was cast
on shore, with the wards on her stern, " Director, sf
Sunderland, Thomas Ewa- r "
An English Commissary, according to letters
ftnm HamburO, is arrived in,the iLsoo.i, as make
preparation fur an Failish fleet that is capeCted
there.

MARCIf 9.
On the t 15.41, the Maurolees of Stanislaus the First
King of Poland. and big Queen, were transferrei
from Nancy to the church of Benzecours.

NAPLES, TEL IS.

The fullowing is an extras of a letter, dated
Monte Leone, the 7th inst.: —" We have received.
this day, certain intelligence that there has been
lately at Messina a sanguine?), battle between the
English and the Brigands. Thirty-five E-iglish have
been killed, and the Brigands have lost more than
100. The vanguard of these latter, divided into two
columns, took refuge, in part, in the tort of rhare.
while the other part passed the stteight, and de-
barked near Reggio. The English. on that day,
opened the prisons to the unfortunate persons who
have been expiating. in irons, the suspicion of being
partisans of the French. Brnlld, thus the English
arc at war against the Brigands, a::d their coalition
is dissolved.—(Menitool.

MUNICH, TEL £4.

The Russians have attempted to mount on Lots.•
back, all the nobility of Lithuania, Vohenia, and
the Ukraine, but they have resisted with all th:ir
force. The Government-has threatened to seviester
the property of the nobility, which has caused great
discontent in the whole country.

11101MKILS of Till Mliii, FM t 3.

We read in the Gazette of Breslaw, that the
Prince of Anhalt-Pless, who was thoaght to
dint up in elatz, is set off for Brannau in Bohe-
mia, with a single servant.

•ua•auac,
The list advice% from Vicuna mention, that hir.
Reinhard, late French Cinsul at Jassy, and his fa-
mily, who had been ser.t into -Russia by Central
Michelm, were met at Pußowe, 200 leagues from
Jassy, by a Courier, wh• brought the order to ret
them at liberty. To this order was annexed a very
polite letter fur Mr. Reinhard from Baron Du/-
berg, the Minister for Foreign Affairs in Russia.
Mr. Reinhard and his family are since arrived in

EIION4 ITIE ARIUS.
~ mascot 7.
" r laq via cries nf the Grind Army Sara se-
cored the advantage of irs military positionq. coos-
p!eted ilia prodigious carr paign.
prep treii the pest, shook! 11ir liitod•
