HOUSE OF COMMONS, Tnumsrmt, MIAMI 35.

The SPEAKER took the Chair at four o'clock.
Mr. Irving, the Inspector-Genera/ of Exports and Imports, prfa
gaited some annual Returns from the Custom--Ordered so by
printed.
Mr. Adrian, from the Treasur►, prevented some amnia Retorttar
relative to the Excise Duties.—Laid on the Table.
IRISH SEPULTURE.
Mr. PLUNKETT brought in • Bill to repeal the Act of
William the Third, relative to the Sepulture of Irish Rooms
Catholics.—Read a lust time, and ordered to be fead • seated fiats
ea Monday next.
EM PL it ENT OF AGRICULTURAL LA R(TVRERg.
Mr. GIPPS gave notice, that on Monday next be should apply'
for leave to bring in a Bill' for the better anp)oytasateagricultarai
labourers.

CHELTENHAM WATER-WORKS BILL.
Mr. Gil HIININ presented a petition from the pariah of Charlton!
in the town of Cheltenham, against the Cheltenham Water-weeks
Bill—Laid on the Table.

M. CII I PI'S prow nt;i a petition from another parish in Cisekaa..
ham, to the same effect.—Lalll on the 'fable.
.....

, .
ti•ir W. GUISE moved the sewed rogues of the Cheltenham/
Water- works Bill.
Sir T. LETIIBRInfit: observed, that he was extretnely
posed to ollir any obstacles to the reading of a private sill,
, aid
more especially in that stage of it ; yet, as the operation of the,.
Bill then before the Bowie went to interfere most seriously trier
the private rights and property of many individuals at Ch
arid which he should be enabled to prove, if he might I=
to cull witnesses to that bar, to cute the injuries they weirld austaisk
by the pacing of the Bill. The individuals who not sought to bet
incorporated into a water company were perfect strangers to tit
populous and increasing town of Cheltenham ; they were eaphalimm
who were desirous of laying out their money, their sole and ukr-it
mate object being no more than private gain, and which they hopett
to establish by ruining the property of many people there. It
might be said that the Bill wouM provide compeniaties to those
whose property was at all affected ; but he maintained that there
were some sonic instances in which no compensation could be
adequate; but as the expenses of bringing ointment from Cheltite..
ham to London would be most enormous, he should move that Au
Bill be read a second time that day six months.
Sir J. YORKE seconded the amendment.

Some observations were then !bide by Mr. Aldenetars SMITH.
Sir I. Coretx, Mr. Goitoots, ',twit E. SomsasEy, Sir
W. Guist, Sir E. KxATCV Nu L, Sir W. Iwo ILRY, 31r. !Sauk:-
PEN, and Sir J. IJR•IIA v I after which the House divided, whets
there appeared—
For the second reading . 9 !Against it -33
Majority .70
MANCHESTER GAS RILL.

NT. STANLEY presented two petitions from Muschester
againbt the Manchester thri Rill.—Laid on the Table.
NEttilto SLAI'ERV.

Petitions were presented agninst7l4l4;;;Tinele by Mr.TTNTE.
from Bridgewater ; by Mr. L. lict s, from Edgworth ; by thw
A TTOIINEY-CENEUAL, from Ashburton, by Mr. STANLEY,
eight, front as many parishes in Lancaster; b. Hr. NWT X. front
II adtington ; b Sir T. DA a w rk, front Guildford; awl by Mr.
SvNts, front Hull; all of which were entered to be !sad on the
table.

V

IMPORTATION OF FOREIGN WOOL.
Fir W. GUISE yiresented petitions from Wootani.wrider-E4m,
Bewky, and Stroud, three parishes in filoucestenhive, against the
importation of foreign wool—Laid on the Table.
EXPORTATION OF lAONG WOOL.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL preessted a petition from
Ashburton, against the exportation of lon wool.
A similar nation was presented by Sir G. WARRENDER
groin 11ct wickteed to lie on the Table.
IRISH FARMING TONTINE COMPANY.
Sir R. SHAW presented a petition from the Farmiag Tontine
Company of Ireland, for a grant of pub& money to tcfray the
arrears of c-nt charge.— bard on the Table.
EXCISE LICENCES. •
Sir W. NIGHTINGALE presented a petition from the Inn.
holders, Sc. of a perish in Suffolk against the Excise Licericea.

.1

r

Y~

1
} b
!~
a' '{~

F

HIDES AND SKINS.

_ A
similar- peu was presented by Mr. LENNARD, trots
,olwich and Charlton.
- Ordered to lie on the table.
CO3l B I NATION LAWS.

Mr. STANLEY presented a peti,lun (tool the mover tradesmen
a: the town of Preston, praying that no alteration might be made
I the Combination lawn.--Lard on the table.
Air. MANSFIELD peasented a petition 'from the journeymen
wool-entnbtra df Leicester against the l'unibination LAWS..
Similar petitions were presented by Lord Ease xna, from the
loartleymen boot and shoe makers of the town of I Icretord ; and by
)It. D 4! SPORT, Boatthe janneymea bout and shoe =Acts ofl
tockkort.
talon the table.

---
DUTY ON CfITIDAO
46- LAMBTON preattted a petition front the ship-builders of
tift, poet Of beadeelaad aga:rutt the duties on cordage.—Laiii on
the Sable. •

Mrs,S. WORTLEl'prescnted a petition from the tunas and
sunders of Sheffield against the duty on hides and skius.—Laid on.
Air tabit.
RUSSIAN AND SWEDISII IRON.
41t. If: W presented a petition from the cutlers against
theidoties on Russian and Swedish tron.—Laid on the table.
ASSESSED TAXES.
air. PIIIPPS presented a petition from the hntiseholders of Sear-
bstrough priving ler a repeal of the Assessed Taxes.
It. POWs MAN presented a petition from the town of Brad-
t nl the Douse and Window Tax.
Sit E. KNATURBUI/G presented a petition from Greenwich
against Ow Window lax.'
All et widch were ordered to lie on the table.
•• • POOR RATES.

thyE. KNATCH BULL prettented a petition from Greenwich,
praying lot a remiuian M the Proor-antra-I.aitl on the table.
, • • ' DRAWBACK OS WOOL.

Lord E. f.4ODIERSET presented a petition, from the holders of
stocks of wuol, praying for a drawback of 6d. per pound on the
stock in hatid.—Lavd on the table.

The Noble Lord also presented two petitions against the reduc-
; Sion or the foreign duties on wool.
• Mi. CURTElS.presented' a similar petition from Lewes, in
Vusaea.

'T Sir J. YORKE thought that ate moot efßcient mode of relief'
that the Chancellor of the Exchequer could 'nowt to would bc, that
of a►ing off the Assessed Taxes. Thq relief of the people gene-
rally was deserving of primary notice ; If would be time enough to
think of the rc:icf of the wool manufactoreri when they had agreed
amongst themselves what dutkis ought to bc taken off, and what
kept oo.—l.ald on the table.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition from the merchants of
Bristol, praying that a similar permiggion might be granted to
those engaged in that branch of trade as wit extended to the milk-
manufacturers in this country. They were permitted by the Chan-
t:gibe of the Exchequer the advantage of the drawbacks on ini-
ported silk and wool; which was one of the principal imports of the
country, which was the elder brother of the two, if he might
uso the expression, should not he denied a like indulgence.
SLAVERS'.

Sir J. MACKINTOSH presented a petition from a town in
Wiltshire, praying for the abolition of slavery. It wan generally
signed by the ia.abitants, with the singular exception of the
tholffnarin of the town. (Hear, hear.)
Lord STANLEY presented a petition from a town in Lanes.
alum agsdast the Hides and Skins Hill.
