THE ENTERPRISE STEAM VESSEL.

The following is an extract of a letter written by a pas-
senger in the Enterprise steam vessel, on her ray to India,
and dated Gape Town, Oct. 14:—
" We have at last reached the Cape in safety, and though we
have made a long voyage, the practicability of the thing is esta-
blished, and I hope the experience that nas been gained will in
future obviate the many inconveniences and disadvantages we
have laboured under during this voyage of experiment. In the
first place, the engines are not large enough for so heavy a vessel,
for in 'the calmest weather we were never able to get more than
eight knots from her. Another mistake seems to have been, the
little regard paid to the importance of the sailing department,
and, certainly not the least, the inefficiency of the crew.
We were particularly unfortunate in my winds ; in fart,
nobody could have anticipated such uniMrtn,bad lurk ; we
have generally had to steam against heavy seas and head winds, but
even that could have been combated with, if we had had fuel enough.
We ran short of it; were obliged to steer westerly to get winds,
and it was generally agreed that this circumstance lost us ten days
at least. From what 1 have seen, lam as sanguine ta ever in
ferour of the undertaking, and I feel fully convinced that the
voyage may almost be rendered a certainty. The slavery of ship.
ping coals, and the inconvenience to all An board, cats only be con.
etived by those who have suffered from 14; the dust was intolerable;
you might have mistaken us all for Africans. I understand this
nuisance will be removed next voyage, and that they intend to esta-
blish several depots, ant only fie the coal boxes forward, which will
be sufficient for about fifteen days' consumption ; such a plan would
enable them to carry a good deal of cargo. The machinery is excel-
lent. and has not been out of order during the voyage ; the engines did
all that was expected froth them. We have steamed for ten days
together, without stopping for more than ten minutes a-day to oil
the different puts of it, which is, I believe, about three times as,
lung as any other vessel would hare done. The flues of the boil
were covered with a thick incrustation after having steamed for any
time, which was always chipped off, whenever they stopped, to
clear the engine thoronghly. From being obliged to deviate ftonr
our course, we put into St. Thomas's, no we required water. The
Governor is a Portuguese General ; he dined on board, and we
paid hint the respect of appearing in our uniforms. We drank the
King of Portugal's health in three times three: he returned thank's._
and proposed the health of George the Fourth. By a private signal
he fired a royal salute front the I ort at the same instant : it had its
effect, and the King's health was never more loyally toasted.'

The matt prominent trait of beauty in ether sex is a fine
Head of Hair ; and the attention of youth of both sexes is parti •
milady directed to that inestimable and useful ornament, as that
attended to in youth la a sure preventive, and fixes a stamina for
a beautiful bend of hair. The only article that really possesses
nutritious virtues for promoting a luxuriant growth of hale and
beautiful Bowing curls, la Rowland's Macassar Oil. By the regular
use of this Oil, the hair will continue in high preservation, and
transcendently beautiful to the latest period of life. As impostors
purchase the empty bottles, and offer for Bale a pernicious compo-
sition instead of the genuine, it is Indispensably necessary to ask for
" Rowland's Macassar Oil," and observe the prices are 311. 6d.--
75.-10 s. 6d. and 21s. and each genuine bottle, is wrapped in a
book, signed on the outside, in red, " A. Rowland and Son,"
20, I iatton-garden.
COUNTERFEIT COlN.—Notwithstanding the numerous
examples that have been made in order to effect the suppression of
coining, it is extraordinary that the practice was never before car.
ried to such an alarming extent. Within the last week there have
been no less than eight capital committals, some for making, Otilet3
far tittering counterfeit coin, and another concern of this nature has
just been detected in Somera.town, wherein a great numter of per-
sons are &aid to have been concerned. The discovery was made in
conscquence of private information conveyed to the magistrates of
Ilatton-garden police-office, who despatched Edwards and Um-
bria, two very active officers, there on Friday. The prirripol was
seized on the spot, in the act of colouring a qtmndty of bad half.
crowns by the application of a chyroicol mixture, which is rubbed
over the surface, and gives them the appearance of silver. A large
box, containing nearly 40t. worth of the same spurious metal, was
also secured. The fellow has been committed, pro tens. to the Ncw
Prison, as the officers expect to be able is secure the remainder of
the gang.

- SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.

LIVERPOOL, Itlnse.ty, Dec. 26.

Wind N.W. heavy squally. with rain.—lligh water 31 m. p. 11.
. .

Arrived the Thotmons, Brown., from Al iramichi ; Milo, %recd.
berry, from Charleston. sailed 4th December; Elizabeth, Nelson,
from Demerara, sailed 224 November; Atlas, Cleg. from Amend
and Ceara. sailed 20th November; Hannah, Crowder, from Ha.
aux ; Idria, from Miramichi ; JAMCR, Crane. from Riche.
buctoo; John Marsh, --, from Prince Edward's Inland; John,
King, from Newfoundland.
The Mon:rose. Davies, from Antigua, for Liverpool, has ar-
rived with loss of ruthler.
The Torn, —, front Liverpool, has arrived at Rio de Ja.
neirn.

The Solina, Long&ld. from Liverpool, hag arrived at Mobile.
The Agricola, Wryer, from Liverpool, hal are • ed at Charleston.
The A trim, Cox, from Liverpool, has arrived at IVtgesaset.
The Hope, Vernon, from Pernambuco, arrived at Ceara 14th
Nove:nber, and sailed for Maranham.

FALMOI2rn, Dec. arrirals or sailings.—Wind W. to
IV.N.W.
PORT93IOCTH, DEC. ?ft —Arrived from the Downs the Gover-
ner. Harcourt, Dixon; :ipartao, Young; Thetis, Crisp; Cape
Packer, Duncan ; Sealark, Warren ; St. George, Brown ; Water.
100, Leveque; James Harris, Innes; Carneleon, Johnson ; and se-
veral other outward-bound vessels working in. names unknown.
His Majesty's ship Boyal Oak went out of harbour yesterday, and
remains at Spithead, bound to Bermuda. The Castle Forbes, Ord,
for Madras and Bengal, having completed her repairs. went out of
harbour rn-day, and remains at the Motherhaok, waiting a fair
wind.--Wind, N.W.
SOUTHAMPTON, DEC. 21.—The Nemesis, Smith, from St.
Andrew's. N. B. (arrived here) parted with hot moorings in a
gale of *lnd in St. Andrew's river, and received considerable
damage on the rocks.
DEAL Dec. N.—Arrived and sailed for the river the Quebec
pecker, Atkinson • the Thomas IVallace. —, and the Lord Mel-
ville, Robertson, erom Quebec; the William, —, from Miunii-
ehi the Nestor. of London, and the Brothers, of Scarborough,
from the Westward. Arrived from the river lEnd sailed, th 2 Clydes-
dale, Rose, for Madras. Arrived from the fiver and remain, the
Volunteer, of Cork ; the Resolution, Parker, for the Isle of France ;
the Orinthia, Welsh. for Batavia. Several of the outward-bound
remain.—Wind, W.N.W.
' MA 11 GATE°, Dec. 20.—A wreak, apparently a North American-
btilt of about 150 tons, nothing standing but her bow-
sprit, was past on the 18th inst. in lat. 48, long. 16, by the Calista,
Plunkett, arrived efF here.
Gnavcsrwn, DEC. 28.—Arrived the Ruby, Wood, from I
Memel; alulgrare Castle. Jeffernon, from Dantzic ; Peace,
Cooper, from ditto; June, Campbell, from Riga; Oscar, Mearns,
front ditto ; l'crcival. Frost, from ditto; Collingwood, Evans,
from flambusgii ; Wellington. Forster, from Riga; Seven Bro-
thers, Fenwicl:, fro.n Narvs ; Georgiana, Merger. from Alton& ;
Unity, 51earns, from Petersburgh ; Industry, Wood, from Dant-
zic ; Aid, Alder, from ditto; and Acosta. Chadwick. from New
York. Sailed the Clydesdale, Rose, for Madras.; Bucephalus,
Guild, for Gibraltar; Nelly, Darrell, for Trieste; and Dart,
Stranack, for Os:end.
blur r„ Dec. 24. The Regent, Cole, from Mirate•chi for this
port, was parted* with previous tattle 11th inst. off the Barks of
Newfoundland, very leaky. '

Dormanvorr, DEC. 21.—The Endeavour, William, of and
for Painely. from Cork, is lost near flallyroaey, and only the
master and mate saved.—About 2,00 hides hare been saved out,
of the Esther.

YOUGHALL, Dec. 22.-..-ThoCatherine, Richards, has been got
off: and it is expected will be in this harbour next tide. A
schooner, laden with fruit, Cuppolied to belong to Penzance, is
wrecked in Ardmore Bay—The Elizabeth, Copley, from hence to
Newport, is on chore at Ballycotton ; crew saved ; vessel expected
to be got off—The Britannia, Benoke, of Padataw, is totally lost
near Ballycotton ; only the master saved.
CorE or Coax, Me. 2l.—The Mercury, Devereux, arrired
here from Gottenburgh, for Boston, is leaky, and has lost bul-
wark., stunchions. &c. She experienced tremendous gales, and
her stern frame is shook.

GALWAY.. Di e. 21.—The Provost, from hence for London,
whjch was wrecked near Barns Ist instant, has been sold with her
cargo.

Thy nacoNA, DEc. I.s.—The Dolphin, Donley, has been
hove down. the necessary repairs done, and she is now re-loading
her cargo of nuts.

The Bell, Cook, from Shields fur London, sunk elf Yarmouth
on Sunday.
The St. Joseph, Sartlie, from Genoa for Ilavannah, was totally
lost near Mahon, during a gale, the 19th ult.
The Nawau. Came, from Sydney for London, sailed from Port
Jackson, 9th June, and has not since been heard of.
