from the viesibs of a statesman, to whom Turk, Jew,
and Christian, should appear all alike. la reply to
this observation, we do not mean to go so far back
at the Crovades. We do not seek to justify au in-
terference in favour of the Greeks, by reference to
those wars which displayed so much romance and
gallantry, which rendered England renowned for
feats of arms, and established her love of religion
and justice. We shall ►efer only to the case of the
slave trade. Have we not interfered for the op-
pressed and injured African, not only at great
pecuniary expense, but at the risk of incurring
the enmity of a aeighboaring nation ? And from
what cause? ‘Vhy, the mere motive of humanity.
Has suffering Greece then no similar claim ? Of
the population of Scio, those who escaped the
sword, the women and children, have been sold is
slavery. Their hardships are as severe as the hor-
rors of the Middle Passage, but how infinitely more
intense must be the pain they endure! The poor
African, removed only a degree from the brute
creation, cannot feel and suffer like the Greek, who
enjoys the comfort, and is used to the habits of ciri.
lized life. With respect to Catholic Emancipation,
Mr. CANNING and his predecessor, we believe,
stand nearly on a par. As far as an individual vote,
and a speech in the House of Commons, could go
to effect that object, the cause has had the fall bene.
fit of their talents. On this point, then, we want
110 stew pledge from the new Secretary for Foreign
Affairs; but it will be grateful to the friends of libertv
to have some intimation from the Treasury Journals,
that he does not, like his predecessor, regard the
atrocities of the Turks as mere acts of retaliation;
a sort of warfare in which both parties are perhaps
to blame, and from the impossibility of ascertain-
ing on which side justice lies, no Power can inter-
fere without the risk of doing wrong.

Madrid Papers to the 13th, and Bayonne Papers
to the 40th, arrived last night. The King of
SPAIN makes daily sacrifices to public opinion,
Eleven superior officers, quartered at Valencia,
have been banished, as enemies of the constitutional
system. A long list of proscriptions is expected to
follow the execution of Euo.

A Dutch Moil arrived lot night, with Papers to
the 25th inotant. The following ore extracts:—
FRAVIEFORT, 1111.T1111111111 19.

The letters from Constantinople of the 25th alt.
are slot yet arrived, end the Vienna Papers contain
no further particulars respecting the state of affairs
in Greece; but letters have been received by way
of Trieste, in which the cruse of the Greek. is by
no means given up as 'desperate—and they affirm,
on the contrary, that they have again obtained ad-
vantages over the Turks.
It appears that the Austrian accounts were
founded nu truth, that the Turks have really over-
run Livadia, occupied Corinth, and sent troops to
Argos to attack the insurgents in the heart of the
Peninsula. It is true that the Senate of Argos took
flight, and sought an asylum on board the ships in
the Gulf of Napoli ; bat the Greeks deny that
with this all resistance on their side was at an end.
It remains a riddle how Chourschid Preha passed
the defiles, as the Greeks still maintain that Odys-
seus is not a traitor, and that lie still defends him-
self in the pass of Thermopylae; sod the letters
front Trieste of the 6th and 7,h September men-
tion reports from the Mores of the tgt h August,
and front Argos itself of the 20th, which relate,
with many details, the victories obtained by the
Greeks.

More circumstantial accounts most be waited for
to clear up all the particulars of the case, and espe-
cially what force the Turks have at their disposal
in these parts, to enable us to form a more correct
judgment of the situation of the contending par-
ties. The Bement, that will be given is the Aus-
trian Papers art expected with impatience. Mean-
time the news that the Greeks have not lost their
courage, and have taken steps to put an end to the
dissections which have already done so much ir-
jury, has excited the greatest joy throughout
Germany.

It is supposed that no measures will be taken by
the civil power iu the north of Germany respecting
the order of the Freemasons.

UTRECHT, SEPTEMBER N.

For some days past there has been • continual
passage of troops through this city, both corps of
cavalry, proceeding to the Gorzel Heath, and seve-
ral regiments of infantry, going to the camp nor
Zeist. Our garrison also has left the city.

LIGNITZ, ssmuste 7.
On the 17th of last month the village of Mil.
rig, ors the Oder. two leagues from Reseals, was
visited by a terrible hurricane, accompanied with a
severe tempest, and torrents of hail and rain ; large
messes of rock fell down, and a part of the Oder
winch was navigable the day before, formed towards
evening • perfect sandbank. where above 30 men
who were employed in loading the boats on the
Oder could walk without danger. Several weasels
in the Oder laden with merchandise were io great
danger, from the sodden deluge of water. of going
to the bottom. The inhabitants of Mist have
lost their rich vintage ; even some vineyards have
been washed down from above, and vines and fruit
trees carried to • considerable distance into the
valley.

The D.ke of YOSK and the Primes's Soren
visited his MASMITT yesterday.
