[From the Etoile, dated Saturd •1, June 101

PARIS, Jtrrit 9.
The following is our answer to the article in the Joarnal des
-buts of to-day :
It is not true 'hat, in the final drawing op of the promised
answer, the Turks wanted to slip in a clause for the restotation of
the fortresses of Asia.
This is one of the points to be treated of by the Commissioners
of the two Powers, and which therefore are not to precede the oego-
t,ations, as the Journal des Debuts says.
It it not true that the Most animated and sermon altercations
retarded the answer of Turkey. It is not true that the ingsbar4i
itiloirette speaks of negotiators appointed to treat with the Serrian
Deputies.
What is not doubtfal is, that in spite of the serious anti numerous
difficulties with which the Jos mil des Debut: pretends to surround
the negotiations, their Issue will be pacific. The plan of the Turks
is to avoid at all events a war with the Russians, and the wish of
Europe is for peace. What it desires fur the Greeks, it expects
Irmo the agreement of the great powers, who may in union stop
the /fusion of Christian blond in that unhappy courrry.

fattrcit Fusrus.—Pests. Jo sr 9.... Five per ( ems. 97f. 15e.
Three p Cents.. WI. 130 c. ; Beek Stock, 2050 f. Rental de Na.
plea, 72f. 4.5 c.; Recites de Espagne, fe.; Royal Spanish Loan,
•7f.

We have received Hamburgh and Flanders Mails, from
vehicle we extract the following paragraphs
:--
ST. PETERS9UROII.
On the 26:h of May died here, Lady StratVord, wife of the
ENgliah Ambassador at this Court. after a Severe illness, eaused by
the voyage, during the winter, when she was in an advanced state
ol pregnancy. She was net thirty-eight years of age, and leaves
11e1101 children, the youngest of whom is only six months old. She
was a tender inoilier, an affectionate wife, and a pattern of every
female virtue. •

,"STOCAHOLIA, MAY 30.
On the 14th of this month a treaty was concluded at St. poen.
'Weigh, between our A mbrostlir at that Court and Count Ne4el-
vole. Laing the boundary b' wren Norwegian and itimian
had. The K'ng ratified thin treaty on the 27th.— Ilatalerg Cur.
respondent. VA J 2 _

kiaIANDES ON LONDON.

AMIRTROH, Jux► 6.-37 2; Two illoctlas 36 11.
l'k TILIIIIIIIIIIOH. IIAY 23.-9 11.32.

Bantam. JunES.— null: ,Montlas,7•
Bien L 31, Ai 9.—Two Months, 625—Hansburgh Papers,
SA Jaime.

We have seceivecl American papers to the 14th May.
We can only call the attention of our readers to the ac-
couots from Brazil.

NFIr YORK, MAY 13.
LATEST eitOw fhaett..—We have been poately favoured
wish letters front Pernambuco to April 10th, which firniall us
with wear interesting reinstka on the state of the country, and
the war with IA Plate.
A /we paper there acknowledges losses in the South, and the
wretched state of the navy, which had then done noshing. It ap-
pears also, th it there has been a risit:g of the Lagunistas or ',nor's
petty, in !donee-Vtdeo, hot (iv:. lUagessiorith gnat exertio.., heel
rowed order, and ordered out 4000 'nen to form a line °cuticle of
Or 64. and defend j4e gates sad walls.
Cie e. ietteor has been removed (rout Lb command, and Is about re-,

twining to Rio Janeiro. An these facts are stated with great apish
• in the Centime/ of Liberty, a Brazilian Paper, which adopts a style
more bold than any papers we have met with from that country
since the overthrow of the liberal government. 1
The port of Patagonia is open 4 and from Santa Lucia up to
Maldonado there is not a Brazil vessel of war, so that the Buenos
Ayresna send over constant supplies in their river boats. The
river is all open, and some foreign vessel enters Buenos Ayres
every day, and they all declare they had lint met one of the £m.
penes squadron. Many persons in Monte Video are attached to
the patriots by various bonds and connexions.
The newspaper above-mentioned contains an advertisement, with
drawings of two death's heads, offering 4,000 milreas reward for
the head of Rivera, and 3.000 for that of Laivalleja, Commander-in-
Chief of the Eastern Province, without the bodies, these sums
having been raised by subscription at Rio, and deposited for pay-
ment at Monte Video. Such Inhuman measures will tenth to over-
: throw the Imperial cause which they are intended to support—a
cause which certainly now appears in a critical situation.
Extract of a letter from Washiegton 4—A treaty with Denmark
wt.% coofirmed by the Senate on Friday. A Senator told me that it
is made in terms of liberality and perfect reciprocity. assuring a
free and open commerce, and relieving our merchants front the pay-
ment of any high -r toll, when their ships pass the Sound. than is paid
by the most favoured nation (Great Britain.) It also gives se-
curiry to the property of our citizetis In St.' Croix, as well whilst
resident as to their heirs.
MINISTER TO LONDON.—Albert Gallatin, a whig of the
revolution, and one of the most able men of the age, has been ap-
pointed the successor to Mr. King, at the Court of St. James.
•It was expected that Mr. Brown, now at Paris, would have
been transferred to London, and that Mr. Gallatin, so fami-
liar with our affairs with the French Cabinet, would have
taken his place. This extraordinary appointment of a
citizen of the old democratic party shows how unsettled
are the views of Mr. Adams and his Cabinet. With the
disappointments which many expectant% will feel on this occasion,
we have nothing to do. It it is meant to conciliate mold ti 44 n and
catch Pennsylvania, we have doubts of its suss. Far different
would hare been the state of things had Mr. Adams, ab
made such selettiuns, instead of th.oving Itimselt into the arms of
the old federalists. Mr. Sanford was very confidently spoken ass
Minister to London, for which his experience, fortune, and dr.-
drigu'iated reputation, eminently finality him ; but Mr Adams
could not afford to lose a friend In the Senate belles, he wishes
to run him as Governor, next fall, in this State. These extcytive
favours come very slowly after many promise..

The country is now occupied, from one extremity to the
other, with the important business of a General Election ;
and though it is yet early in the contest, we may pretty ac-
curately perceive what is the touchstone by which the
public arc disposed to try those who seek to represent them.
' Among other subjects, it appears that, in those quarters
where the champions of Anti-Colonial principles have in-
fluence, the 'West India question has not unfrequently been
brought into the field. It is our wish, and we hope our
Practice, to discuss with candour every public question ; and
therefore we cannot avoid remarking, that whilst we agree
with, we believe, the far greater portion, even of the West
India Planters themselves, in detesting slavery in general,
and although we are desirous not to violate the liberty of Afri-
cans, we are at the same time anxious not to infringe upon
the property of Englishmen. It is one of the blessings of the
British Constitution that it recognizes the right of every
portion of the empire to be indiscriminately represented in
its Legislature. It can never be maintained that our Co-
lonial interests should not, in some degree, participate in
this advantage. If it be intended, then, to legislate with
justice, as regards the government of our West Indian pos-
sessions, we must ask, how this can be so adequately ef-
fected u by admitting to Parliament men who possess all
die requisite details, and can furnish all the information
entitled to credit on a subject, too apt to be misrepre-
sented by party, and too often distorted by prtjudice ? It
is inconceivable that, in a case naturally difficult, and ren-
dered doubly so by the remoteness of the scene of action,
men should be insensible to the advantage of having in
the 43:•nate individuals whine local knowledge fits them to
legislate with justice and with prudence, whilst their cha-
racter, their connexion in England, and C.- lc responsibility
to their Constituents, are sufficient guarantees that they will
also legislate with integrity. Those owners of West India
property who reside in England, and whc aspire to resume
seats in Parliament which they have long tilled with ho-
nour, are at the same time, in general, landed proprietors in
this country. Their feelings and their interests identify
them with both parties—they obviously stand as a con-
necting link between Parliament and the Colonies at large;
they are the only authentic source through which the one
can dispense impartial justice to the other ; and such Can-
didates can never find their connexion with the West In-
dies a ground of rejection with any elector, who has not
first reconciled himself to the injustice of consigning a
large portion of his fellow-subjects to be condemned un-
heard.

CiTY, SATURDAY EVENING.

There was a severe contest to-day between the Dulls and Hears,
Ind there has been a very brisk contest In the Stock Market to-day,
where party spirit hu raged with as much violence as on the
hustirgs at Guildhall. On the opening of business there appeared
•0 be a coalition among several of the dealers to increase the panic
occasioned by the scarcity of money, and the consequent advance of
Stock, and before eleven o'clock the speculations were carried to a
grett extent. Consols for account, which opened at 84. fell to 40i,
while for the first transfer nearly 200,0001. were sold at line. Re-
port' then became so prevalent of a fall in French Stock at Pill ie,
that those who had bought at 1.114, were glad to get rid of their
Stock at fill. Reduced, at the same moment, declined from 791 to
N. In this state of the market, the speculators for a rise took all
the Stuck that could be ebutir.ed at 801. so that by the middle of
the day Consols advanced to what they were at the opening of the
market. Iti the course of the afternoon some further attempts were
made by the minor operators to &Tres" the Funds, but they did
not succi.ed beyond 1 per cent., and at four o'clock 804 was the
ncarest quotation otCunsols fur the first transfsr, and 130/ buyers
fur the account.

There was a slight depression in the Foreign Market this morning,
bet it recovered in the afternoon to nearly the same quotations as to
the early part of the day. Russian tell front 614 to 80f. and rose again
to lint Mulish fluctuated between blit and tiBe. There is very
li:tle butiness in time bargains in the Republican Bonds ; but no
i.tra is entertaitted of extending the duration of the Account, ex, in
the event of any extraordinary fluctuation, it might he attended
ith much inconverticnce. 'ftte quotations of Colombian and
3lexican Bonita arc gcoorally rather lower titan yesterday, but
without any obvious cause. Greek Bonds, width left ea' yesterday
at Li, have been sold at

WINDNOR, JuHg 11.

This morning divine service was performed in the pri-
vate chapel in the Royal Lodge, by the R,:v. Dr. Blom-
berg.

Yesterday his Majesty, attended by the Duke of Wel-
lington and other visitors, drove in his pony phaeton front
the Royal Lodge to the Castle, where the King was re-
ceived by Mr. Wyattville, &c. who attended his Majesty
over the different extensive works ; which ecculiid the
King about an hour, when his Majesty drove to the Royal
Lodge to dinner.
Great bustle is anticipated here to-morrow. when the
election commences. The candidates are John Rams-
bottom, Esq. and Richard Hussey Vivian.—The town has
been very full during the last week. The terrace is crowded
this afternoon, where the excellent baud of the 63d Regt.
are playing.

The Duke of York rcturued to town on Saturday from
Froginore.

Saturday the Duchess of Gloucester and the Princess
Sophia visited the Prineen Augusta.
Saturday the Earl and Coutittss of Liverpool lift town
for their seat at Coombe-wood.

Mr. Secretary Canning teturned to town last evening,
from a visit to the King.
On Saturday morning, about half-past ten o'clock, the
Lords of Ins Majesty's Privy Council, consisting of the
President, Lord Stowe!, and the Master of the Rolls, as-
sembled at the Council Office, iVhitehall.
_ _

CARLISLE.—Tht ifuncliester Guord;an, after quoting
the accounts in the Landon Papers, of the riots at Carlisle,
adds,." We have seen another account of this melancholy
affair in a private letter to a gentleman in this town, which
states that the people locked Sir Philip Musgrave up in a
loom-shop, and insisted on his trying to weave a piece of
calico, in order that he might learn how they had to labour
for their bread. Sir Philip, we believe, is an advocate for
the Corn Lawq, which, in some degree, accounts fee the
animosity of the people."Ncw YORK, MAY S.—Kt:dm—l: tl.is eminent tragc-
dian arrives front Charleston in the course of the day, he
will, if in health, appear this evening in Richard. It is I
said he is on board the Saluda.

THE BRITISH PRESS.

CITY ELECTION.

SECOND DAY, SATURDAY', Juicy: 10.

The polling commenced this day at nine o'clock in the morring,
and was kept up with great spirit until three. At that hear the
ertu.bers were snnotnced to be as follows

Aldermen Thompson 912 I Mr. Ward 72
Aldermen Waithman 84 The Lord Mayor - 700
Alderman Wood - 822 Alderman Garrett . 281;

When the acclamations of the friends of the different Candidates
had in some degree subsided, Mr. Alderman Oarratt presented
himself on the hustings. He was received with shouts of " Off,
off—withdraw," and other marks of disapprobation. He com-
menced by observing that he had received permission from the
oilier Candidates to address a few words to them, and he hoped
that the circumstances in which he had unfortunately been placed
would be considered as some apology for thus obtruding himself
out of the regular order in which it would be his title to be heard.
He felt anxious to explain, to their satisfactioa, and for the in-
formation of his friends, some matters which it seemed tad been
taken in • different point of view by the Lord Mayor and his
Honourable Friend. Nothing could, he conceived, b.. more grate.
ful to the mind of man than to have the opportunity of placing his
character before die eyes of his friends in the light in which he
felt it ought to be viewed, and it was to accomplish that end that
he now sought their attention. It was his wish to place ever
thing respecting the late occurrences on the proper footing which
they ought to occupy. It appeared that the Lord Mayor, whom he
was happy to call Isis friend, /0 a private conversation which he
held with him some months ago, bad, amongst other things, coked
hint whether it was his intention to stand as a Candidate for the
City at the ensuing Election ? What the answer had been he
need not state; but it scented that his Lordship had taken a very
different view of the mature of that answer, and construed a general
observation, made under particular circumstances, into a distinct
and positive pledge that he would not at any time become • Candi.
date. Ile kit convinced that the Lord Mayor and Isis friends be.
lieved most conscientiously that such was the meaning of his
declaration; but he trusted the Livery knew enon.,,h of him to be
satisfied, that if he looked upon that conversation in the same light
Its they had done, he never could have been found to obtrude him-
self as he had done upon their notice. (Applause.) Ile 'ruined
they knew him too well to suppose that lie could now do
any thing which might have ,he eftet of tarnishing the charac-
ter he had acquired among them In the offices he had had
the honour to support. (Cheers.) An explanation had, however,
taken place; and, as it appeared that the Lord Mayor and his
friends did consider the conversation to contain a pledge, he felt
himself bound to withdraw wholly front the contest in which they
wet,: engaged. (Lout) cheering.) Ile could not do so, however,
without expressing to those friends who had given him their spon-
taneous and unbiassed support, his grateful settee of their kindness
and generosity; and he hoped, as the differences between him
and his friend had terminated without any alteration of the friendly
feelings which before subsisted between them, that the whole con-
test would still be conducted with the same good humour and good
feeling on the part of all the candidates. (Applause.)

Alderman Trion Paoli next came forward, and was received
with considerable applense. He-begged she Livery to accept his
most gratefulscknowledgments and heartfelt thanks, for the pre-
eminent situation in which they had placed him on the poll ; a si.
tuation which was the more grateful to his feelings, .because it was
not procured by any promises or professions on his part, but was
the effect of their kind and considerate estimate of his conduct
during the time he had a seat In Parliament. (Cheers.) He
trusted they would continue their exertions in his favour, and
should he be so fortunate as to obtain the object of his ambition,
which their kindness left no reason to doubt, it should be his con-
stant endeavour to support their interests as traders, and to main.
tams their rights and privileges as citizens of London. (Great
applause.)
Alderman WAITHMAN then presented himself amid the trium-
phant shouts of his friends. He said, that when he yesterday had
the honour to address them, he told them that he did not consider
his unexpected situation upon the poll as any criterion of public
opinion upon his conduct, and that be would not have been disap-
pointed, if he hail been even much lower than they had that day
placed him by their exertions. He said, too, that Saturday was an
inconvenient day for the trading classes to leave their business, and
that, consequently, popular candidates hail always found them-
selves falLon that day in the number of their voters. Ile had In-
vited them to counteract by their efforts the effect of that circum-
stance, and he had now to thank them for having done so, and for
having placed him so much higher on tite poll than he had any rea-
son to expert. No matter, however, what might be his situation •
on the poll, us long as he had an assurance of poseessing the good
opinion of his fellow-citizens, no distinction of height could give
him any greater satisfaction. He had no more to say at preset::
than to request that those who had been all day in attendance in
support of his interests, would now separate as quickly as porible,
and each man repair to different quarters and canvass for him with
all his might. (Cheers and laughter.) They had the power, and
if they could be induced to use it, they might put in whoever they
pleased. Ile thanked them for the support they had hitherto given
to his cause; he had adopted it on public grounds and from public
feeling, and the triumph, if they could achieve it, would not be the
triumph of the individual, but of independence. (Cheers.) He
had taken no part against any other candidate. Ile had, he trusted,
stated fairly the grounds on which he 'ought their favour, without
depreciating the merits or preteasines.of others; and he had now
only to say,lest he should think be meant it jocularly,that it was his
most earnest request that every man might canvass with ■ll his
power; with such an exertion they could not but Anticipate an
effectual triumph. (Great applause.)
Mr. Alderman WOOD was received with load cheers, inter
mixed with a few hisses. He Paid that he fed highly grateful to
the Livery for the honour they had done him but whether he
was to be tit the top, or in the middle, or anywhere else on the
poll, was a question for them to determine., So that he was safe in
the House of Commons lie should be thsnkful, there to advocate
the cause of the people, and of true and irmependent principles ;
for without these a seat in Parliament would not be desirable to
him. When he had yesterday told them that his only desire was
, to serve them, and that he had always been zealous in their cause
(" Aye, and honest too," exclaimed a friend in the cause), he
was proud, indeed, of the justice which they were pleased to favour
him with. He deflid any man to impute to him with truth any
breach of faith or deviation from his principles. (Applause.) He
' knew now that he stood as well with the Livery, after serving them
for three Parliaments. as he old at any moment of his life: He
had this day polled 161 more votes than he received on the second
day of the last election. (A pp'auee.) Its mentioned yesterday
that this day's state of the poll would sliew he had done his duty.
(Bravo ! and cries of " You always did.") Indeed their honest
faces had so told him during the day, and he was glad that the
time of merriment in the sixth hour had come upon them.
(Laughter.) Every body looked grave and quiet for five hours,
and it was time now to have some merriment. Ile wished them
now a good evening. As to-morrow was the Sabbath, and a day
of rest, he would take his leave of them until !Ilontlay. In the
mean time he hoped they would enjoy purer air than the Hall
afford-A; and during their enjoyment employ themselves in
canvassing for him, as they were called upon to do fur his
worthy friend (Mr. ♦lderman I(aithinan) who had preceded him.
(Cheers.)

Alt. WART) then addressed the Liverr, amidst loud cheers and
still louder hisses. He observed. when he had the'hononr to appear
before them yesterday, that he did not ret•.ard the state of the poll
vs any evidence of the estimation in which his cause was held by
the voters, and that he telt confident the expression of opinion on
the next day would be much more favourable. That anticipation
had been juatilied by the event. for lie had now the pleasure of see.
ing his name placed higt-er than it was ymertlay. (Cheers and
hisses.) He could not but look upon that circumstance as a proof
that from bzcoming better acquainted with him they, had acquired
• better opinion of him. He entertained no donbt that the feeling
of good sill would increase, and that during the text week he
would hate to boast a much greater degree of their favour. Ile
respected the oh adage, ,• Slow and sure, and if he but crept up
on the poll every day as he had done that day, he wan pretty con-
fide= or obtaining the honour of being one of their Representatives
in Parliament. (Cheers and hisses.) lie perceived that they
seemed like brevity in eloquence ; (laughter) he would not there-
fore trouble the ti longer than to thank them most sincerely for ths
_favours tile; had confined upon him- (Applause.)

The Lotus MaYoi: next came forward, and was well received.
He said that the duty had now devolved upon him of addressing
them, to return thanks for the support which they had been kind
enough to bestow upon him, and more particularly for the large
number of votes which they had spontanemisly given him on this
day's log and which exceeded flint obtained by the highest candi-
date on the second day of the last election. Ile repeated his thanks
for their kind exertions, and (loin the number of promises which be
had received, he had no doubt lie should soon he placed in that
situation upon the poll which would furnish the highest gratifica-
tion to bis feelings. When he considered the extraordinary exer-
tions Made this day by his opponent., lie was not surprised at the
result t but he assured the Livery that, at the beginning of the
week, he had every reason to expect the efforts of his tiiends would
be crown. with complete success. To the wishes of the Livery he
bowed with the UtPlO3: deference, and hoped that the result, what.
ever it might be, would redound to their credit, their honour, and
benefit. (Applause.) After what they had just heard from Mr.
Alderman Garnett, he should refrain from oinking any remark
' which could he misconstrued personally by that Gentleman—still
he could not call what was wrung right, and must complain now,
and at all times, that he should have been *sinirled out as an abject
of hostility, not by Mr. ;:slderman (arratt, but by some of his
friends. How had he deserved that treatment at their hands?
(A cry of " No, no.") Ile repeated—in what had he offended
them? Would not his psi itic conduct hear to he tried by the tort
of theirs? (Applause,) Why, the i,had they armed against him?
Ile had filled :he situation of Chief lagisTrate in an season of great
distress, difficulty, and danger, and had he turned his back upon
the measures called for by the commercial or trailing Interests of
'the community during their late embarra.smer.ts ? (A cry of
" No.") He repeated, tkat he most complain of ti.e course taken
by the friends of Alderman Garrott, which certainly had had the
effect of impairing his (the Lord Mayor's) imerests. This very day
thirty votes hail been polled for :4 r. Aldettilati Ciarratt, which
were previously promised to hint. This, surely, was not fair.'
(A cry of " No.") lie disclaimed all personal feelings on the pre.
sent occasion, and certainly spoke snore in smarmy titan in anger,
(Applause ) lle had heard with pleasure, however, what hod this
day fallen from his friend. an I expec:ed now, that those who were
disposed to promote his (the Lord Mayer's) interests, would assist
him heartily. (A pplauae.)
The business was then adjourned till Monday.
