THE BRITISH PRESS.

;

1 W

~~.

S

'T. '

PRICES OF BRITISH 6'
&ilk stock
rids Aort.
I eft Cent. Redneed 931
Leer Cent. Cene.llo A
A per Cent.
Ditto Rut
• New 4 per Dent. 108 4
34 per Cent. Red. 1013 I
India Stock
Ditto Bond 100 pm
Ditto Amt.

•PRICES OF FOREIGN IV
Slanish 02211 20j 204
Ditto (MO 1104
Itussian b pereents-861
(Milian 71
Austrian Scrip Kt
eredc Scrip 4 ais
i'.•lcnos Ayres Scrip
Erszilisn Scrip A pr
1' -.ft, ripi Scrip 66

YOLKS ON SATURDAY.
Long Ann. 23 1-16
South Sea Stock
South Sea Old Annwitin
South Sea New Annuities
I.ooot. St, pm
Ditto, SOW. 55 lint
Ditto, Small
Ditto, lid.. 1.01111/. 53 56 pro
Ditto. SOW.
Ditto. Small 55 pm
Icottery Tickets 121.
ITOCKS

JCRS ON SATURDAY.
Prussian 0 per Centa f
Ditto N.Yw 091
Ncw Colombian
French Scrip 1.51 pr,
Mexican Script hi Glf
Danish 104
Neapolitan 92
Colombian 79.1 LO

iirittott Vrtoo.!_

THEATRE ROYAL, DRURY-LANE.
, Ti ts Evening, NONDAT, October MS. will be perforated
Pl 7. %IMO.
ritarrn, Mr. Vollage Rata. Mr. Wallsek s Atoms. Mr. Armstrong':
fumes:Le. Mr. Terry: Las Chew Mr. Pepe. Cara. Mrs. N. Wert;
EJvirft. Mrs. Bunn.

After which.
MONSIE I ilt TUNSOM.
Tom King, Lie Wee: Monsieur Marbles. Mr. °attic.
To-re...ron Marrirge of Figaro, the New Dlyurtissment, and
the Zeerlog Drawthl..
211PATRP ROYAL. COYEIVT-GARDEIV.
Taw seeular. MOT DAY, 0et.25. will be performed
DER vneisicHuTz
Or, THE SLICK HUNTSMAN OF BOHEMIA.
o.•neer, Mr. P•ilter ; Conned. Mr. Egerton: Cum, Mr. Bennett:
Stla. elm. reonnan; the Meek Huntsman of Bohemia, Mr. Evans.
Perti.u. Mle, Pages; Lana, Mies Uwe.
After which.
HARLEQUIN AND POOR RORDI
Or. TISK DOUSE Til 11 JACK BUILT.
Hariermin, Mr.• Eller: Pantaloon. `Jr. Barnes; Clown. Mr. .1. S.
M Oreeldl. Colombia,. Mrs. linty.
TOZTITITOW. Del Vz.etZbets,siut Carl.
71I! ATlinliiiYAL, HAYIIfARKET.
•
Ties Erenlog, somnAv. Ott. 2.5. will be performed
THE HYPOCRITE.
•
Dr. Cantwell, Mr. Morton; Colonel Lambert. Mr. Vining; Mew.
'Worm, Mr. Liston. Charlotte. Man Kelly.
After whine,
TIME A\O lEEE.
The prtnelyal Cbanerters by Messrs. Liston, Williams, Mehnse
Mre. T. Hid, and Was Kelly.
bl NINON AND CO,
S!wlSzon. Mr. Dowtons Mr. Bromic". Mr. Vining. Mr+. Strop-
we:, Itiovert fes. Promley. Mrs. W. Clifford Mns F:tzellan,
Lin. T. MI: Modame La *banes, lirs. Seek,
Tu.euerruw, Hamlet, wit n Hide and and Tbe Devil to Pey.

MR. MATHEWS'S
CCLKIMICti
TltiP TO AMERICA
Myths been Interrnyte4 In June last. at the perin4 of Its highest at
trae....n, by the n.esoilty of eommencing the En..ils!. Opera Season;
:$ man? FaMil:Cs of diAinethat, thou absent from having
tree et tipatition. It is respectfully announced. that Mr. M. be
fowl
AT HOME!
For a lbw Welts la the .!reet y Month of November. st the Theatre
Englisti, Omni flume, 'nth that eelel•ested Entertslittueut.

NEW SURREY TREATRE.
T1:!* presented
NON ti %V. Oct. 25. and every Evening during the Week.
) will be presented an entirely new Domestic Melndranta. ID three
Acta. eallut
WARnOCK DF.NNILSON:
OR. THE OUTCAST
netudeMOTHER AND HEE SON.
To co with
THE IttEURA I
Or. TH:: INDIAN PIRATE'S VESSEL.

The DIRIT ISH PR Els elommanced publistdnegit Saturday mom
tag st s quarter past fire

LONDON, MONDAY, OcroDER 25, 1821.

The Paris Papers of Friday are destitute of domestic in-
telligence. The Joi.rnu! des Wes, for a wonder, has no
artiellaretinst the Ministry. The Cnn7iilationnel, however,
expatiates at great length on the weakness and wickedness
of the policy rustled towards Spain. The A tul tej a r decree
is I*A:el es fixing the proper limits beyond which the
counter-revolution ought not to have been suffered to
pose, and the French are represented as bearing all
tpe burthen of Spanish mischief, while Russia and
Ragland predominate in the Councils of Ft:ante:AND
VII. "It remains for us only," says the essayist, "to
repeat the lima of Virgil—" Sic vas sun robis."—The
Kcaitear, in its noneoffieial part, gives some important
newr from Constantinople. The Turkish empire is torn
with intestine diesentions. The seditious Janissaries are
mediteting further changes, with which the affrighted Bee-
like; mart comply. What a dangerous eminence is that of
a despotic Sovereign! How much Furrier in personal
safety and puldic respect, as well as in real power, is the
Corstitutional Monarch !—The Munileur has an article on
the silk trade, copied from the Journal de Lyons. We re-
commend it to the attention of our readers, especially those
who are concerned in that thriving branch of our manufac-
team. When the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER first
proposed to admit foreign silks into competition in this
country with out home-made goods, it was apprehended by
tee silk trade generally that their ruin was at hand. All
Spitalfields was in commotion, and both Houses of Parlia-
ment were besieged for several days by the deluded weavers.
It was in vain they were referred to the success of our
cctten trade, and told that no protected manufacture could,
in the nature of things, prosper. The mistaken men clung
to their regulated scale of wages and their domestic mono-
pely. The proverbial wretchedness of their district was with
them no argument that the system on which they hail pro-
ceeded was wrong. Quite the contrary; they insisted it
was something little less than perfection. They had as
strong and invincible an abhorrence of " political economy',
as the Somersetshire Baronet. Ministers, however, to their
honour, persevered. It was in vain that Mr. Fuwe. Le
Berroer, Mr. Alderman H MOATS, and Mr. Caeenere,
conspired to thwart the measure. It was resolved that the trade
should be thrown open ; and what have been the results?
Ruin to the toasters, and starvation to the men? No. The
trade has improved every day since it has been spurred to
activity by the dread of competition ; the French manufac-
turers are migrating to our shores, and the aid of the law
ie called for to prevent Lyons from losing her " sceptre of
industry." After this, we hope never again to hear any
lamentations over the repeal of the clumsy system of ley,ls-
Istive restrictions with which our fathers judged it necessary
to sue iron every branch of their commerce and manufactures.

'From the Munitear of Friday.)
N UllEnlitlltGA Ocr. IR.
___

We have letters from Vienna which say—The accounts duct arc
racetreti from the frontiers of Turkey are of such a mature as to
make it probable that Constantinople will soon be the theatre of
important cants. It seems that the party of the Janissaries which
is at the hepd of affairs since the deposition of the Greed N'izir,
(inahtu ?Una. lits farther projects. Besides the Ruts Er-
Trapl, whom the 51.71..T•4 has been forted to send into exile, it
was expected that several other persons, even among the C:tiuf of.
hats of the Seraglio, would be dismissed • tr..reral of then hating
Ferranal enemies among the Chiefs of the.Janissariet.
Our Court expects with Impatience the next regular Courier
Irona Pal, who will bring despatches from Baron OTTCN FE LS.
the Imperial Internunctia which will come down to the 24th or
25th September.
The Last courier from Bacharest hat brought to the Foreign
Jolliet !Wets whit-it state that no change had yet taken place in the
position of the Otteman troops on the lefrbank of the Danube.
Foreign emissaries have endearoured to propagate • report at
Jassy, that the Russian troops in Bessarabia would shortly. malts
ea truption into Moldavia. The Hosportar has taken care manta
tintasly to contradict this report.

Pllli4, OCT.
its* Journal of Lyons of the 17th of this month colituina the
foilowir.g article ;
for sown time a great deal has been said among the nianufAc-
tam at Lyons, of attempts to Stance worlintea to go to foreign
ectantries. Fir.e promises are made them, if they will con-. nt to !raiti-
fra our iadustry to our eternal rivals the English. Procteilb-g.
bats beta commenced at Illouloi,me apinst Jlasm. Uutt.-
LOTfL, Mau %ft and stone others, seemed of this trintimil
elltempi. Mr. To'sxtatEt: at, a niercliaht, °lib of their acemp-
plities„ ht. just been brought by the genstrarmes heti:re
she tribunal at Boulogne. ;goat of the porions accusal' have
Mime honourable names well known at Lyons art •pokcn o:
rßitritilii:sttd in this ',flair we retrain from mentioning them, for
saogua that will be easily understood. NVhatvrer may be the sp:c.

culatiora of cupidity, we do not think that it will be possitle to dc-
!dire our city of the sceptre of industry in tte manufacture of silks ;
to tfirct this it would be necessary todeprive it, at the same time, both
of the water of its rivers for thecolour', and the taste of its dosigners
ard its meoliatiicians, &c. Other similar attempts have been made
sithoot success ; let us hope that this will meet the same fate."
It E Fr:VIM—PAR tit, OCTOSIER 22 . —Five per Cents,
102 f. ; Bank Stock, 1.27.1 f. ; Neapolitan 5 per Cents, Fed-
conct's Cortilicates, Mr. ; Rents d'Esm:gne. 17f. ; Royal Spanish
Loan, It;22,ldlAf. litthange un Lon nn, One Month, 231. Lat. ;
Thrtc Ditto, 2r.f.—Cours Authentique, Wolter 22.

In the Brussels Papers of Saturday, which reached us
last night, we find a paragraph dated from Frankfort, which
we should be glad to ace confirmed by authority; nor are
we without hope that the recognition of the independence
of Greece is not far remote. The continuance of the war
between the Greeks and Turks can be attended with
none but dangerous consequences to the peace and welfare of
Europe. It is impossible to foresee what questions may I
arise fra,'n the progress of the contest. At present the
affairs of Greece might be adjusted satisfactorily and be-
neficially to all interests. No power has mote reason to
wish for this settlement than the PORTE ; for it is obvious
that the Ottoman Empire will, should a few more naval
viclories be gained by the Greeks, be split into a hundred
pieces, and seduced to nothing. Already its most va-
luable province, Egypt, may be considered as disse-
vered from it, and every Paella will, at the first con-
venient epportunity, follow the example of Menem ez
Au. We assume the fact that the Turks cannot suc-
ceed in re-conquering Greece. Supposing that Christian
Europe could, without interference, behold the extirpation
of the Greeks, it is, in our opinion, now quite improbable
that the Malunnetans can destroy them. The people who,
when destitute of all regular means of warfare, drove out
the Turks from their country, will not be subdued, now that
they possess all the advantages of organization, arms and
money, and are, besides, inspired with their triumphs over
their former oppressors. The independence of Greece
then may be regarded as in fact accomplished. Humanity
may be afflicted by the prolongation of the sanguinary
struggle, but the result must be in favour of the
Greeks. The belligerents may spread desolation and
ruin, but the only consequence will be the infliction
of tnutuel sufferings, without, in any respect, alter-
ing their relative strength or position. Does it become
the Great Powers of Europe to wait till the exhaus-
tion of both shall have excited the cupidity of some ambi-
tious neighbour, whose attempts to avail himself of the
miseries of the combatants may relight the flames of war
throughout the world? Is it a wise policy, by this unneces-
sary procrastination, to endanger the general repose and
tranquillity of Europe, when evil alone, pure and un-
mingled evil, can result from our forbearance? The in-
surrection of the Creeks is unjustly compared with other
revolts, to which it is alike only because it is a revolt. But do
we forget that the Greeks rose against foreigners and in-
fidels, who lived amongst them but as in garrison? Do we
forget that the Greeks are part of the great family of Chris-
tian Europe, who have no otherwise forfeited their claims
on our friendship and sympathy, than by their unhappy
subjectien to a hateful slavery, which they have now nobly
east off? Shall they for this be treated as insurgents, who
rebel against a mild and legitimate Government ? Arc they
divided among themselves in a fratricidal struggle? No:
every enemy they kill is at once an alien in blood, in
feeling, and in faith. The Crocks arc united. Net one
apostate whose name is known has adhered to the Slue-
enlivens. There is every ground *to justify and require
the mediation of the Great Powers, and we hope, therefore,
that we shall not have the mortification to find that the
follow ing paragraph is wholly without foundation :

FR•YRFORT, OCTOBER 13.
It is reported that the Marquis de HIBERUPIERRE, the r.ew
Ambassador from Russia to the PORTE, it COMR:isPiolled to signify
to the Divan that Russia, Austria. and England. having received
emumunieations from the present Government of Greece. it is the
intention of those powers that negociationa shall be opened to put an
cod to the sanguinary struggle which desolates that country, and to
secure to it an independent existence.

The visit of Sir FREDERICK ADAM to Napoli di Roma-
nia is affirmed in every account that reaches us as to the
proceedings connected with the revocation of the Greek
Proclamation, though it is positively and authoritatively de-
nied by some of our contemporaries in London. We hole
that no mistaken notions of national dignity induce them to
manifest so muchicarnestness in contradicting a fact, which,
in our opinion, it would be the height of absurdity to re-
gard as an act calculated in the slightest degree to degrade
us in the eyes of foreigners. It could hardly have been
supposed that we were afraid of the Greeks, if the Lord
High Commissioner hail gone in person to induce them to
retract their sanguinary menaces against neutrals in the
Turkish service ; but it appears that he did not go to the
seat of the Greek Government until he bad published his
1 defensive Proclamation, and sent out a squadron to carry
his orders into execution if the Greeks had proved re-
fractory. The course pursuediby the Anglo-lonian Govern-
ment was just and necessary towards its subjects—firm and
moderate towards the Greeks. To the promptitude with
which the British squadron was despatched to Napoli, we
may ascribe the absolute and entire revocation of the offen-
sive proclamation. Had Sir FREDERICK ADAM been less
decisive or vigorous, an incipient war wool I have resulted.
Not only would serious outrages have been committed upon
British property, under the authority of the hasty and un-
justifiable mandate of the Creek Government, but perlial s
the lives of British subjects would have fallen sacrifices to the
rage and jealousy of the Creek mariners. Rt partition would
have been impracticable, and the English force must at
last, in vindication of the honour of the national flag, have
been called forth to chastise the offenders, by sweeping
them from the surface of the sea. We Ile:A scarcely add,
that the inevitable ccusequence of the destruction of the
Greek navy would leave been the subversion of Greek inde-
pt:ntlence. The Anglo-lonian Government, however, con-
sistently with the obligations of its strict neutrality, and
with the duties owing to the subjects under its protection,
has saved itself from co-operating with the barbarous ette-
inks of Christendom. Let us hear no more of the
foul imputations that were cast upon the sincerity of the
KING'S Government, because the blind resentment of the
Gretks compelled it to warn them from their mdse. ful
purpose. The mane particular s of the defeat of the Egyptian
Sett are given from the (Amelia tieniontese. We devoutly
pray that the Greeks may continue to prosper in their holy
struggle. We cannot help expressing our disgust at the
attempts that are made in this country to calumniate and
injure them. What sympathy can there be between the
brutal infidels of Turkey and the upholders of order and
Ebrrty in Christian Europe?
(From the Austrian Observer of Oct. 11.)
Coat'''. SEPT. 23.
•

The Lord !High Commissioner, General Amax, who nu the Ilth
of slits risontit,rostent to Napoli di Romanis, on board the Sybelle
trlgate, ictuznid the day before yesterday. The object of his Toys
rare mt., 'reading to the proclamation issued on the tub (see A us-
( ian Obseroer of the 29th of Sept.) to obtain the revocation of the
Greek decree of the 27th slay, against the merchants of the Euro-
pean powers.
.Admiral O'Nea commanded the British squadron, which had
entered the Archipelago on this occasion. The Government at
Napoli di Romanis. on the first menacing representations of the
Gorerument of the- lonian Islands, based published, on the 274 b of

Anpust, a resolution which declared the decree of the !nth of May !
revoked with regard tout atral ships that had not Turkish troops
on board. Admiral O'Neil, not sati-fied with this reso'.ution„ de-
manded, on his arrival before Napoli, the uncpuditional and com-
plete revocation of the odginal decree. llereupon, within a few
noun on the 3d (15th) Sept. another resolution was taken, which,
as there is at present no print:lig-office at Napoli, was published,
and pinned op m manuscript, and which. in short, but precise and
positive terms, recokrs the decree of the 17th of May.
(From the Candle Piemonte:: of Tct.l4.)
OCT. 14.
The Ttiario di Roma of the 6th has the two following statements,
which may be compared with that front Flan:tic: of the 9th in our
last cumber:—

NAPI.T. OCT. 2.
An English brig from Corfu has bmutcht the important ntirs of
the revocation of the Greek Decree. The Captain says, ih.re had
been great rcjoicivga at Napoli di Romania, fur a Laval victory over
the. Turks.

CORFU, SEPT. 22.
It wail announce 4 on the oth of this month that the Egyptian
ilecit had been obliged by the plague to return to Akcandria. We
no• know, front an authentic wince, that this operation of the
:gyptians was a feigned retreat, which Admiral 311 Al: Lls perceiv-
ing, resolved to attack it and though his ships were notch infe-
rior in number and size to those of the enemy, he succeeded in
dispersing the flea, after having burnt a frigate, two corvettes, a
brig, and fourteen transports.

By a private letter from. Sincapore, we are informed that
the lion. Company's Resident, Mr. Crawford, who, with
the exception of Sir Stamford Raffles, understands the trade
and capabilities of the Malay Arebipelapo better than any
man in the Company's service, has made a strong represen-
tation to the Bengal Government, on the propriety of
seizing upon two province-. at the neck of the Malay penin-
sula, at present in the possession of the Burmese; and
that these provinces may afterwards be retained by the Bri-
t:all Government, or deltvered over to their old masters, the
Siamese, upon condition that they permit a free transit to
British goods into that put of the country. Should this
arrangement be followed up, it will put our Government in
passessien of one of the very finest harbours in all India,
within not more than tau miles of the capital of Siam, to-
war!s which there is an easy means of conveyance for
nearly two-thirds of the way, by a tine navigable river,
and by this means the trade of Great Britain will he greatly
extended in a part of the world from which hitherto it has
been virtually excluded.
The Lisbon Papers from the 4th October to the
12th inclusive, are filled with extracts from the Spanish.
French, and English journals, and have no news whatever
of Portueal or its colonies.
IS ben the Sparrowhawk left Rio Janeiro, all was Iran-
goillity at that place—Lord Cochrane had gone with a
force, to reduce die r, tractory authorities at Pernambuco--
The Emperor of 11-azil had conterred the rank of Rear-
Admiral on Capt. John 'f..ylor, or the Netheron, for his
services at 'Bahia.— Ilumphire TJu r.gh.
One of the latest letters from Mai-auburn states, that
Lord Cochrane commenced the bombardment of Pernam-
buco on the 2(1 of September, the three days' notice given
by him having expired. Ills Lordship, to protect his ships
from the batteries of Pernambuco, which are well manned,
bombards the town chiefly at night, and returns to his
anchorage in the day-time.
In the Jamaica pipers to the 29th of August there is no
political inlilligence. They contain a long account of the
execittion of some pirates.
Extrsct of a letter from the Agent to Lloyd's:—
" Cow ES, OCT. 22.—The Spring, Quelch, which vessel took out
the Ex-Emperor Iturbille, has arrived here from the Havanrah, in
54 davit. Captain Quelch reports that his ship was ready to sail nn
the Mat of August, tut was prevented until his Majesty'. schooner
Spemlwell gave him convoy on the 2111th, from the request of Cap.
tarn Cratuum, of his Majesty's ship Icarus. He stated that it
would he unsafe, on account of the numerous pirates on the coast;
also tl.at two piratical vessels, with 40 men each, had sailed that
night to intercept thz Icartsis brat, with only 40 men, that wais sent
out to tlev.r....y a pirate lying at City° Blanca, when the gallant
*carnal came so suddenly on the pirate, that they were obliged to
jump overboard ; and being so near the shore, they all escaped ex.
cept five men, who were instantly shot by the boat's crew. They
took possession of the piratical schooner, with ten or twelve prizes
belonging to her. Captain Quelch reports that Captain Graham is
ile.etv'ng of great praise for his indefatigable exertions in destroy-
ing the pirates, as the Spanish. Government and the Admiral re-
fused to give any assistance. The island of (Alba is now worse
than the Algerine coast."
_ . -

It is astonishing bow potently the expected approach of
a general election works on the charitable feelings of mem-
bers of Parliament. On every side we bear of the dis-
tribution of money, shoes, blankets, and other necessaries,
alrot:;,.st the poor, but this liberality is always confined to
the poor of t.t; borough which the honourable donors re-
present in Parliament. Whether th,lre good things are
given out of gratitude far suffrages at the last election, orl
with a view to secure them at the next,—whether they are
meant as bribes or gratuities,—we will not venture to de-
cide.—Manehester Paper.
MAenox.—Peter Du Cane, of 13,axte1 Lodge, it is said,
offers himself for this Borough, on the Whig Interest. By
t'le renewal of the Charter, nearly 2,000 Burgesses have
b cn admitted to their freedom, all of whom are panting
fur an wcasion to poll their maiden votes.—Sanday Pirper.
The houee of Hertford, it is said, is cultivating an
interest at Ipswich. Mr. Leonard, it is thought, will go to
Mahlon, leaving Ipswich open to Mr. H. Baring.
The new tragedy announced for representation at Covent-
garden theatre, is founded upon an Italian story. Mr.
'Young, Miss F. 11. Kelly, and Miss Lacy, are to sustain
the principal parts.
Mrs. West has been induced to accede to the terms of-
fered her, and consequently resumes her station at Drury-
lane theatre, without the gratifyirg accompaniment of her
husband's retention.

A Roman Catholic school-house, to be built by subscrip-
tion, has been nearly completed in Derry. The Protestant
Bishop and Dean, Sir George full!, and many other Pro-
testants, have subscribed liberally.
SILK TRADK.—The Mancliestzr Guardian, alluding to
the astonishing impetus which has been given to the silk
trade by the late itzliortant and beneficial alterations in the
laws by which it is regulated, says, " in the advantages re-
sulting from these alterations, Manchester, we are happy to
say. largely participates; all our information denoting a
degree of activity in that important branch of our snanufac-
tort a, from which every person concerned in it must derive
extensive benefit."

A cur °us fraud was discovered yesterday week, by the
officers of the Customs at Liverpool. On examining six
hogsheads, said to contain a dye called turnsok, landing
from a Dateb galliot, from Antwerp, in order to be trans-
shipped to only a small quantity of the article
befure-mentioned was found in bags, ingeniously fitted to
each end of the casks-7tbe remaining cuntents being com-
posed entirely of fine manufactured tobacco. The whole
wart immediateltpcized.
AIIOSTATION.—We are informed that some valuable
improvements on Balloons have been made lately, which
bid fair to outvie, in utility, the previous admiration of ap-
pearance only.—frisk Pater.
Fit'teen years ago, land at Leamington Spa might have
been purehasrd at 4001. per acre ; ten years since it rose to
1,000/. and last week t,sluf. per acre were given !
AN OLm SOl.Dl::it.—Th-re is living at Vienna, in Austria,
a Tyrolese, 93 years oM, tv! a has served in all the campaigns
since 1769. This brave veteran has forty decorations, all
of which he acqoired on the &id of battle ; and, what is
not less curious, he has forty-two balls in his body which
have not been extracted, and do nut inconvenience him.
Forty-two balls in the body ! that must add no trifle to the
weight of a man !—Nell', rag`' Literature.
OROlqlOOl A AT Lir airenos.—A moat shocking case
of hydrophobia was reported at this infirmary last week.
The name of the unfortunate individual was Threlfall,
and he resided at %Walton, whore he was bitten by a
dog in a rabid state, so long since as last November.
The disease broke out last week, and he was conveyed to
the infirmary, in which place he expired last Friday, in
the most dreadful agonies.—Lieerpod Mercury.
THE ACCIDENT AT Mt. lint Gil FAeTOaY•—None of
the persons who were won:idyll have died since our last
and there is reason to hope that they will all recover. A
subscription for the relief of the suffirtra is going on very
prosperously.—Muncheaer Paper.
On Saturday afternoon, a very elegantly-dressed young
man took a boat at Blackfriars-bridge, directing the water•
man to take him to the Surrey side. Just as the boat had
reached the middle of the stream, the unhappy man rose,
and ejaculating the name of " Martha, Martha !" Sung
himself into the river. The petrified waterman had not
time to move from his seat before his late companion lied
sunk to rise no more. The body was after wards dragged
for, but without success.

FRENCH PAPERS.
Irrom the Journal des lOrtals.l
PARIS. OCT. 21.
We have given an account of the proceedings instituted against
M. Cheri, engraver, fer having cast and preserved some imprea.
aims in pewter of a medal of .31. de la Fayette, the dies of which
were bent to America. A part of the sitting of yesterday and the
duy before was spoct in hearing the pleadings of M. Fuucsrt, the
advocate of the accused, and the reply of the King's Counsel. The
Tribunal lias this day pronounced its Judgment, which may not be
without interest to the engravtis of nieslals.

The decision is as follows
In emisequence of the investigation and the discussion thereon,
it has been proved that the Sicur Caunois, after placing at the dis.
posal of the SI int certain medals, for the purism of being author-
ised to strike off others, reioesenting General Is Fayette, retained In
hixn., seven pewter medals representing the General •
that this was forbidden him by the Ist Article of the Decree of the
year 12, which renews the conditions of the Decree of June, 11193,
and the Decree of the I.lth July, 1785; and considering also that
the improper habit of engravers in retaining impressions cannot re-
move the Sieur Caunois from the application of the law, but as it
may be only necessary to irnprevs opon hint the application of pu-
nblintent, the Court condemns him to a fine of 40 franca and the
expensts it also orders the forfeiture of the seven medals.

MADRID. OCT. 11.
It is said that the appearance at the Escurial of all the Corps
DipiaTautilfte, and the taint-oda' persons at present in the ca-
pital. had, in all proabiliry, another object besides merely paying
their respects upon the Ist of October. And in fact the supposi-
tion appears confinned, for all these persm.ages. are still at the
palace. Much is said of the approaching re-union of a Council.
composed of our Ministers and Envoys at the principal Cabinets of
Europe, for the purpose of discussing the notes latterly addressod
to our Cabinet by that of the Tuileriai.
The contents of these notes are said to be, that Spain pub-
lisle a full and entire amnesty, which shall contain merely some Cs.
ceptions applicable to some of the rebels of the Isle of Leon.
This car Government is required to adopt as a matter of absolute
necessity, to assure the stability of the State, and guarantee the
hapyincss of the Spanish people. It kris° required that the Go-
vernment acimowledge the loans raised by the C tries; that it ratify,
and caused to be observed, the capitulationa concluded between the
General of the French army and those of the titmatitutionalists
and finally, that In moo the occupations sh mid be prolonged be-
yond the term agreed upon, the Ist of January. 1825, the French
troops shall be supported at the expense of Sprin ; and that the dif-
ference between the war anti
.peace pay shall be also defrayed by the
latter country. Without giving implicit belief to all these rumours
there are smile reasons for supposing that our Government has lat.
telly received some notes front the Minister of t'ffsasEs X., im-
pressing the urgent necessity of maturing peace and tranquillity to
Spain, and of adopthig measitres tending to conciliate the interests
of the unions pardvs. Mention is alm made of the impossibility,
on the pert of France, rf continuing an occupation of which it is
not easy to foresee the limit if tie Cabinet of Madrid cannot
poir.t out the means of resturing the peace and tranquillity of the
country.
There is much conversation held at the Escurial of the creation
of an Aube Council. at which the Doke of Intiustedo is to preside.
and the business of which Shill be to inspect the labours of the dif.
tarot Slinisters before they are submitted to the King.
The reports of a new debarkation of Constitutionalists upon the
coast of Marbela is repeated, but it wants confirmation.
Many Inspectors of Police cif the provinces, whose political prin.
ciples are not in unison with the system of high government wished
to be established. have been deprived of their situation.. Amongst
the number are the Inspectors of Murcia and Santander; the for-
mer arrived yesterday at Madrid, but fearing arrests, be immesh.
ately departed and repaired to the Escurial.
(From the Courtier Froneuhr.)
MADRID, OCTORTI
_ .

'rho Et-Minister Cruz is always gnarled with extreme vigi.
lance, and the proceedings with respect to him are eohtinucd with
activity. Some individuals who have been brought thither to give
testimony in the matter say, that the accusation which presses
heavy upon him is his neglect of taking measures to prevent the
debarkation of the cons itutionsl refogees at Gibraltar.
It is said that it is the intrigues of Count 31amilorblit, which
have caused the arrest on M. Erro, whom he denounced with many
of his colleagues, in the memoir justifying his conduct as Mem-
ber of the Regency of Erg,il.
it is also rumoured that M. Erro will be removed from Valbuio.
lid to Madrid, where the proceeilin„tm will be carried on. The ob.
int is to ascertain to what use he -hes applied many millions of
francs remitted to him for the purpose of supporting the expenses
of the Regency of Oyarzuno, and making good the issues or-
dered upon the entrance of the assisting army into Spain.
It appears that the Council of Castile has already terminated, with
closed doors. flair discussions upon the affair of the Constitutional
es.regidors of Madrid. It is thought that this tribunal, before
making its decree public, wishes to submit it to the eyes of his Ma-
jesty. The public expect the dveision with great impatience, and
it is generally supposed that ',every punishment will be inflicted.
The Royal Decree respecting the Masons and other Secret So-
cieties, have had the desired result; a considerable number of per-
sons composing there societies have matte themselves known., that
they should not horn, the penalties to which the Decree rendered
them liable, i! they did not make such a declaration. Mary persons
of distinction, member, , f these bodies, at present walk the streets
of Madrid in pertect safety.
PARIS. OCT.:II/.

A letter from Madrid corresins the following:—The reatinees ,
with which the police receive arcusatiors, have led them into the
commission of a blunder, which would appear ridiculous if per-
sons were disposed to laugh. A few days since the Inspector of
Police received a letter, which stated that some persons who had
figured under the Constitutions regime, were assentblirg daily ;
and that they were to have a meeting that evening to form a plot
fur the assaesiest ion of a great personage. The street and the house
where the nierting was to be held were pointed out by the informer.
Orders were immediately given for the seizure of the conspirators
at the moment of holding their council t troops were placed in am.
bush in the adjacent houses, the entratem of the streets were
guarded, police agents were placed close to the house described.
Scarcely had night set in when many individuals were seen to arrive
successively at the house which was said to be the scene of the con-
spiraey I when all are supposed to be aseemblad the house is beset
—the police and the military burst open the door with loud emetic,.
and rush into the apartments. What do they find? An old Coun-
sellor sick, and in the adjoining room seven or eight physicians
bidding a consultation upon his disease.
',From the Constlretkeed.l
LISBON, OCT. 6.
You have hesrdby letter of the 29th September, that a conspiracy
was to have broken out upon the 26th, that the Government had
discovered and defeated it, that many distinguished :Trims com-
mitted in the transaction have beta arrested. The Queen was sup.
posed to be the life of the plot, and the Patriarch was said to be its
Director. The Portuguese Government, which had subsequently
obtained a pet feet knowledge of all the farts and circunistmmes, is so
conscious of its weaknesa, that it did rot dare at first to take rigorous
measures, but seeing, though hue, the urgent—the absolute necessity,
of adopting a line of conduct, came at length to the resolution of act-
ing with the greatest severity. It caused the Queen to be arrested
at the palace of Quclus, four Iragues from Lisbon, where no persen
whatever is allowed access, unless his businees be previously
known. The officer to whom the custody of the Queen is entrusted
is obliged to sleep in a room adjoining that of her Majesty. Many
persons who repaired to the palace of Quetta' have been interro-
;;ated upon the subject of their visit, and arrested. The Patriarch,
in the management of the conspiracy, has acted with such dexterity
that he has sheltered himself from detection. He has not been
treated with so much rigour, because the Government, though
convinced of his being implicated, is forced to be satisfied with
ordeting hint into exile t but such is the weakness of the Royal
party, and the strength of that upon which the Patriarch relics,
that he has boldly replied that he did not feel disposed to obey the
order for his exile; and. notrithatainding, no further proceeding
has been taken against him.
All the measures for the re-union of the Cortes of ;Amite* are
completed, but the power of the Queen's party is so great that the
Government have not given definitive orders for the re.union of
this aseembly, and it appears more than probable that this state of
things will continue, if we do net receive solute strength, which shall
enable us to silence the aseendmit party.
The Inspector of Police has connected himself with the high
party, which is opposed to the measures of Otavernment, and never-
Melees they do not dare removethim from his situation.
The trade of Lisbon is much diminished ; great wretchedness
reigns through the capital, inure particularly among the rumfarieg
men, who have no employment on account of the languishing state
of commerce, which is now quite limited, and entirely deprived of
those advantages mum derived from an active intercourse with the
Americas.

BRUSSELS PAPERS.

Thigsyscs, OCT. 19.

The Seemed Chamber of the States-General met to.day, and
appointed four Committees to verify the power of the rem mem-
bers. They immediately proceeded to execute this duty. and made
their report* before the Chambers adjourned. They declored all
the election% regular, except two— tbose of M. Dumont and M.
Domirek : with regard to the first, the question sax " Whether
the omission of affixing the provincial real to his powers should
prevent hint sitting ? The negative was unanimously adopted, and
Ile was accordingly introduced.
31. Doraintk being agent for the Bank of the Netherlands,
it is raked whether he is in tkat quality accountable to the State?
After some discussion it wan reon!red to communicate with the Go-
vernment to inquire whether this is the canoe not.
Meows. Nieulai, Reyphins, and Sandberg, were chosen by ballot
as the three candidate% to be propoped to his Majesty to fill the office
of President for this Session.
SITTING OF THE Slst.
N. Sandberg, (President pro:tempore,) informed the aesembly,
that it appears horn the inquiry. that N. Derninek arts in no
manner ncrountable to the Stove. 1/c we% accordingly admitted.
M. Sandberg then annnoned that his Majesty's choice had fallen
on 31. Nicola' to fill the office of President. M. Sandberg gave up
the chair to his successor, who addraesed the Assembly in a speech
which wan ordered to he printed. A Royal Driree appointing 31.
RAI President of the First Chamber was rend, and also a Mes-
sage announcing that the Alinister of Finance will tomorrow
present the Budget.
Ilia 31siesty the Krng of Prussia has made a present to the city
of Cologne; of the sum of 100.000 dollars towards, the expense of
repairing the Cathedral of that city. which is ass el' the noblest
wonualonts of ancient German a:chime:at&
