I'OREIGN INTII4.LI4E.YCE.

FROM THE SWEDISH PAPERS.

GOTTCSOCRGII, JUNIL R.
The following 'IA en extract of it letter, received
this morning (rain litrlin, dated Berlin, Slay 29:
" An Official Courier, cud an express, here ar-
rived fur the Austrian Miiiiotrr; and an repress
has also arrived, pith dirtastrherb for Count Gal/tall,
which bring the ha . flp., *_4logs of is glOlllOlllll Isola
yaiued by the A iistrisitima sit 'Aspen. and Ea' 4snieeti.
trir battle riausuencerri 11l 1141011. th. Stet, and
the tinned till dark. Rolospoirtri.• to perror‘oniade
the attark urxt morning willt•fiti3Otevinesr, 90,000
)(whom were either left dead on the field of battle,
ot Isamu prisoners. The Austrians have also taken
•

at immensenumber of cannon from the French.—
,it
was the Austrian cavalry that decided the fate of
Ak.
e day. Botiaporte has re-crossed the Danube,
~•44 is retrteating by the Isle of Lobau.
„ •" Another extra Courier brings intelligence that
(we* neral•Kollownirth has pissed the Daiiiilse, neer
Lttitt. suit talon 0300 prisoners ; that (ieuerals
Jellositeh and ("hosteler had joined their forces
• with tho-eof Georrat liillowratli, mill allured in
Ili* ellccrits.•
" The Archduke Jiiii,l has resumed hie command,
auslhas beaten the measly hear Vilteiirimea."
ti oil rile Mill, 3 C N E 13-11. o'clock, p. la.
l'apt'ra liaielversitieckved lime to-day from Co-
•
ptuiagen, of 'the date p 1 the Ist iust. wird* eon-
.
final the furegviitri statement.
arecamot.a, JuNa 6.
•
The Duke Rigent issued.", on the Ist lust. an
edict, by which he orders Al Swedish subjects Ire-
loiogisig to the militia. ale.eist ou leave; to rejoin
their regiments. the declares in the edict, that
although be has offered to tlw enemies of Sweden
the fairest sod most equitahle terms of peace. yet
they have mot been ar.velititl, either by Russia or
13euniark, both these neighiettitig pointer having
refused to enter into 'say ne.:,ociatioli ou that lin-
portaut subject, Ulla tie former !loving even recom-
menced hostile oper.ttiunsagnitist Sweden; lie adds,
that, ander all rirennistulievs, it is linavoldably
requisite to employ the whole military force of the.
country, to repel the threatened invasion ; stud that
he accordingly fella obliEteil to coil all the militia
to arras* and lyrists, that the known valour of the
people of Sweden will ultimately succeed iii assert-
ing her independence and obtsouing peace.
Lettere from the coast state, this n very feriae-
yens flotilla efstatall•vessrl• in nsiterubled, nod r,aily
to make tut niost vigorous rusistauce. if the rue-
iny's flotilla, lilted oat in Ali., should make any.
attempt to tirade our coast.—(Sackleolas GaerVe,
• slime .1.)
trattereescivi, HAY 92.
The English Admiral liertie, who set sail from
the Swedish enlist the 2Jd of last month, to inert
some convoys which were then expected, and take
them under his protection, returned this day, with
his srptadron ; haring fallen ill, off Kullen, with •
fleet of Swedish inerchautmen, he ordered a ship
of 64 gnus to convey them to their port of drib-
bl/e
A letter from St. T:lses, of the ,27th April, states,
that whet t the- Bishop of Oporto withdrew front
that city, on the approach of Soult, lie hut! the
good fortune to mace the military chest, contaitiiitg
tau millions of erusadoes, kith which lie arrived
sire in Lisbon, and friend there a letter from the
Prince Regent, by striCh he was lammed of his
being nominated Patriarch or Metropolitan of Por-
tugal.,—(!itockholat Commercial Ga:eite VJune 2.)
The following Official Papers have been coin-
muldeate.d to the Diet, by his Royal Highness the
Dole Regent :
COPT OT A COTS MOM COCNT ROMAN 0000 TO BARON.
ecnsrellen, 112•1113111 DATIL 9-alai at rats, isog.
The stolerrigued Minister for recision Affairs kaviag re-
ported to His Majesty the Emperor, his Master, the cancer-
satire nbieh• he had with fiance Schwerin, Master of the
Home, and tilr,oici Master of the fen:mollies of die Order of
Sweden, has mewed His Modesty's commands; to declare to
him, in answer, that His Imperial deject!. is intimated with
tit MUM linty desire to conclude a aplecily peace situ
Sweden. The interruption of the military operation., in a
snowiest. wheu the suee:ss obtained atioided tlic must dat•
tering hopes of tannin still grcriteradirantegre cannot hot
prove it, is the moat unquestionaidde imonior; Lug H. Ma-
testy feels eatiemely eoucerncd to discern, rery clearly, tbet
the Swedrils Glieernme t is not inatomeril by the some de-
sire, but merely emdemeisore to !Instruct matters, and thus La
remove the salutary wort. of peace to a stilt rimer distacce.
His Majnoty has also strong rewrote, from all theintelligence
be receives Isom Swedsti, to enterhici•jiiiit distrust with re-
gard to lb.. situation of the artuol Government of Scene..
All these einosiderations impose ear lam the painful pr-
eeosity to refuse tfw proposed Armistice. and to cuutlone
hostilities till the period when a lawful lioreromei.t tu
-.Sweden obeli &Twist kite Hutt it iessuyerdy suit firmly
determinated to conclude pease on the sole conditions which
His Imperial Majcsti eon erred, and which are already
kniiwa is Swede,' • This eradiation of Ills Nlajesl is nut
by arty swain dictated by a denier to meteor, serpiriltions ;
and-bedmiares Inmate ready to mature albalsat shall hare
hero occupied isy 1.4 troupe on the other aide of Calla.
The amieraezned avails himself of ohm opportwoinr, Ise.
(hived) Cuuut NICHOLAS IttSMANZOCE.
~ • •
COPT Or S, lt Owns. Collet ROW A II aosr TO SARNI
LAOS!" abated tr. etreasiteeo, APRIL 10--22.
Otte,—sigritil Seta i tin tee &Ural"! to me the letter
which yolk lure dear lice the honour to *7 lir to one, dated-
btoetlinfra, nth Apiil, ewe styks by shirts you Ludt
bees pleased*w acipsoist we, that tLia sesiguatiust of ;man
Ehretibeliss hawing Leto st ri I.* ed, the department of foreign
affairs is entrusted to rot ; I man-nate the pleasure
which this appointment will uue Jay pructase me to cu.
Idle* with you, thrusgb ths restursti2n of peace, rela-
tions beneficial fir both sumo, aria olticli I obeli mailuie
with the greatest malisGsetion.
The Empri o„r my mast. r, in sincerely desirous of pease;
sail ititieneed hy the feelings of his bead, and his sentitnesslo
towards the kiusgeloia of Seedeu, he liaa Arcady declared,
that restricting himself to the priserratioo of what he hos
inquired by the sale of arm., he 6104 II 5104 desire any tutors: ;
boa ac to ilie pelaniems of Sweden .../..i Liaised. if it be true
that the ebantm Which has taken place in Ss Hen has no
other object than to sere the state, sad rearm. it from the
calamities ti. shalt it aim exposed lay the false putilical
amostaso kapott, patsec4. chat can Stred.cit ilo better than
change it at Dore'
AN arneistice Isms appeared inadmissible to His Majesty,
and the cote which I have pies+ nted to Boron drhwerin, and
of elm 14.1 BMW% • • opy, contains she Ensperttr's oitiosou un
this stabled. I hose the Wooer toile, Sec.
(signed) Count NICHOLAS HOM.IINZOIT.

NEW YOKK PAPERS.

NEW voila. MAY S.
A letter from Washington. received to this city,
' trsterday. lakelllloll.6, that General Turerean. :Le
*French Minister, has lieen ree.,ilv,l his Govern-
Melit, and that his sircei.ssur is on his wu, to the
United States.
SXVILALI OF A LITTER FROM WAMINUTOM CITY.
DAVCO HAY 1, 1541.
0, Archibald Lee. Eaq. of this town. a staunch
federalist. goes out as 31psyrioer, with Hisp.ttehes
from our (,:overninent to ,Euglosal. Ile will take
the stage from this. tosmorrow morning. far Nor-
folk. where he wdl take a swift sullen; veva I, and
make the best of his way to England."
The I.oniseille (Ken.) Gazeitr, of the I..ttli inst.
gays. This inutoing Mr. Beriptinin IVilltinsou
isitls a hardy lona 4 warriors. hhntrrs. and trap-
pers. all well armed and equipped. for a three
years expedition. left this plsee far St. Loots. there
tojusin the St. Louis Missouri company. who intent
to paah their trade to the river Coly ;tibia, and pro-
:sahly. in a few pirs. by that route. has the East-
' Indies."

11...1-1 LRITISH PRESS.

LONDON.
T111:11SDAV, Jeer. 15.
11'e have received Sv.editili rapers to the 7tli inst.
front which it appears that u report which prevailed
on Tuesday, of BOSAPARTU 1111ViWg rcertased the
Dainthe, aiiii of ina having been again defeated It,
the CHARLES, with it loss Of 30.tit/O men,
related to the battie or the Ist. soil not to itlly new
ites . It also appears, that if the restimition of
[wave with Russia and Denmark was the real oi.jtct
of the late vielent change in the Swedish Covent-.
mein, the unfortunate Gusesfus ADOLPUUS has
been deposed iu vain, and his successor is inure
likely to facilitate its accomplishment, by reatorie,y,
the former order of things, than by attempting to
usurp the throne of his nephew.—Ainotig our
extracts from the Swedish papers, are some of-
fictal letters, from winch it appears, that the
Emperor of RUSSIA will be satisfied with the
retention of the parts of the Swedish to ritorirs
which he has occupied by his arms ; Lut that he
perseveres in detT • g sill negotiation, until the
legitimate Government is restored. The new KING,
or, more properly,. the DUKE 11.1:::L::T, lies, sif
course, liceil nbligttl .tp resort to the system for
which he and the !het declared GUSTANUS Actor.-
emus. and his issue, for ever incapable of ascend-
ing the Throne of Sweden.-14e liar resolved to
proaertne the wur with vigour; and, for that pur-
pose, to employ the whole psilitary force of the
country.

,

We here received Yrs' York Piper+ to the gth,
and Matfett to the st7th 'ult.—They emiteiii
tiros of any interest, their • ottani* being" filled
with electioneering controversy..

The account brought by the Express packet,. 1
from America, of the destruction of the two French
line-of-battle ships from L'Orient, is utifunuded ;.
they were chased by the Resolution and another
line-of-battle ship, which lost . them in the night.
On tile kith last, they arrived At Cherbourg, where
they are blockaded by three soil of the line. IM
hearing the news of the action of the Danube, they
tired a salute and hoisted tt,,ir colours in stAilt of ,
our squadron. The two French Fugate* that es--
raped at the same time from the Sointes,ure block-
aded at Cusdalotipe. Sir ALEXANDEIL CII4:IIAAN 4
arrived in the Neptune. at Martinique, on the sth
tilt. and was exptctad at Bartadou4 on the 110,.
'hue Eclipse awl Plain& sloops asst., and Liberty
brig, have arrived in Carlisle say. The Eclipxe
laseonlered to prtseed to sea, in quest of hes of
the cueiny's- privateers, which have escaped from
(;ttallaltip e.. and are supposed to be cruising in
I. the latitude of Barbados*,
...........•••••-•

We know that Nliunstirra have received letters
from indindnals at Amsterdam, dated the 10th of
Jciar. to which they believe that credit is this ;
mating, that BON g PARTS Was again defeated on the
.28th of May, with great loss. Ve know likewise,
that, down. to the 11th of this month, no rejoicings
, whatever hail taken plate 6110111; the 'slink extencof
the French coast. Lastly, us eighteen dayshare now
elapsed MIMI! BON 4IIP ART 5,:.11 last Proclamation to
his Army of It•ily, we may be assured that no vic-
tory, or success of any kiln!, hail accompanied his
arms down to the 30th or tit of May; since.
01111itIrCilly, in such case, war should have been in—
formed of it by himself.
It is impossible for the most desponding mind•

.

not to be struck with the fermentation that to
pervade and to animate all the N.atlt of Germany.
Macy &LULL% we venture to predict, will arise in
every part of the extensive countries water...l by
the Vistula. the Oder and the Elhe, if the wog-
gle between BONAPARTE. and the Austrians should
be prolonged. Prince Wilms:a of BRVNSWICII
LUllioievatau has issued a landsman ~,,, which
breathes therimine spirit of freedom, and is well
calculated to rouse his entintrymen.• It is dated
front littamatown ot. Losstia, not far from Dres-
den, mid on
,the very edge of Bohemia., from which
romary he may derive support of every kind.—
This place being in the dniaiasions of the Elfetur
of SAXONY, N teut:Lors null ttttt yattri-
bute the Prince's coulluct to the secret suggestions
of that Sovereign, who, with hi. Court, has miaowed
to leipsic. It is worthy a notice, that in the
General Orders to his Troops," dated like-
atm-c Zittan, a day biter than his Proclama-
tion to the Germans, namely, the 22al of May.
Prime WILLIAM expressly s--arts, that General
(711ISTIILLAR has defeated the French General Lb;
Ftsvax, and has driven hint mat of the mutiny. ;"
meaning, undoubtedly, the Tyral. Now, we have
rc .ytedly dated our doubts and Jislielief of the
pretended victories of Le Ft BYRE aver the :n.tir-
serbdTyroleite. That inspeuek, a town incapable
(roan its visitation of making resistance, should
here been captured or re-occupied by the rresicli,
is sery pssible. But that an droned population of
many thousands, who hart laid nailer coatribution
half Bavaria and Swidnet, slnaild be was anddeuly
and so totally suppresst•cl, 111 a few days, 'a) iha

. .
•
Ttent....• did to as appeir. and isaprebibie. W*
shall be mull* surprised, if the next accounts do•
not inforar us, that the Tyrolima have either never
laid down their arms, or that, on La Fravnies re.
• eel to Vienna, they hive resumed them with aug.
uicete.! ardeur.
Hot:ever inferior the talents of Cacearret.t.,
141,t1 ItO itinst• be esteemed to those of
BONAPAItTL, yet O:et there a striking similarity in
many rt;srers i.etween Ot.IVUO and ApoLsbN.—
Not that in atrocity. iii.viuleitco, in lawless urubi-
timi, anti iu the utter t outessipt of all compacts or
obligations, the Protector can challenge any cern.
puritan' with the Lissperur : Hut, its laced' oils.
tilty, in hypocrisy, apd w conceidiug or ettempt--
itig to veil their crimes and enormities under the
11mA of religion, there is s most decided resem-
blance between the two usurpers. IVhile the Cor-
sican appeals in Austria to the or Cod of victory,
11%1.0.'1[1. of perfidy • aiid iiigraritude," attritive'. of;
his military aid diplomatic disciples, an helium
too like himself, repeats, boyoad the Pyrenees, these
audacious invocations of die Divinity, to attest and
to sanction the flagitious enterprises of a ruffian,
who has systematicnily converted Europe into a
vast cemetery, in order that he and his brothers
or his Generals may reign over it. We allude to
the letters of•Seassoisxt, addressed to the Spa-
nish Mitaisters or Commanders. Every turpi-
tude which can &hese or degrode a mind of rec-
titude.. is there proposed rod recommended by
resuming, adapted to produce the desired end.—
While he attempts to delude the understaiiding Ly
sophistries and abstract proposifons, lie endeavours
to corrupt and deprave the heurt by insidtous offers.
" You, generous but misguided Sraniards," says
SEUASTIANI." are figlitipg for the
lwejmliees, time interests of et.mie Grandees, and of
England. Look to•the just, loyal, and beneficent
JOSEPH, the august !mother of NAPOLSON. It
he who will assure the felicity of Spain. But, if
you were capable of withstanding my arguments,
yen must Ise seusible that you can neyer resist my
master's swum They are invincible; and no
hinuan creature can arrest the designs which aie
planned by. the oaautputelit genius of the Emperor,
to whom Cud has assured 'victory over all his ene-
mies." Tlieee are SaIIAITI Vied 0.44414 expres-
sions. No Fanatic, in the time of our civil wars, no
Preacher or General of Obreca..could have spoken
iu lerlU.4 more assures' of thus proteution and favour
of the Divinity, than aloes this profligate Italian.
Whatever iudignation such sentiments or ex-
pressions may excite, is however corrected and
extinguished ray the replies of those to whom they
were addroacil. T'aere is nothing more devoted,
or ',sort touching, in A theeian or iu Roman annals,
thaii &h_ 11.141lerr given to these insulting proposi-
tion:. Pituetots, or FAHltlelliti, or the elder
Cts-o, could not, in a similar situation, have ex-
primed themselves with inure simplicity and dig-
nity, then JovebLatros, and SUINEDItfrt, and Vs-
NEGAII!*-" We do not contend, (say they.) for
tile imittisitine, or for absurd prejudices, or for the
interests of the Grandees of Spain, or for England;
we are 6 ;kiting fur the precious rights of our Kiog,
our Religion, our Constitution, and our independ-
ence. We can correct the abuses of our former
Government, without King Joss:Nis assistance ;
carry his virtues and N•eursox's arms elsewhere.
%V shad not sully ovir grey heirs by listening to
your base proposals. The enthusiastic opposition
to the change of Dv misty is not peculiar to Aida-
lowa. it pervades every Spanish bosom, as you will
find ere long ; finally, we neither believe iu the tri-
umphs of your emirs, nor in thenmni potence of your
Emperor, as a pledge of (stare victories ; nor, least
of all, in your isiipioua assurances of the favour and
protection of the Divinity, extended to the most un-
just, against the " most holy and the must sacred
of climes." A nation, Meister+, and Generals,
capable of acting asp to these professions, can only
he subdued by tut irresistible military force. How.
ever gloomy may have been, and still are. the af-
fairs Of Spoilt, we e t consider them as despe-
rate, while such men survive at the head of tin in
councils aud armies.

A letter from the Baltic was yesterday read at
Ltoctrs Cottee.house, which states, that the ce-
lebrated patriot, Sctithr, is still alive, ainl giving
new life to the popular cause. One of Semmes
officers, it soya, by personating his Chief dining
the attack oil Strakinid, heroically. sacrificed him-
self to sore his gallant tricot'.
Several regiiiieuts of Light Cavalry, with Horse.
Artillery, to slit anniout of rot troops, iuclusiv...
of those lately embarked, are to be sent to rear
force the tkitish army in Portugal, as scam as-
transport, can be gist nearly to receive them
A. WEELmittiv hash% made partici/la, application.
kir lill• species of force. Of the light cavalry,
the little rey,iiiient, now am the 1.11114 of the Kent
district, hos received rodent to 1.0111 itself in readi-
ness; awl Capt. ;MACDONALD.% troop of hinve.ur-
ti,irry, at present •1 Canterbury-. is among the
of they- which are ilestioeli for this nervier.
.1 hr tiorac-artiliery has been fonod particularly ser-
viceable where rapidity of movemetit is required : *-
troop, which served doting the kat causpinan ut
Spain, having motile a 'of slaty tusks w out
ilav•
The

Gallery of the 'logos of Coptatompe woe
Rllerl yeeiewitly with strangers,. r%PrEtilig t° b"r
Sir 171: A beg% BteIDY.T7 tivisve r
the .uhjert of Pit lisiiietitlire ; but ..tir-
ficirist, iiiiinlwr.of 111eiliber. 1;or having ...ltinled in
ronstitute r limew for 1m:ow they *eat ii*°l
git do.ii•powited.

T

-, v+r^

ti

IL !A*

a-

-

r. • mar— An.
THE COURT. •
•
Yesterday. soon after twelve o',clock, His MA-
.ILaTY arrived et the Queen's Palate. from Wind-
sor. where he was received by several of the Royal
Dukes. About two o'clock His MAJESTY held a
priv.tte levee, which was attended by
The Lord Chancellor, the Lurd Precedent of the Connell,
the Lord Priry Neal, the Master-Grairral of the Ordnance,
the First Lord of the Arliniratiy, the three Secretaries of
Mote, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Judge Arleo-
ate. the Lord Chamberlain, the Lord Steward attic House.
Lold, the Duke of Montruse, the Earl of Egmont ; Lords
Ileathtield (gold atickt, mid C. Nicitecr aiiiiiA) ; Sire
Y. Halts and S. Cottrell; and Grueral Broderick.
'the follewiii4 hull the honour of being present-
e.l to Ilis M JI.STY
• Tice Earl t.f Exremout, upon his being appointed to be
ildentenant-Coluttel of the 'humors Local Militia.
Alniur-Grueral Broderick, upon hie appointment to the
inueernment of Martinique, and to the command of the
Hegira-at of Mails.
His MAJXSTY held a Privy Council, and gave
.autlieness to Earls CAMDEN, WEiTAIORLAND, LI.
caPoot, and CIIATHASI ; M.:tars. CANNING and
l's.accem.; and Mr. RYDER, who laid before His
M.alksry the proceedings of several Courts-
Soon after six o'clock EIS MAJESTY sot cff upon
his return to WitstlAOT.
The Duke of' PORTLAND was prevented front
attending Ells MAJESTY through indisposition.
. _
THEATRE, HAYMARKET.

Last night was performed thr Comedy of The
Wander. 'lite character of Don Felix was admirably
xd.taiued by Mr. Y51.11'40; Mrs. tit.oeca's Vielonte
wee excellent. and received teat applaune which ir
doe to her merits. Mr. Jos; es appeared for the
firot time in Linseed°, and to great advantage, par-
tietil lay in t:,e urene oft the ring. which kept the
audience in a roar of laughter. Continued hur.te
of applause attended his performance throughout.
Mr. I:IERMAN.S rime of The Critic followed,
and *ea off with its usual eclat.

WOBURN SHEEP SIJEJRING.

On Tuesday 'morning, his Grace the Duke of
Bedford, and those Gentleatee who were inerahers
if the Smithfield Club, of which hi, Grace •is
President, held ■ meeting at Woburn Abbey':
(MI then jimied the rest of the company, and ex.
Noumea the wethers cod thearee exhibited as can-
didates for the Prises offered by his Grace for the
best. About twelve o'clock the Gentlemen set nff
to a farm of the Duke's, about a mile from the
Abbey, to be present at the ploughing-match,
when seven ploughs started for the silver cup of-
fered by his Grace to the prophet& of the hest
dough, and two guineas to the holder. The
judges appointed to decide the piestion were bit-
ally emrloyed in collecting materials for their re-
port, to he inatie on Wendesday. The ploughiug
cannoned till about half-pint two o'clock, when.
Coe company went to the Park Farm, and, after a
short sprat in viewing the agricultural imple-
ments, the .following Noblemen and Gentlemen,
to addition to those nientiohed yeateriley, returned
to the Ablwy to diiie with hie Gr.mee :
Earl Firrteacue, ELI of Darnley, the Earl of Upper Amory,
lard Ludlow, Sir Hugh highs, MrCoke, Mr. Culiing
Mr. Child, Mr. Weston, the. Rev. Mr. Ward, Mr. Germ',
Mt. Nortbey, Mr. Jenninp, Mr. Atkin, Mr. went, Mr.
Leeds, Mr. C. J Tboasimn, C. A. Warlry, Mr. Plenty, Mr.
Bevan, Mr. Hossou, Wm. Tanner, Hie Rev. Mr. Cooties'
Mr. Newman, Mr. aistoa, Mr. Curley, Mr. &mays, Mr.
it roll, Mr. Demo, Mr. Grien, Mr. aoromers, Rev.'!'. Hill,
Mr. Cough, Mr Astley, Mr. Fame, Cul. Cuff, G. Melthy,
J. Wood, Mr. Watkins, Mr. Ratcliffe, Mr. Miler, Mr. Wil-
liams. Mr. M. Wilson, W. A. Bititeuri, R. Elair4,. W. RIM.
kin, W. Mace), Marcy, inn. Ate Welstead, Voroarii,
Hinninartd, A. ManAleld, Mr. J. Koper, Mr. Saili4, Mr. J.
Emery, Mr. C. Gregorn Mr. Thornton, Mr .1. Rreis„
causingiems, J. IYebater. wen J. Webster, inn. Mr..l.
Harvey, G. Wynter, T. Nails, W. Lionel, Felwond,
Twees, J. Smicock, C. Allison, C. Hitt, T. Negni, Ur. Ito.
biusua Dien. Mr. Hawley, Mr. Girataaway, Mr. Bar.
tun, Air ley, he. Ise;
'the cloth being drawn, the usual toasts were
given,
Sir J. Stectate rose, and, in a short, speech, rc.
commended to the attention of Gentlemen ul land-
ed property, the improvement of waste lauds.
About live o'clock, the cumpauy returned to the
Park Farm, and examined, several machines which
were working m the rick-yard. In addition to
•those we mentioned yetterlay. Mr. Shepherd had
brought a portable thrashing machine. worked by
two horses, the invention of Mr. Salmon, and im-
proved by Mr. Shepherd ; Mr. Plenty chewed a
patent plough ; Mr. Krrectree, a patriot churn,
which attructed considerable notice ; Slr. Snowden.
n patent chaff rotting macbiue ; an instruthent to
,ascertain the draught of ploughs, by Mr. &shy ;
a model of a windmill, for draining feu land, by
Mr. W. Beighton.
Three of his (.race's rams were let for the sea-
son, one to Ma. Pusfer, for uo gninepa, a three-
shear ; another to Mr. Maim, at 33 g ens ; end
a four-shear, at 40 gnnrens, to Mr. I.etuslier.
Some cattle were also sold in the evening; a
Deem, heifer, three-years old, to Mr. Smith, at
tz gitioeite ; a Hereford heifer, to Mr. Platt, for
471 gllllO,lll/ ; is Devon heifer, three-years old. to
Mr. Smith, nt 244 genuine; another Hereford, to
Mr. Platt, at 26 guineas.
Mitsui omen o'clock the ennominy retired.
Yesterday, at three o'clock, the Duchess of
Basisawica, sod the Princess of WALES dined
with the Duchess of YORK, At her house in the
Stable-yard, St—James's ; at hell-past five o'clock
the I)iiehers of Reueswicu let off on her return
to Blackheath, uud the Princess of WALES to
Kensington Pulace.
Yesterday, the Earl of Ctirrnast and a select
party dined with the Duke of CARIBRIDOE, at his
Ileum in Berkeley-square.
• General A. Hoes will give a grind dinner, on
Saturday. at his house on Blackheath, to the Doke
or You. Earl of CwaTer aN. and nbumerous party.
The Marchioness of Hiarroao will give a grand
root. this eveimig. at her house in Mauchester-
Square.
Yesterdaty, Lord sod Lady Mut.oaava, and a
monstrous assemblage of persons of distinction,
visited the petatiage, &C. at Cleveland blouse.

"'`

INTER ESTI N G FE M A LE.
The fullowitig interesttb cease occurred at Char.
lotto 'foam Prince Edward's Lim!. during the
lute Sessions in April last :
Uiion applicant.. t to Cesar Colclough. Eq.
Cole Justice of the Island, a writ or !Mow
Corps, we, issued to bring up► the body of Amelia
Fitisterbush, ititerestiog and heatitifnl girl of
16, a native' of England, who hid been trepanned,
and earned only to Newfoundland, and thence
to Prime Eiliwarsl's Island, laiit season, under
pro-truer of carrying her to some watertn.,•• place
on the roma of Esiglend, or to the Isle of Wight.—
It appeared, from the affidavit of Amelia Fluster-
bush, that her Cither, John Filistertnish, had been
!lustre' of
.the Baud to the 4th regiment) and, af-
ter irtlifleig the regiment, had retired to No. 6, CM-
boot-re-place, Chelsea, where fib now resides.—
:Unita two years atis, she weld to the hours of it
Miss. Vi'atlwa, Great POltiaml-street,
souse husband carried yin the business of au uphol-
sterer there, to Make some clothe-a for the did-
dreii. About five or six weeks before Deponent
kit England, she went there again ; and, /her
she had been there a few days. Mr.. w,,_
then proposed to her to undertake the bushiest'
of the house, us a servant, at the usual waties.
—She cousulted her mother. who, bs.ving a
good opinion of Mrs. IVathen„ consented; but De-
ponent flailing the work ton heavy for her, request-
ed Mis. Wathen to look out fur a prison to till her
placc.—Sll.: was then asked, if she bad any objec-
t:onto go wits Mrs. Wathett, sod the children, who
had lately xtught the measly., to Margate, Hants.
gate. Cheltenham, or some other waterer.;; place,for
two or three tnontlts? to which she consented—Mrs.
Wetheo having always behaved to her likes mother.
The day of departure from town now approarlied ;
and when Mr.,. Watlwri was pocking asp smite
thing she observed, that though not exactly to her
mind. they would do very well, until they got to
Cneitenlpitn. as her mother lived there. From Lon-
don they weut in the stagecoach to Liyerpuol,wher.
Mr. mill Mrs. Wathen passed by tha moue of Sinith,
and from thence to St. John's, Newfoundland, un-
der the same name. Deponent. when at a great
dieNanee at seal. perhaps 300 miles, asked one of the
Radar. how far they were from the Isle of %Vigil,.
supposing that place to he their destination, and
then, for the first time, she learned her real Finns-
tion, mei flirt she was on her way to a distant
country. Upon her arrival at Prince F.iliverd's
Island, she told tier melancholy story. All pitied
her, hut none helped her to riiiress. With tears
she supplicated her mistress to permit her to
return to F.aglatitl with Captain Sanoter, iu
whose vessel they had come to Prince Ed ward's island,
where they resumed their real name or Wathens
Her tnietrrsi mating her in a very.driferent manner
from that which Deponent had eyperiesiced w Eog,-
fiend, told her she Could not leave the island without
permission of the Governor, and a Mr. I lull, a oris.
'Meteor in whose service ?Ir. ‘Vailien
went out, seconded Mrs. W. with her advice, telling
her, that she had got a good master stud inistreo,
and could not go home until they pleased. Cos-
compere. where this interesting girl was landed
from Newfoundland, is the property of Mr. 11'n-
then's employer, at the extreme' roil of Prime
Ed 'yard's Island,' and very thinly, inhabited ; hut
even here British laW and. Efritish justice, 'tinder
the administration of a good and humane
Judge, found cut this injured female', and re-
dressed her wrongs. Her liberation was Sttollg-
ly oppo.ed ; hut all the ingenuity of Counsel
could not 'avail against the force of truth and
innocence. At the recital of her story. there
was not an. eye in Court that was not suffused
with tears ; and her sentence of liberation wits
heard with a tumult of joy. The celebrated Mrs.
Clarke did not display more talent ; hut, in mo-
desty and beauty, there was no parallel. Many
offers, lionminthle and dishonourable, but several
of them ino.t temining, have been since. Illaltr to
the lovely Amelia Finsterbusli, hut they have been
all rejected.; awl this interesting. young wtonna is
smutty expected in &Likud. with Col. Cnm?tou
anti his ftmily, to ;their! care the Governor of
Prince. Edward's Island, who acts also as Chan-
calor, has consigned her. • .
law
The Earl of SEFTON met with a serious acci-
dent yesterday afternoon. As his Lordship was
driving his lofty baronclie at a great rate, with
four blond bays, with Mr. Cutlet:it:tr. sitting ors
the box, on turning from Arfington-st:ret into St.
James's street, the spring of the box broke ; hit
Lordship fell upon the horses, but cootimied to
hold the reins. and was thus; by a great exer-
tion, enabled to restrain their *need. Ile re-
ceived no material injury. but Mr. Cnuticsmt.
was throw') on the pavement, on the near aide of the
carriage, with great violence, renal remained for a
chart time nearly IWlSttele24; he was conveyed to a
sedan ehair to his house at the corner ..f Park-lane,
and ass. last night in a fair way of recovery.
Ilia Grace of PON. ILAN D, Lords TA ta Laityttta.
13ut.aul.av, and other accomplished Comboiftesors
in airs.. have visited Wuwoo's rare and woiryor
collection. The superb opal, the largest in el-
-1 ietence, with a tine bead of Arni. Lo—the richly-
' illustrated gold medal, presented by Pope CIA:-
stow! VIII. to Haut Lt; GitAistr— the sorilmyz
mimeo of LLizsmoeti, and the exquisite fetus
Nature, exhinitiug, tip a titer that. a woSt striking
likeness of the late ,11r. Vt-rr. were most patticis-
larlv aamired.
'the Countess of CAMDEN will give a grand'
ball and sapper on Monday. evening.
The Vrince of (Maxus, only son of the late
STADTHOEDIX is arrived IR London.
The Loan CIIAIICELI,OR was occupied the whole
of yesterday rumuiog,in his private chum her, sit hear-'
in.. petitions in the. ease of the Duke of Sussex and
ady. AUGUSTA 10" 'relative to the camas(
their childten.-- 4.bunt twelve o'clock, his Lordship.:
ordered the Court to be informed. that he would
not he able to attend to any other business in the
course of the morning.
In the me. of the fitymarket Theatre. the LORD
CHANCELLOR on Wednesday 'unharmed Nlr. Mort-
als. one of the Proprietors, to at.-t as Treasurer,
without prejudice.
In the Cate of the Klan a. VALENTINE Joao.
the Defendant, lately found guilty of dcfrandiog
the public, was yesterday ordered to be brolubt op
For judgineut, in the Coact of King's bench, on
Monday neat.

...


CATHOLIC MEETING. •
EIHIBITIOY-ROOM,AVILLIAM•STREET, DUBLIN,
ll*y ao9.

wax ass
• ......-
Lord FINGAL beiag orianinoonsly called to the
Chuir, and Mr. flaw. the Seco- Wry of the Catholic
Body, haviug.arrit the IZa4puNition for which the
Meeting was roues-tied— ,
Mr. O'Cioaws or rose, and addressed the Meeting
needy as follows :--" My Lord, I held in my hand
a requisition addressed to the Catholics of (;eland,
and signed by .501, most revel:11011e Members of
that body, among:whom ranks the for,eruost, es well
from ins station ale from his unceasing devotion to
the Catholic Cease. any Nel,le Friringliosrd Netter -
vide. There are also to lie feunst in"ttiis requisi-
nolo, sonic of the first and racist respectable of the
country Getitletilca of Ireidod, some of the first
merchants awl must reveredtatile citizeu, of I)ribliii,
thither the ananesinia of this iraleperadrait regni alien,
we are assembled, for this purpose of determining
on the propriety of petitionin:the leoistlatnre at
tine potion re. fur the removal of the disabilities and
ins epowitirs under which we lel•onr. I (Jet: impel/
to your Lordship's nonce, in the horrible hope, that
the considemtion which I have given this subject
may he amour service to the cause which I espouse.
I know that, in the rause of truth, the weakest tibia
titles Inav prosper, end such I do conceive to he thii.
cause which I now support. I coulees, my Lon;
the greatest &Homily ohitls I fuel ire discuomag this
question is that imposed can ere by being obliged to
argue in favour of a self-evident propontiou, that
it is the duty and the interest of the Irish Cod:o-
-hm session alter session. to petition the Legisla-
, titre for Ullequelity of privileges with all the King's
subjects. I commit divine whet opposition can be
erii-red to the measure, males, the time, and the
late period sat the sessicas is relied on. My Lord,.
it 14 my unaltered and unalterable opinion, that the
Catholics of Ireland should petition the Legisla-
ture, year after year, until the prayer of tiwir peti-
tie* be granted. Thisopinion I found, nut only %you
my own experience of the past. not only from the
information I have derived from the Parliamentary
History of this' country *ince the year.. 1774, but
from the advice • tir two of our .bettflieuds, cud
some of the *blest inen England ever*orliiced.
mean the bons. rood ever-to-bedeptented Charles
Ames FOX and Lord Grenville I do not think
that a measure of such consummate wisdom and
transcendent importance ought to ItT deferred for
any time, or depeini upon any voutiu,lericy. A
mute demeanour, a smiles silence, is cold de-
terfunied apathy. are not tiarcharacteriaties of fee.-
men, or of men making *legal aid anistitiitioual
effort for their undaubtetriAts ; such cOnilsiet air
guts badly, I will soy, fan* friends and the ene-
mies of tape measure. Te neglect- a regular and
visoroira appeal to the public., is to suppose
herdilioed anal iallexiisility ora the part of Govern-
ment, whit a, under presaingcirenmetrinces, could
not be peouvered iu. The measures of a state,
the the actions of 1111 114411111141, must very with
the varying course of human events. I understand,
my Lori!, that some well-iiiteritioned men indulge
in the hope that their cause has already. suceveried,
apd that erne will produce that conviction which
will insure ultimate Aneress ; but they are erysely
• deceived. The Catholic, ea Iht wort* relax. in 'my
one constitutional effort; they ought toga forward;
their cause is the cause of common senacand justice;
it restirnorm t he wimulest prir.ciples, leads to the most
ituporteut consequence', and therefore cannot too
frequently be brought before the notice of the pub-
lic. What evidence us there that this decorous and
dignified silence, which is recommended, would
he rewarded by those concessions of which so many
persons appear to be certain ? Let us attentively
consider this question, What have we ever gained
hat by Petition ? iVliat have we gained, or rather •
what have we not lost. by:, this cold and dignified
silence? If I establish time we suumerleil by
petitioning, and by petitioning only. and that we
have lost ground by our silence. there is an end to
the reasoning on the suLject—l must here advert
to the historical state of the question, lit the year
1774. the Catholics of Ireland, after a *ad calm of
deseotistn, idler a deadly si Isere of more thou
100 seen or misery and degradation, presumed
to petition, end: what was grentea` to them ?-..
1111 an Aet of ParlSintent pfsaed, tO
senable them
to testify their 6111140•1114 M, by taking au oath, not
involving airy article of Anti, or aptintlatieeopiunisi.
It may rouse the feehregis of the essersittly, bat the
fact is, that our sinfultivy ancestors enaohlered even
that as a baton.—lts 1779, rirpu aleprig of live years,
the Catholic-, again ventured teemorateh thwParlia-
meat ; a .dl for their relief was then introdneed.
What did this Bill enact ? After acknowledging,
their mei ear., laird, curl peecealde behaviour,
they were rewarded by the mighty roncesion of
twin ennead to tike leases for f`',l9 years. and
they were permitted to eriov such estates as
aliould be trensferred theta, find to devise the same
as refer prarls•nriffit. So humiliated were they by •
coarse of oiriars-ion and. slavery, that they rube
ns tssively and thsafiftilly received this further con-
ceaaion. In 17111. that period so dear to the 'real-
leetiou of every !rishinaii. so celebrated fur the roe
aariniiion of the Conatitutim, to the Protestanta (for

it was only to thrua restoreill—tke Catholic., rous-
ing froze their arimilail apathy anal indolewer, again
petitioned the Legislature. What did they obtain
at that period of literality anal freadost, at that
period of ernancipat:ou from the yoke of a Britiels
Parliament, and of a restoration of Ireland to all
the honours and Westing, of.i British Ceisatitiitiun?
They obtained an Act of Mirlasswest, impowerin
them to take leases for iives. to hohilltintda, by pun.
Lipase. grant, limitation. rtescesg:. or d rise. de.
acendible by will or otherwise, staPpete4.tanto meld.
They needed nu I dechnelistestliambtrai where. sod
by whom, mass Wes celeltethlik roilrnallirereitot
to he taken (rem the** Apo* a 01 SI. ; they
were allowed to fret in ones,amilsio'be Karciliaas
of their own childtein. Ido Nolliatiktioa tlsie. aisy
Lord, for the purpose Of iudamillt Or reweaving Un-
pleasant rememlarenees--eny object is conciliation.
This it a history of the Cathatlic.Csuln. in eirly
times, and my wlieci is to deew, thaw, trivial as these
concessions were, it wee by.pelitiea. and et-nem...11
applic.inons only, they were obtained. FIIII4I this
period the Catholica restod,hi and niierraids'
Acquiescence, in n vtate:rilt wileywpashy, anal cri-i
inal inaliffieruncie. fee the 'apses of ter ceaaraa. until''
year of In g! During this Interval of ten



years, what was obtained ? Did the Commontlee.
did the Loole--did any branch of the Legislature
—dud eny public man—did any patriot of the day.
*414 add' Itivoeitta 'their claims ?—Were not here
deide'llir ltelosid.....wereAnot commercial arrange.
'haute adapted—did it the Representatives of the
.tiiopre tegislate, without, regarding our cause; or,
WI if there were not such a people es Catholics its
' iheislated i' AinefreettYi. because they did not pe-
, fitien--heeseme they were tamely, and servilely, and
loosely eicessioucent in their own degradation. flow-
erer,-the Cuthefices did petition in 1'79..t, and 1 am
allerner meleinnoil to rectal to the recollection of the
assembly the reception which that I,ention met;
it wu. moderate, and, Heaven knows, humble
eIIOUN4-.-,:ot, in a House of Commons, eonsutint
Drumm tlimi Joni Members, it follOd only i 3 sup-
porter. ! Ine fact seas, its silence of ten yews had
ninny tei4iiereted from the House theireecollection
of our chains. But mark how this same Parliament
acted. 'lire spirit of libernlity sued inquiry had
shoot. forth—the Catholics awoke—they petitioned
their cenninon Fattier and Protector, our moot
gran-boos nod bessevolent Monarch, is whotu we
are tedelited fur all the rights we enjoy ; Maiery
ellhpoused intr cause, and this very mine Parliament
eignamously granted, iii 1793, the claims which they
had almost nieemitoottely sceutedeisc moods, before.
—lt le elated unnecessary, my Lord, to call to
tie recollection oldie meeting the period of Earl
Fitsuillinin'o adutinietration, and the ani.initous
CataletitteUCei of leis inauspicious re cal. After his
departure, m the sear rfee, Coe petition, though
ably supemrted by a dietinguialted rninciiity, was
rejected by the Irish Parliament ; but the progress
it made war irresistible; repeated discussions had
prepared and enlightened the poblic 4on the
subject. Mr. Pin felt it, and, m lent, that Minis-
ter resigned the helm of the State, upon the prin.
ei;ole or pretest that he could not carry the weir
sure. From 1798 to 1805, the Catholics were
again silent, and prostrate at the feet of their
eueinies; when, by almost the sole exertimie of a
man, to whom the body should for ever fael i.e.
debted, their petition was, for the tarsi 1100,114
presented to a British Neese of Commons; and
although it svas rejected; yet the came wee
advanced by the great talent, good senile, mai
deration, and liberality, with which it was discussed!
The proves of the great F.,x, the tektite:el a
Grenville and a Windburn, Hurl all the enkshnised
and
..unprejudiced part of the community, were an.
raved oil our side. The Bishop' of Norwich, mid
Casidaff. mid St. Asuipli, those venerated Prelates,
their orussineute of the episcopal bench, supeetoe
. to-ipitte theological fitefings raised their sown in
&your of unicerial toltiktion. W.. this doing tees
! kintlis,:—vres it bre dignified silence we gamed est*
iPttett louts advocates ?" NM, my Lou', it was merely
hind solely by agitating the question, hy keeping
(air claims alirk, by seminding our I'mtreterpt fel.
low;.eubjerts that there were four mullions of Ca.
'holies, who prised political anal religious hberty as
highly re they did ; who felt us ardent • desire to
participate in the blessings and enjoy mentv of. that
Cosiatitutine. to %Inch they were so justly and mi.
tirely attached. I now come, my Lord, to a period
when our friends, or those who warmly supported
our claims when iii opposition, tame tato power.
Fcr those Noblemen and Gentlemen I entertain
the htghest respect : end for the purity of thew ie.
tentinns, us one Catholic, 1 am grateful ; but when
* pentioa was proposed and agreed to in 1906. I
did not feel inclined to postpone its presentation,
solely for their comfort and convenieuce. We
untamed. for tan months after they got into office,
waiting to ,ma them redeem the pledge s hick
.abthey had No often and so solemnly given. How.
_ever, much against toy ineliwation, the petition
was at that time'postpioned. The lute Ministry
thee %mutest, and the war-whoop of faumicisin *ea
nitsed.by a smell mid is party iii fliigland ; how.
icit
f,,, A, t ..Qpn 144:11I away j for in a year after our pf.
mien was a second time discussal iii the Imperial
:Piirlisment, and the Whim of the English peop:e
'that bad- her ti.. thusrlried. were not to be again
stimulated by the weaned and half-exhausted
blowzy of 1% Ir. l'erceval, to • renewal of that
beastly, and imeliristiau outcry of " No Popery !"
—Bat leek, eieser was • ineaanre more candidly
or tame teuiperiately discussed. I deny that the
Ceitholics were ineitlted, or their bill econted ; pre- '
jesehres ere el...dually dissipating, mod 1,31, I trust,
WOO be entirely estinguishe i ; I therefore conteud,
my Lord, that this gradual amelioration of the
vol.lic Se,,timettt, this pereiemble retreat of bi.
golly and prejudire, is solely to be attributed to
the system Innerly adopted by the Codfishes of
frequently and OCTIIPOCtflilly, bit VigO.Olally, Veil.
tiomag. Aud now, my Lord, that I bare dr mon.
stetted the benefits we have derived. anal are likely
to derive, from incessantly tiietitioniug, I call upon
the Gentlemen who now oppose the petition, to
drew whin benefit hat resulted from an indignant
silence. They can whew none. My Leird, an ob-
jection has been started to this measure, which I
should be ashamed to notice, but that it has made
an impression upon some men, whose friendship I
esteem, end whose understandings, until this time.
1. highly respected. It is the : that the people of
Eiughind, abandnuing the idea of reforming the
/
abuse-, in the Constit • urr, nuking the sense of
their own wrongs and grievances in their anima.
say to us, will, if we pelieon, turn about. and
shake hands with the Ministry, and make commute
cause against us. This is an idea so preposterous
and ridiculous. 'petitioning and so offensive, so un-
just end so ungrateful to tile British nation, that
it vitamin, stud ought not to be gravely mentioned.
Is It2itst Ur grateful ill a., lifter the splendid stop-
port we have received in both Houses of Podia.
meat ; after the tkertious that have bi en marls
for ins by an make great and good turn out of
doors ; after die various letters, tracts, and pam-
phlets that here irsued from the Bedsit ['it'll*, in our
support; after the reibliestion, frPM the very seat of
. pntsbytery, of that meat able testicle in Tire Zit, .
6ter;;;ls fireaew ; after the devotion which the him,-
trinips author. of this tel.-betted work hare evinced .
in'tlese erne ; 1 say, after all this, is it jest, is
it egentionts or grateful fee Its to attribete
the the people of Itegland, a motive of odes.
each messid not netphs eedegrade then below the
• illeoloof Imam beies.7lll.ellsopentio trust no such
ernitedineie4 wilt be tebeisea. I love now to epoh.
a as. tenon, Lorebto shed time assembly. for having
l Askew ins we wisely, of iii politic time. I did think
is would-have been uuneeassery • for me to say a
, •

-

~~


ri

. -a- at
... •
Angle Word do The suliect ; the absenct l icy
worthy friend, Mr. Burke, the sanction of whose
r•ipectable ,time end high character would .have
teen weight and importance to the'inotion which I
a u alma to make, threw the task of addressiukv Non
nor me, but hope he wilPtYp liere.
II shall now, my Lord, catclade, by hinviiikat retie%
tutiolt smiler to that niaiteciii a former occasinillfyi
that great anti early frieiltle and father of the Cairtios
lie Measure. Mr. Keogh, in the year Itl07."
Mr. La Loa, of the county of •lipperorys second-.
ed the motion.
Sir F. Goof") addressed the Meeting 4 hi nearly
those words:--" I het leave,iii the strongest terms,
to have it' utiderstoml, that 1 do lint rise with the -
intention of impeding the great, extensive. and
object of petition. I only fear, my Lord, that
the 'Session of ParliaMent is too far advanced to
entertain liryes of the success. which I am per-
suaded twist eventually attend this measure. • For
I conceive it sn such a light, as that it is the one
alone best calculated to stiengthen the hands of
tr;reat Britain, by uniting with her the unanimity
el energy of every heart and kind iii this island.
My object, therefore, my Lord, is, to more, as
a) Amendiudit, that a Committee be appointed to
frame and prepare a Petition, against next Fiessioti
of Parliament—aud that au Iltilln arable Friend of
mine, who la a Meinher thereof, aud on whose
friendship awl advocacy we can rely, maybe re-
fill/med, during this Session, to give notice, that it
would he presented early in the next. This, my
Lord, 1 dot lest our brethren in England might
it►ppose we intended to sleep upon osre grievances ;
end also because I hope and trust, that, in the io-
terve!. the greet Catholic Body of this Island will
hare time to make their sentimeas fulfy.known,
and thereby give strength to our exertimili. ' •
• Counsellor (rtiottwali,. with a degree of candour
aud liberality, which reflects infinite credit on the
head aiiti heart of that t,kiitlemaii, agreed imme-
diately, said withdrew his motion in favour of Sir
Fre aches amenilltielli.
Mr. BAGOOT ;17,11 addressed the assembly, say-
ing, that, upon the subject of grievances, there
eaoW be no difference of opinion ; they were se-
vere, they were oppressive, and sufficient, if say
thing could do it, to vender the Catholics of Ire-
land nalitterent to the issue of the ardnnus contest
la which the empire was emtaged. He therefore
WAS a friend to petition ; but he wished that the
lien* of the whole is vole should lie taken upon it.
Meetings of the Cal,..dics in every county cud is.
every town should he held for that purpose, and
thvi the voice of His Majesty's subjects woad
ranch the foot of the Throne with effect. Of
beneficial ettkns and linal success be could esitiou
km no doubt, when he considered the increased
and increasing liberality of his Protestant comer"
total. as well as those of the sister -kiligdom, hut
aanee all, when he viewed the eaararter of the
/armee and his august family. lie sew his Protest-
ant fellow-subjects cootrimifiag liirge;y -and gene-
rously to the erectiou of Catholic place's of worshio,
and for .:rery charitable purpi4e. .- Ile saw in Lou-
don itself, a more ussguiticent establisornent than
env this country can boast of, of the souse kind. for
t:ie support of distressed Irish Cutholics, joatrunizeil
by the chief nobility of the realm, and by an the
members of the Royal Fimily. Ile reminded the
meetiag, that it was at the recommendation of the.
Xing himself, that every comet ssion to the Catholi,
of Ireland. had been made, and that electire
franchise was the consequence of Royal liberality.
Ile insisted particularly 'Lion the condescending.
mild, and coneili.aory manlier. jn which the Ca-
tholic Delegates had been received at SL James's,
and which had made a profound, a lasting. an in-
delible impression of gratitude upon his Mind.
From all these circuinstaiices, Mr. Bagiait enforced
the certainty of success to a petition brought for-
ward in the manner and under the ausoices •Is al-
luded to.
Mr. K120611-.6 I, my
.Lord, was one eif those
Delegates, anal, I eta .orilyto say, that the inapres-
*ion, %hien our reception at Court, espei tally the
last of the three times 1 had the honour of visiting
it. has left upon my mind. ie, idalinall profoatiel,
and perhaps Ili& able,et of a very alifferdit nidowe
from that experienced by the Gemleinan who
spoke last, who was not there, mad who certainly
was not instrurneatitl in sending forward that dele-
gation. But he has told you, and I perfectly con-
cur with liim.in sentiment, that, upon the subject
of cur grievances, there can tw no difference of
opinion. Certainly sot ;we all. in our several de-
pertinent* of life, feel the galling chain that em-
bitters it; and, lauwever see may vary as to the mode,
we are inianiinons as to the necestioty of getting
rid of our shackles. All trio:illy anxious for the
common cause, we are soot divided into parties--
and united by a communion of interests, and a
sympathy in suffering, faction and factions motives
are unknown amongst us. Attached, as 1 inav
be supposed to be, (and Coil kuows lam !) to
the resolutions, which I bold in my band, and
mean to propose to this ineetni4. I will with this
hand burn them before you, if .any individual
ic this assembly eau produce what, in my appre-
hension, is latter calculated to forward our object.
—But the Gentleman who last addressed your
Lordship, recommended particular meetings for
emelt town and comity, fe.-eye purpose of collect-
ing the general sense of the people. I make en
doubt of the sim erity of his intentions, nor of the
purity of the motives by which he is actuated ; but.
after this, I 'fogy he permitted to doubt, whether
Dr. Dingman himself, or Sir Richard Musgrove,
could have given any advice more decidedly hos-
tile to our views. We all know what effect such a
mode of collecting the stow of the people would
produce ; besides, is not that sense already suffi-
ciently known? " Lives there who loves his pain ?"
Is it aecessUry to impure, now-a-days, whether the
Catholics are tired of their degrailatioa .! No, no,
my Lord; no matter when. or where. or who pe-
titions for the removal of' that degradation, he is
sure to express the sense of the people, and to
have the heart of the people along with him.--
Thor, who argue that Mitsioers, when they see
the inefficacy of armies for the defence of
thrones, will at kiwi) enlist the people iii their
cause, by spontaneous coocesSton, 1 certainly ad-
mire much more for the-arifour of their ima-
gination. than the depth -of their understand-.
ine,.—Minkters have had this experience Mug
before them ; mid whet effect has it pro-
duced Nothing, certaiufy, in point of coucesainl.
•

~' .

~

I_


- -

rt not isiOni'sitiog Can any thing bid inlet-
leetual bliiadness account for soli ithatumion ?
Suppose the pris.,Mility of invasion in this country,
and it requires no enormous stretch of imagtuation
to suppose it ; su pp:ups:that ortfql politiciati, as well
ss conattinmate Gerteral, Hotirporte, to say to the
people of Ireland, " %thee ere alodistied—Religi-
ous distinctions are alsolisheii--..The Union is abo-
lished !"—And suppose, what, L trust, will never
happen, that the Irish people were weak enough to
be seduced by his specious promises; what topics
of encouragement would the English Government
resort to to counteract that seduction, and to reseal
their once-loyal aulijects to the du t i et, of allegiance?
Would they hay, " Come, gialkuut Irishmen, take
up arms agaibst the invaders of year property, and
the tithes shall be restored to you;, vindicate your
oppressed religion, and the !woad* laws shall he re-
enacted; rise ugaitist the destroyers of your na-
tional independence, that you may recover the
blessings of the Union !!" These would be dais.
geroua topics to he insisted upon iu such r case;.
and to anticipate the designs of an insidious enemy,
to turn them against himself, to convert the very
abuses of our own Goserinnent, by redressing
them, into our arms for its defence, would be
the work of real patriotism, of genuine loyalty ;
but is work which, I much fear, the present Mi-
nistry of England will uever perform or undertake.
And yet it is to this very Ministry that our peti-
tion is to be presented--the only effect of which
will be to turn the observation of the English pub-
be front themselves to us. end merge their wishes
for Keforin in the terrors of " No Popery." No.
thing that they have not already beard can be now
urged in their favour. A rgtitnent has been exhaust-
ed, eloquence strained to its utmost pitch, and
conviction enforced upon the dullest minds—but is
vain,—to what new topics, then, must our peti-
tioners resort. in order to obtain what ought loug
since to have beau granted, if eloquence, and rea-
son, and coavietion, hail their due weight ?
llau-
ger itself has lost its powers of persuasion—the de-
,stroyer has knocked at our gates, and yet we do
not take the alarm. More anxious to procure con-
verts than 'soldiers, our Euglish Saints attempt to
raise reeruits•for their spiritual kingdom, by send-
ing over to the poor Irish, cheap prayer-books and
Irish Bibles; which they require them to read and
understmed,-although scarcarly aoy two of them-
selves are agreed asiosit their meaning. Alas ! this
is not the way to check the strides of Bonaparte.—
lie is no rests cater of religious, any inure tlitiii of
persons. " The Catholic," be says, ss is welcome
to me—the Prat. taut is welcome to me—the Pre.-
bit woo is tv, !rn.ne to we—nay, the man of lib*.
rality, of no r.llgtoe at all.ds right welcome to me.
Avactied to no particular form of faith, but an be-
'tionsry member of alhasehatission so my power is the
only article in any man's erred that I insist upon.
owl that I shall take mire to-enforce." Such, in
reatify, is the roan we have to encounter, mill by
sac" cohtluet, and by such principles, has ha sub.
jil4.iteil the Contimuit of Europe. It should be
our Lit,iuests, that is, the busitteas of the Govern-
ment. to use every means to stout falling into the
same gulp:i that has swallowed up state after state.
kingdom after kingdom, :tint empire after empire.
This can be done oaly by calling into 'tenon the
whole euer;v of the people of Ireland, which cap
be edlicte, I ncly by the .ingiutlitied emancipation
of the Catholics, that is, by raising them to the
rank of *objects. While I Moist that petition to
the presort Nlinisters is not calculated to procure
that emancipation, let no man say that I wish to
relinquish our clinins. This may be the last time
I shall address you. With my ilyite; breath. and
with my last wools, as a testamentary bequest to my
beloved countrymen, I recousuiend to them never
to relinquish, hewer root to relax in the pursuit of
their ultiloohted, and indubitable rights. Stand-
ing no the verge of life, I shoal(' wish to shake off
my trammels, before I ,die--I should not wish to
carry my chilies into the grave. . But still I insist
that this is not a time fospetitioning for their re-
. inovel, um', under thisJiiipression, I move, that,
after the word REs o4vL n. the following be in-
serted :
4 We, the Catholics of Ireland, have made repeated
}petitions fur the ',lief of our grievances. The great.
rot sal it Orem of men, both in and out of Parliament, both is
and not of take, were de^.4killy in favour of the evredieut7
sad justice of interlining.; sad theyforther assisted that it
was uttermst, NM+, very existence of tie Empire to inter-
est is ifs defcore pimalatiou of from tow to five mdhoita of
Cstboiies, roustibiting news than a fourth of the united
Kingdom. We ere now unhappily and experimentally con-
vinced, that -us) principle of jn,ticr, no riwee unreasoning, is
sufficient to counteract I inairgi.Ant influence *Melt threat-
ens the Empire with genraul cootamination, and c
destruct . Pabhe deli:vivant and defAultrra wosypat ,
to hazard theesisteuce of tic reigning family, and theist&
grity of the Empire, ratlcr thou restore the people to the
prirneers of the Constiterion, which would prodice seas
wholesome reform of abuse,., as soma deprive thentarives
the opportunity of. undo:: Miscues a.id peculataar. Under
these iliscouratirg eircuinstani re, witliont hope of sureties
at present, we are unwilling to agitate our claims by petition
to Parhasmot, feeling find rejection might increase the die
commit already emoting a oar body ; and we carat be
dilfrreut to the pet ule loos etfect of segonastiogellibitiliirillib
through the debases of the flattish Patti use ISIS*
and too sweeessful enemy, with tic int Ile
rorreptions of the State, in the Oily puwrrhl nation not yet
subject to he cuutrustl."
Tula motion was seeou dud by Sir Tnomas Ea.
mo s Du, Bart.

Mr. 0 commenced his speech by la-
menting the estianeous topics which had been in-
troduced, rei lie conceived, most injudiciously end
improperly, by some tient emen who had preced-
ed him iu the debate. HP deprecated altogether
that feelin4 which led to the introdurtion of matter
irrelevant to the grand object in view—that of ob-
taining complete and sp:.eily emancipat fur the
Catholics of Ireland. No petty loin.tility, no menu
gratification of _pi rowel prejudice, no individual
ambition, *book' interfere to the preclic.iim of that
wise, energetic. and collective effort, which, and
which alonl, eoul4 crown their cause with final
tie a4mitteil. that to he leader of the Catho-
lics wase proud and ennoWing distinction ; but he
coalil not slifseicmly reprobate the idea of raising
up separate interests among the Catholic Gish—of
pahoying the main priuciple of union, and frittering
down the iflemepts of action, by paltry plans and pro-
ject... For his purt,lie should not have obtruded him-
self on the mecum:, but from the auzious wish and
Fond lioj.e he entertained, of being able to produce
imaniusity. That might easily be attained by
adopting a system of reeiproeul concessions, of which
Isis Learned Friend Ar. O'Crormao) bed_lireu PO.
candid and manly an siample. The r- with

X.
•

}

1.


which Mr. O'dorttaa had aeredeti to the sign
ments of the Hon. Baronet, had evinced that lie was
actuated unt by any spirit of party. hut by a pure
and patriotic zeal for the Catholic Cause. it was an
example highly deserving of imitation, and .if the
meeting would profit by it, their combined rcer-
tion could neither be vain or useless. Ile would,
therefore, call upou'every itehveln it of that meet-
ing, even upon those who nught differ in °mimes—
to concede to hie friend Dlr. Keogl.) the AliOth
tion of the resolution he had proposed. For his
part. he could not say that he approved of the exact
phraseeloo, or the precise style of sentiment which
that resolution contaiseil—but there war so much
of rnanlinese and of truth in it, as to supersede even
the right to examine it with too critical or captious
an iiivestigution. There was an obvious distiectiou
between a petition and a resolution. la the for-
mer you apply for a right, even as if it were a favour.
But in the latter it was becoming the Catholics,
who were in reality the people of Ireland. to express,
their sense of their wroags and sufferings, with
strength, dignity, and energy. It was, therefore,
obvious that a resolution, the same at least in spirit
with that of Mr. Keogh, ought to be uilopiell—
and aasuredly it was no small recommend:owe to
the present, that it came from hint, who, for near
30 years, had been the most active and useful advo-
cate of the Catholics; and who, even upon the
verge of the grave, was animated with the vigour
of youth, by that zeal which ii,ad deservedly ob-
tained Per him the appellation of Father of the Ca-
the/it- Cause. From these considerations he trueteil
that the proposed tesolution would be suffered to
pass without ally opposition. It would then lie
quite competent to appoint a Committee. and
make the necessary preparation for having a peti-
tion pieseuted in the earliest stage of the text
Sessiou of Parliament. Ile avowed that lie was
one of those who thought the Cathnlica should
petition, Session after Session, until, justice was
done. But to petition now would he le fact to do
it after the Session was over. It W;IM like privet-
. teeriug after the war, and the Catholic Body
disliked privateering of every descriptien.—What!
was it to be supposed that their advocates
in Parliament should address the thunders of
their eloquence to deserted walls and untenanted
benches? Was it to he supposed that the cause of
the Catholics of Ireland was to be pleaded before
the remnant of the Treit-ury Bench. mud the levied
phalanx of the 4. No Pooery" factinu ? the in-
terval between this amid tue ensuing sessions, every
arrangement could be made to bring forward the
Petition with the strongest expectation of success.
To the signatures of the Catholics of Ireland. the
tunnel of thousand* and tens of thousands of their
Irish Protestant brethren would be added, and ally
seeming inconsistency between the Resolution of
Mr. Keogh, awl the immediate preparinsig of a
Petition, would be reconciled, by recollecting, that
tire Petition was not to 't.t actually prrsrutcd until
the next 'cessions of Parliameat, and that the ob-
jertions to Petition were bunted, by the very words
of 3,1 r. Keogh's Resolution, to the preseut period.
Before the next session could arrive, there was
every reason to hope, that the prospects of the Ca-
tholics might be much altered. 'fliey were certain
of the parietal uffection of their beloved Sovereign.
Every entices. tleut has beet) hitherto made to
themliti I the relief that they had hitherto obtained,
were produced by the pen:anal iiiterferenee of Ills
Majesty. It had been suggested elsewhere., that
an objection existed in his I to their complete
emancipation; but that was a false and foul calum-
et, contradicted by every act of his life. and de-
moustrated to be false, by the were coinparisen of
the present state of the Catholics of Ireland with
%slim it was at the commencement of his reign.
Theriews and the wishes of Ministers--and Nlinis-
ters themselves might change—but the liberality of
Ilia Majesty was unvaricel ; his parental benevo.
hence had never ceased ; and the chess of his sub-
jects who ought to be. and weir., foreinnet, in grati-
tude and loyalty, were the Catholics of Ireland.—
The state oh parties iii England afforded another
ground for hope. It true. that the successors of
the ancient fanatics were still alive—of those fens-
tics who were always atrocious and unjust, to the
extent of their power, and whore natural pregiensity
to what was absurd and riilieulone was never JUJU-
nislwd. In a foriner century, when those fanatics
had arms in their hands, they plunged the nation
into a civil war, they sprinkled the senffold with
their Sovereign's blood, and they endcil in that colt-
suininat ion of all evils—a militnry de,intism. For
the prewar, being unarmed and "teak. they con-
treed themselves with the simple injustice of et-
eluding their Catholic fellow-subjects (ruin the be-
nefits of the Constitution. In the former century,
their absurdity was free eml unshackled. One of
their Parliumeists took its name from an individual
who styled himself 4. Praise God liarebeitirs;" and
another Legislator, feeling the word Nlesopotamia
in the Bible, and not knowing it was the name of
a cosintry. wade himself geographically Evan-
gelieel, by resuming the appellation. The fanatics
of the present day were somewhat more reserved ;
but it would he easy to tied amongst them ur teen
colleagues apt substitutes for the ludicrous beings
ohm former period. We might now have our Praise
God Perceral, our &reboots Castlereagh, and our
lliesopnta:nia Wit& rfarce.—( Great applausei)—
Notalthittuttling the folly and the wickedness of
fanaticism, there was ill it a zeal and a cunning
that made it formidable. The ancient saints took
up as their watch-word the sacred mime of liberty,
whilst wit modern saints here considerably advanced
their interests by asenraing the stolen garments of
humanity and benevolence. Whilst every man in
England who loved justice or who hated murder
was alive to the necessity of abolishing the Slate
Trade, our fanatics placed themselves at the head
or the abolitiouiste--they moistened with their team
the chains of the savages of Africa—they poured
out a deluge of sensibility in conjuring the Levo-.
lature of Britain to blot nit from the catalogue of
enormities the national crime of continuing the
Slave Trade. But it was a cheating huniimity—
a swindling benevolence. It was the mere stage-
trick of party ; for when the petition atilt. Clotho-
lies of Ireland--of their fellow-subjects end fellow-
chrutiaus, came to be considered—their humaility
disappeared. and their benevolence tress flung
away, and they doomed us to perpetual slavery,
merely because we prams not the. unintelligible
superstition of the hideous Negro, but that true
piety which makes the " fair-bosomed dauihters of

- - - -- ---.r---,.

grin" the Most tender of wives and be st o f nuithers.'.
Mr.o'Cenuell then coneluded &smog animated and
ebefieur speech, by again entreating the Meeting
to mead themeelves of all penitent' animosities ur
jeurt feelings—but to gully round the real spirit
of the Ca:holic Cause, with undivided energy and
onnhilied effort. Ile pronounced a most chaste
cud i•leginet panegyric upon Counsellor O'Vorman,
who h.al, he Paid, evlneed himself an illustrious
mistletoe used expounder of their rights, and de-
serving the highest confidence which could be
placed hi any O'Connell theu
sat doe u, untwist the universal and lone-e outinuert
plaudit& of the whole assembly. We never wit-
nessed such a general burst at approbation.
Mr. Renee, of Ulinck, said--" My Lord, I have
little to add to wait iny Honourable Fnend, (bir
Francis Goold.) hits said. lbeg leave to support hi:
iiiii endment in the etrinniett manlier. 1 look on
the einuncipetion of the taltholies to be, the certain
wily id' setOiring the prosperity of this country, and
the safety of the Couetitution, lye mining us all is
one body, to oppose that tyrant, who overruns avid
conquers almost the rest of Europe.—Aud I move,
my Lord, that w sunscription he Moils ith entered
into, in order to defray the expenses niending
our patriotic undertaking." (Which was according-
ly done to u huge Neuman.)
Mr. Ktu.o spoke to. the.ll4lme purpose.
Dr. Uaeucool.x rose, amidst a cry of " Qtrs.
lion ! Question." He scid, that he was not un-
posed at the iiriparience of the Meeting ; the hour
was late—they mast be fatigued ; that for his pert
he felt himself almost exhausted ; that he rout, not
to Lengthen the &bate, but, by roposlug what he
ciiiireived would meet the kentral Sense, to bring it
to a' tpreily termination. Out part of the Meeting
eeemed determined to have Itesolutioliv, expressive
of their fee:ings, mid of the situation of the Catho-
lic Italy, but no one seemed averse to petition.— '
Mr. Keogh's Resultitioils were hostile to petition ;
on this score, lie, for one. objected to them.-.--
He objected to them, also, because they note feted
with English politics. When Cathulies speak, they
ought to speak noon that subject which to more at
home, and more connected with their feeliags--
their own oppresved and degraded situatiou--this
should engross them too much, to allow them lei-
sure to uttelid to any thing of leas interest. The
Resolutions which he held in his haud, mad
which he meant to propose, seemed to enibrare
the objects of both parties. They went for pets.
Lam, mid avoided those topics, which, in J.is
Mind, were objectionable in the Resolutions
which they had heard read. As far as he attended
to the debate, they seemed calculated to meet the
-eller el sense. Although he had much to say, be
should not detail) them longer, but submit dein
withuut fattber preface to the consideration of the
meeting. He then moved a string of resolutions,
which -having been seconded and put from the
chew, it warm debate ensued ; when at length the
question being put upon them, they were negatived
without a dieision, which renders their insertion
here the less necessary.
A division was then loudly called fore when the
numbers were—
Fur Mr. Kengb's resolutions
Fee tier F. Guuld's amendment tto
• Majority —so
Mr. R. MsDoxbi st.t. theu addressed 4? Meet-
ing ; alien the Reno' lotions passed ananinkusly :
for which see our raper of Moeda), sinuight.

I-114 It.

• raamovnt, JOWL 11.
Arrived this day the Queen Charlotte pw.krt,
,Mmlye, with 111.614 from the Brazils. Left
Rio. de Janeiro on the 1 ith of April. Accouuts
received at Rio Janeiro from the Governor of •
Lima, state, that the utmost hatred prevailed all .
along the west coast of South America towards the.
French, and that the effigy of Napoleon had liege
burnt in eiery town and village for one thousand
miles in the interior, the people execrating at the
same time his perfidious treachery towards the le-
gal Sovereign, Ferdinand VII. 4 French Colonel,
disguised as is priest, had been detected in taking
surveys and drawings ofjhe country, sea coast, Btc.
about thirty leagues to the Southward of Rio de
Janeiro. and conveyed to prison. On the 10th of
May. in lac. 3. 34. long. Xi. 40. spoke the .Norton
packet, from Falmouth, v ith mails. Also arrived
this day, the Express paci:.l, Captain 'Bullock.
from New York and Halifax.; left the former place
do the nth of May, and the latter on the e6th of
May. On the day of her sailing, a schooner from
St. Vincent's had arrived there in 16 days, and
brought a Gazette of that Island of the 10th of
May, stating, that intelligence had been received
from Antigua, that Admiral Cochrane had fallen
in with two French sail of the line,and driven tin in
on shore at Porto Rico, where he succeeded it,
stro)lng them; it further ststed, that the French
prisoners were landed at Antigua. Sir J. B. War-
ren, with his squadron, and the French frigate
Juno, French brig C'elihre, and two French schoo-
ners, prizes, arrived at Halifax en the efith of May,
The %Carteret pocket had arrived at New-York.
The Priam of Wales pact (4 sailed ftom Halifax fat
New-York on the ?nth of 'Mae.

• -- -
COAL Af.titKET—Justa 14.
ships at Market. Ship.. suld. Price..
i id.. Newcastle
a.. Sunderland. z
t.. Stone Cast . . u
1 . Ciodera .... . ...... 1

PKICE UP S as:AS, YESlLltusi .
Rank Stock
3 per Crut. Reduced 67j •
4 per. Cent .
Luny Annuities
tat 9-16 the
I vontriai 3 per Cent
Irish s per Cern
;SI
Organism, .... • ..... ............ i i r -.
India Honda la r 9 press.
South Sea Steck
Exchequer BIN 6 1I prem.
India for
cohaola fur
T. lIISII, SI tick. Barker,
No 4, Combat, and No. 9, Cbarbag.ciar
-- - . --..._ -----.. Pt ,
MAKRIAGF.
Toraday, by the Iforaoonabie arid Rey J. 3101111011, MI.
Ines Hassell, Eng. of Furter to Ilion Orosvai riaraglaker 01
Joseph Green, Esq. of 4itaddeordiratrort.

d

I ..

LONDON: Primed by nilvittsoN, No to, Old
hourell-euart, eare%-etrw ; and publishrJ wI thr Office,
Duck of hi. 11% mem.' hurrh, titnerot, II), .1.
WHITE, of oniony 14 on .-411r,rr., he f,r Imo P,:ter,
aeu"°lll4Chrice il; duly 4414.04:44 to.

.

_

'V

THIS
pr
IN Ave meek
Ti

A impend,
Eyre; bit
WaiW
Liston, Lt
Chaff; CI
To *bid

Jeremy 11
r74:intiel 11
f,r.
lye.oxis
Y.
piers
l'uscv!l2
VlteMti*

citig
O, Ws
dry, 114 fr
A new Irs
Ihrwant t

diskl
*evil's S

of icei7ewe
prepared, a
Meelnhere,
ppm, fur I
asembeeloi
relisely IA
King, mob
aficertfon
The Mamie
A Grabill
dons New I
ferias of
Under the 1
cesi

S

Or OP
27.11.4—T
te tend Ow

sod HH full
SOCWI

71011is•11
.71-arVie

UN YII,•A
Idirctior fid
•
: -

.hOS T
AP
r...y
Cheri/41i
Jew

..4....................

T ICH
JNa
h.. is, C
quaint tbe
that ihry 1.
of coathset
per•Hutegit
miss,
fell tuntete
',pen hshl

Oat of deo
orlial sod
O eadisso
G. COO
lo the it,

Nesters, I
tioss fink
effect, su
owe of too

erst artist
have so th

the advatii
interventic
&ad orpro.
ftlgnslift die
th
d PI
The prom
British Ai
Geary CI
oar of
Amber, a
Tt
brity in It
arpii
):
when. p
ow
lea% Uwe 1
K their el
•
" Deal Cs
UI" Cs,*
s fawns
011 SO
*ld kW I
y to r
•
Is
,Tlie Pt
Maris( di
ram*
wino ow

eler—reste
&L
*slaw!
side, ON
mul' so
Imala 011
