GERMAN PAPERS.

SIATRItA, JUNE 24.
(From Ibe Oriental Spectator of Jure 38.]

In the night of the lath, or rather at half-past
one in the morning of the I9th, the sky towards the
S.S.W. appeared for forty minutes to be on fire,
from which it was inferred that some unfortunate
event had takeu place off Sc!cr. which lay in that
direction. On Wednesday; evening the Bairam
began. On Thursday the Turks came to our
quarters, said the days passed over in such perfect
tranquillity, that the Greeks, encouraged by the
peaceable behaviour of the Munelinen at the end,
also left their houses, and went about every where
uninterrupted and without meeting with the
slightest affront. In the evening all returned home
easy and-contented, and congratulated each other
en the admirable order which had prevailed during
this firat day of the Bairam. when, all at once, a
report was spread, that the Turkish High Admiral
had lost his life, and his ship was burnt by the
Greeks. Our Pacha had received this news
by four different couriers, and made it known.
A general panic ensued; people asked, "Is it only
one ship of the line that has been blown up?
What impierrion will such a tragical event make
on the Turks under present circumstances? What
will become of the Greeks ?" In the Tut kith quar-
ter all was still—all buried iu profound sleep—but
in the neighbouring quartets of the Franks terror,
tumult, and confusion prevailed. At eleven o'clock
at night a "'Anentl flight commenced, and still con-
tinued at dry-bresk. Men; Wornen, children, and
baggage fitted the streets leading towards the sea
shore, and all fled in confusion to the houses on the
strand, befdre which twelve European a hips of war
were at anchor. At half-past four o'clock in the
morning envy& of fugitives still continued to !tour
through the streets of the Franks. We now saw
the Commander of the guard, an old man with a
large white' beard, advance quite alone to meet
them, and conjure them in a loud voice to turn
back, and not to give way to unworthy fears. His
exhortations were not in vain: about nine o'clock
all the streets were empty, the Greeks had gone
back to their houses, and the Franks, who had
staid at home, had not been a moment molested.
Friday passed over in the same quiet mariner. The
Turks did no harm to any body ; some of them
even affected a kind of cheerfulness; many of them
went quite unarmed, and we heard more than one
say, " If our Admiral is blown up what does it
matter ? It was God's will. We are at war with
the Greeks+it is natural that they seek to do us ell
the injury is their power. Does then the fate of an
empire depend on the loss of a ship of the line?
In the room of the one we will build ten new ones."

Friday is well known to be a day consecrated by
the Musselinen to prayer, on which account they
had assembled at noon in the mosque.. Iu the
principal morgue the !man mounted the pulpit,
and took the burning of the Admiral's ship for the
subject of his discourse. Ile painted in gloomy.
colours all the horrors committed at Scio ; the shed-
ding of innocent blood ; the wanton burning and de-
struction of the city and the villages; the innocent
women sod children cruelly relied, and then
carried into slavery. God, lie said, incensed at
these enormities, had hailed down from heaven the
avenging tire, &c. The Turks from•whom w•e have
learned this fact, and who were themselves present
at this severe lecture, assured us that it had made
• profound impression on all who had heard it. On
Friday evening the Greeks again appeared in the
streets without any apprehension, and on Saturday,
the third day of the &limn, they filled all the
streets as in the quietest and happiest times ; all
the shops were open by superior command, and
never was the police more strict than during
these days.
At the desire of his Excellency the Paella, the
Consuls or the different nations have waited on
him. His Excellency could not refrain from
expressing his displeasure ut the disorder
which had prevailed in the lower town in the eight
of %Vedittsday. adding, that the panic which had
seized the majority was very unjust at a moment
when such good order prevailed, and every possible
precaution was taken to maintaio it.
All this is very true; but how are the people
to be induced on certain occasions to listen to argu-
meats ? The remembrance of the past must by
some miracle be first erased Irons their minds.
Some movements which the ships of war stationed
in our port thought it necessary to make, have i❑
like manner caused an alarm in the Tut kirh
quarters among the women, who were not to be
pacified, but thought it advisable to fly with their
children to the mountains.
MOLDAVIA AND WALI.ACHIA.

By the latest accounts from Bucharest, we learn
that official notice has been received there of the
•ppointanrnt of a Hospodar of Wallachia, in the
person of Gregarious Chiika. one of the Wallachian
Boyars among the Deputies at ennstentinople
The same accounts say, ih:it a similar appointment
has been made for Moldavia, and announced by
Firma' of the Sultan, but the name of the Huse
podar for Moldavia was not yet known at Bucharest.
—(Austrian Obse►ve►, ./511 3 I.)
BUCHAREST, JULY 19.
_ _

An official account of this date gives the details
of the appointment of the new Hoppodar, and also
of new Ceimac.aos, till the arrival of the Prince.
These latter ere Ban Barbul Wakaresko and
Michael Philippesco, to whom the Prince ha add.
ed, as joint Csitnscan, Starlit Michalesko, why is
•

LONDON,.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 13, 1821.

THE DEATH OF THE MARQUIS OF
LON DON DERRY.

We are not apprehensive of being charged with
insincerity when we affirm that it is with deep and
unfeigned regret we have this dey to announce the
death of the Marquis of LONDONDERRY. There
are circumstances and feelings which we trust can
exercise a kindly influence over society beyond the
feverish and troubled circle of politics, and the
world may join in lamenting over the death of •
good man, without anxiously /canning his merits
n a Statesman and a Minister.

The death of the Marquis of LONDONDERRY
was almost sudden. his Lordship had attended
upon the KING on Saturday last at Greenwich in
his usual good health and spirits, hut on the even-
ing of Saturday and through the following day he
complained of indisposition, and hy• the advice of
his medical attendants underwent the operation of
cupping. No danger, as we understand, was then
apprehended by his family or his physicians, but
unhappily in the course of Sunday night or the
morning of yesterday, his illness suddenly assumed
au alarming character, and almost on the instant
became fatal. The immediate cause of his death
is variously ascribed to apoplexy, and to an attack
of the gout in his stomach.

. -
It happened that Mr. Vicu. a State Messenger,
had been in attemfauce .upon the Noble Marquis
00 Sunday, and was detained at North Cray in
consequence of his Lordship's illness. This gen-
tleman, immediately npon ascertaining the sad
eYent, returned with all haste to London, and con.-
veyed his intelligence to the Foreign Office, where
he arrived about one o'clock yesterday. The
news thence quickly transpired,and excited through-
out every part of the metropolis a deep ant. unxinus
interest. The public offices, in particular,. dia.
played a troubled feeling approaching to 1144;
and the funds experienced an instant depresairst c
about a half per cent.
Dispatches were instantly sent off' to his MA-
JESTY, to the Lord Lieutenant of IRELAND, and
to such of the Cabinet Ministers as were not in
town, apprising them of the melancholy event.
The KING, we are convinced, will sincerely lament
the sudden death of a Minister for whom his MA-
JESTY ass generally believed to have entertained a
high respect, and we cannot doubt that the event
will, in no slight degree, diminish the feeling of
enjoyment which his MAJESTY had else received
from his visit to the Scottish capital. It is a mutter
for serious reflection to consider that the Noble
Marquis had, on the g h of August last year, corn.
municated the intelligence of the late QUEEN'S
death to the KING, at Holyhead, when his MA-
JESTY. was occupied in his journey to Ireland. tier
MAJESTY'S death cast a gloom over her Royal
Consort's journey to Ireland, and the melancholy
event to which we now refer will uo less irnbitter
the pleasures of the KING'S excursion into Scot-
land.

A Cabinet Council was summoned to meet yes-
terday, and Lord CLAN WILLI Am, one of the Under-
Secretaries of State fur the Foreign Department,
kit town at an eat ly hour for North Cray.
The Noble Marquis was the eldest son of the
Tate Marquis of LONDONDERRY, to whose estates
and title he succeeded !as• yule. His mother was
SARAH FRANCF.9, (laughter of the late Marquis of
HERTFORD. He was burn June 18, 1769, and was
consequently at the time of his death 53 years of
age. ills political career began at an early age, fur
we find him, soon after he had attained the age of
manhood, distinguished in the Parliament of Ire-
land as an active and intelligent Member, con.
spicuous as the partisan of the Chancellor, Lord
Ch.ARE, and the ostensible manager of the pro-
jected Union between the Legislatures of the two
islands. His style of parliamentary speaking was
then, as it has since uniformly continued, laboured
and verbose; but he frosorased in • high degree
firmness and consistency of character, so that he
seldom failed, by perseverance sod energy, to
accomplish the purposes of his fixed resolution.
The Union of the British and filth Pothoments

Was his Aril great political achievement. Whatever
degree of moral guilt may attach to his character,
from the means which he employed in accomplish-
ing that purpose, the praise of activity, energy,
perseverance, and even of physical cou►age, must
unreservedly accompany the successful result of hia
exertions. To assert, indeed, that Lord CASTLE.
REAGH, in purchasing the consent of the Irish Par-
figment to its own dissolution, had corrupted the
purity of the L-gi.lature of Ireland, would be id
assume the existence of this attribute in the corrupt
assemblies which were dignified by that name; hut
degraded as those assemblies were, they had yet so
far obeyed the impulse of the public voice as to
give a momentary freedom to their country, and the
history of the Parliament even of England, in the
days which witnessed the murders of the Russit.t.t
and the SYDNEYS, and the rapid expulsion of the
STU•RTS, ought to guard nations against the pos-
sibility of despairing for their eventual prosperity.
It cannot he denied that the Union must contribute
to the general force of the empire, by removing
many obvious causes of occasional diversities be-
tween countries merely federal; hut it is equally
certain, that from the moment in which the volun-
teers first sprang into life, until the hour of the dim-
lotion of the independent Parliament or...lreland, that
country had bounded forward in the course of im-
provement with a pace more rapid than had ever bech
experienced of airy other nation or people in the
world, and that since the Union she has 'fallen back
into the old crooked path of party government, of
prejudices and party influences, of county jobs end
Castle patronage. The proud hopes and honest
ambition of Ireland were all blighted by the Unior,
and for those bright prospects of national improve-
ment, which might have been fairly justilied by a
view of the past, Ireland has now to contemplate
the comforts of provincial protection—a pauper
population with the alms of charity for their Pup-
port, and an Insurrection Act for their suppression
or security. Lord C•STLEaEICH placed himself,
for the moment, iu the seat of empire, and he sacri-
ficed the peculiar interests or his own country to
promote what he believed to be the general pros•
per ity.

Few• tnen have occupied a larger share of public
attention than the Marquis of LONDONDERRY, and
few have pursued • political career more brilliant
in its couise, or in its results individually more for-
tunate. His talents seemed to have been happily
formed for active life, and from whatever cauKe
arising, his Nine brightened and extended in pro-
portion as the sphere of his exertions became
more enlarged and more conspicuous. As the
Representative of the British Empire in the
Coupe's of Kings, he yielded to noise in those
external attributes and forms which attract the eye
and ratify the mind of the million, His figure
and countenance were manly, ingenuous, and dig.
itified, and his manners were peculiar!), Liking**.
His address was easy and appareolly unreserved,
but it was said of bins that he possessed in
a peculiar degree, that talent that belongs, we
hope exclusively; to the habits of diplomacy ; of
dissembling the actual object of his wishes. We
shall not embark stow into the va,t se• of the di-
versities of opinion which prevailed after the close
of the Congress of Vienne, nor shall we at this
moment reproach his memory with the sacrifice of
Poland, of Saxony, and of Genoa, nor upbraid him
with • criminal negleCt of the commercial interests
of his own country.

Of his political sentiments, whethe► in foreign or
domestic matters, it has been our ill fortune sel-
dom to approve. He was unhappily governed by
other views than a reverence for general freedom,
and his notions of political excellence rested upon
the authority of Kings far more than upon the
liberty of the people. He dreaded the excitement
of popular commotion; and this moral timidity be-
came the basis of his policy, and Inc.' him to
form mud avow .opinions no less hostile to every
principle of public advancement throughout Eu-
rope in general, than they were especially at mi.
once with the ls,st and most cherished doctrines at
our own Constitution.

His Lordship, though a Peer of Ireland, continued
after hit accession to the title of his father to hold a
seat iu the House of Coluinuns, where he repte•
sented ■n English borough. The urgent neerssi-
ties of the Ministry required this sacrifice from the
Noble Marquis; for it would be difficult to find
another person so eminently qualified as he was for
a leader of the business in the I-louse of Cronneir s.
This statement must appear remarkable to !Lose
who have heard that the Noble Marquis was cot
distinguished for the style, the manner, or the ex-
pression of his parliainentai y oratory. Ile was
copious without distinctness, his ideas sere no
always well digested or well arringed, his won!'
were frequently ill-selected, arid he was sometime•
rot intelligible where he secined most anxious to be
communicative. This might have been the habit
of his mind, or it might have been policy, but
whatever momentary impulse such a defect might
have occasioned, it seemed to have detracted eery
little from his efficiency as a parliamentary hrder.
He was in this clarecter uniformly actiee and ready,
he never suffered a weak point iii his oppo-
nents to escape observation, and he was singularly
dexterous in urging all the strength of his own case.
To these qualities he added those of an imperturb-
able temper, 'Aid' bade defiance to ridicule or
taunts, and a cool manifestation of M determiuid

which noble dist brook tte Semblance of an
'atilt. He was well known to poems a high sense
of honour, apd unshaken personal cosine. •Itich
were the more esteemed by all parties," be never
condescended to unnecessary ostentation.

It is highly gratifying to us to conclude these
few remarks upon this eminent Statesman, by
riming from the topics of public life, to view him
in the relations of private society. In this point all
parties, oo matter of what political character, have
concurred in giving him the most undivided sp.
P• A. a ion, it must be said othim, that he
consoled and brightened the declining days of his
aged [wept, 'lto blessed him with hip latest health;
ars a husband and a brother, his conduct has been
'equally exemplary; and as a master, to was loved
sad honoured by his domestic,. In the intercourse
of hiendly society he was admired and elneeated
for his amiable qualities; and there le not one who
ever hint the •honour and the pleasure of his se-
quaiatartie, who will not sincerely regret hiasudden
aid melancholy death.
His Lordship was edue.rated.et Armagh, under
the tuition of Archdeacon Home*, and iu 1786
was entered of St. John's 'College, Cambridge.
lu 1789, he was elected a representative in the
Parliament of Ireland for the county of Down ;
and during the Vice-hoyalty of Eatl CANDis,
was appointed Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieu-
tenunt, which situation hc'retained under his sue-
cenor. His Lordship was also, at the same time,
a Lord of the Treasury, Keeper of the Signet and
Privy Seal, a Privy Counsellor of Ireland, • and
Colonel of the Londonderry militia.
Having beta returned to the Imperial Parliament,
his Lordship was appointed President of the-Board
of Control and nominated a Prity Counsellor Of
Great Britsio. 1805 he was appointed War
Minister„-Which he resigned in 1806, and again re-
sumed its 1807. His Lordship was, at the time of
his death, Secretary of State ler the Foreign De.
pertmtnt. In December, 1813, in consequence
of the revolution that took place iu Holland, his
Lordship set out fur that country, on his way to
join the Powers in 'alliance against France, with
the character of Plenipotentiary Extraordinary, and
with full powers to treat for a general peace. The
conferences on this subject ended unsuccessfully on
March 18, Ibl4, and on March 3t were rendered
unnecessary, as f.r as respected BoNAirAan,, by
the entty of the Allies into Pori., and the subse-
quent revolution, Which restored the legitimate
Sovereign, Louts • XVIII. to the throne of his
ancestor,.

lo 1794 his Lordship married ADIEU, youngest
daughter and coheiress of JoHN, second Earl of
13bcsteOttAUSHIRS, the present Marchioness.
His Lord.hip dying without. issue, is succeeded in
his titles and estates by' his half-brother, CHAILEA
WILLIAN.LOId STEWART, Ambassador' to the
Court of Vienna, son of Roam, the first Marquis
at LONDONDERRY, by his second wife, Lady
TgaRCIN PNATT, tieter of the present Mitrquis of
Ctlmaitit.
Hie 'Lordship having been the key-stone of the
arch of the present Ministry, it must fall to piece;
unless a substitute be provided. Bat, in the lack
of talent which distinguishes his party, where can
a competent spliftitute be found ? The public
mind Ives yeakiday directed to Mr. CANNING.
That Right Honourable Gentleman, we under-
stand, is not...very much in love with his Indian
appointment, and may possibly be induced to
resignit.for the ourcessinn to the office of Foreign
Affairs, a post which he once filled, and is now be-
came remit by the death of his more successful

Yesterday Mr. flonnouse, the Under-Secretiry
of State for the Home Department, sent off dis-
patches by Mr. WALTERS. the messenger, to the
Km and Mr. Pert, in Scotland; dispatches were
sho sent to Eail 134TIIURST. at his seat at Oakley
Grove, in Gloucestershire, and several other official
gentlemen.

Yesterday morning, between seven and eight
o'clock, Mr. Tuomsow, one of the Kinta's private
messengers, arrived in town with letters from the
Kix°. &c. dated on board the royal yacht, four
o'clock on Sunday afternoon, nearly off Yarmouth.

The Paris Papers up to Saturday have arrived.
Their conleots are not important. The nears from
31adrid is not so late as that in theSpunish Papers.

Funds on Thumlay.—Five per Cents. 93 f. 10 c. ; Bank
Actions, 1,020 f.—Nespolltan Stork, 731.—Exeltenge on
lnadon, one month, 25 f. 40 e. ; three ditto, 25 f. 25e.

We have received Brussels Papers to the 10th
taunt. The following are extracts :

IIIUSSILS, AUGUST 8.

We learn from the frontiers of France that the
z‘vidry of the French army is going to be aug-
mented by a squadron to every regiment, the orga-
insmion of which is going to be completed with all
Possible celerity. Considerable purchases of horses
f.r this purpose have already been made.
In Consequence of the augmentation which is
taking place in the troops of all arms of the French
army, the regiment of artillery on foot in garrison
at Douai, is going to receive 198 men, and that
of horse artillery, likewise at Douai, 165 men.
His Royal Nighties' the Prince of Denmatk,
after having visited Amsterdam, is at present at,the
boo, one visit la their Majesties.
The Prince Royal of Sweden arrived in this city

gn the yth ; he is at the Motel de 8410 tit lot k
Queen of Sweden his mother.

We learn from the Hague that several of the IN-
;Julies from .the Southern Provinces to the lloet►ttd
Chamber of the States General have quitted that
town to return to their homes, the Session being
nearly terminated.
A merchant of thip City has received a letter from
Barcelona, dated July 27. The following para-
graph, which we have been allowed to extract from
it, is consolatory to merchants mod to the friends of
humanity :

"'llse other day we had an slams respecting Um *kb of
this city ; but yeaSerday eveuing 1 received ab qpiol wake
from our Board of Health, slating, that the paisitisla said
lo be afflicted pith the yellow fever has somber disorder,
without as smallest symptom, of the heir."

The Oriental Specta►or of the nth June con-
firms' the news of the surrender .of the citadel of
Athens to the Greeks, by capitulation..

The Dublin Evening Putt, referring to an ac-
count of the state of the harvest generally in Ireland,
says, " It is such as cannot, we think, be read
without a feeling of gratitude to that gopd Papvi
DaNci io whom we live, and breathe, ■nd have our
being. It dissipates all apprehensions of dearth—
the wilJeruess is passed, and the poor of Ireland
are oaths threshold of that abundant relief, which,
sooner or Nature supplies to all her children.
Dyeing the period of our suffering we have been
.relieved sad sustained by the people of England.
Ma should never, aad shall never, while the press
of Ireland exists, be forgotten. But it is not by
the press alone—the feeling will be propagated and
prolonged from the pulpit and the altar. We sub-
join an instance—namely, the Circalar Letter of
Doctor O'SHAUGHNESSY, the Roman Catholic
Bishop of Elfish).., to the Priests of his diocese.
We would pity the man who would atop to criticise
the simple and unpretending language of the ve-
nerable Prelate, while reading the following pious
and grateful effusion :

" DIA& Sta.—Yon will mention from year altar, on
Sunday seat, that Dr. O'Sbaugbiressy, R. C. Bishop of Kil-
!sloe, requests that the Pastors of the distressed districts of
said diocese should, at their respective chapels, excite their
Socks to unite with the Clergy is expressing their heartfelt
sad everlasting gratitude for the noexampled, necessary,
and timely relief administered to them, Through the paternal
in/Weser of our beloved Sovereign, by the hied gearrosity of
the Government, and by the numerous donations of our be-
nefactors in Ireland ; but above all, by our truly charitable
Protestant benefactors and fellow-subjects is 'England.
This work of mercy originated with our generous and
tonspssairmite friends in England, by whose seal and piety
immosse sums poured in on the London T Consitittes
' sinifitiageopent, by whose anxiety for oar relief all posit.
eneadrwere adopted.—Cbority Sermon,, Benefits of Ballo,
and Theattesarid barium kind all other forewarn, colko-
tious from door Sr door were resorted to, with considerable
success.

" lu the history of Ihe Weirlffis there to be found au
sham if such besestaleint feelings as are sow manifested?
cud by whom?—by the illustrious Euglish Protestants, is
favour of tbedesaluis Romeo Catholics of Ireland.
" As theapprehmitiion of famine must be sees done away,
by the prospect of au atm/dant harvest, this same great
metiers Miami's' its thoughts towards a supply of night and
.day covering, fur men, worse., and children, of our half.
asked peasantry.
"Heavenly God! can those wretched poor people ever for.
get such kindness.—(Here let the congregation kneel down.)
—Therefore, with our heart sad our voice, let us offer our
fervent prayer to tl.e Throne of the Detest God, humbly
and earsestlyiseseeching him, that every spiritual sad tem-
poral happiness and prosperity may be the reward of this
■nbeard.of munificence, in favour of the destitute popish.
lion of our unfortunate country.
" August 3, 1834."

We understand that several elpesmpuents of
troops will take place in several awls of this county
during the ensuing winter, is order to check arty
disposition towards. iesuberdisaties,.sad .to protect
the peaceable,. indust►ious, and loyal. Otto of
these encampments was formed last week, by about
one hundred of the
.22d regiment, joiped vritb
four of the horse, police, at Xilloeullim,bridge,
between Castletownroche and Mallow. They
have erected tents, ■nd the. quarters of the
officers and police are thatched. Arrangements are
making to form similar stations at other places to
the north and west, so as to keep up a communi-
cation, and to be enabled to support and assist each
other, should occasion require it ; but we trust the
peasantry are sufficiently impressed already with
the folly and danger of allowing themselves to be
seduced, by either the thews or promises of the
desperate and profligate, who may wish to revive
the dreadful and appalling scenes of the last winter.
—(Cork Mercantile Chronicle.)

It was Mr. Vint, the KlNe's messenger, who
brought the confirmation of the melancholy tidings
of the decease of the Marquis of LONDONDERRY.
The messenger arrived in town betsieen twelve sod
one o'clock, having travelled.viith the greatesispeed
possible in aehaise and four. It is impossible to
describe the consternation which prevailed at all the
public offices at this sudderi. awful, and distressing
event. The LORD CHANCELLOR mud the Earl of
(AveiroOr. were the only two Cabinet Ministers
iu town : the latter came from Coombe Wood.

The Earl of 1-1A11110%98Y. the Duke of Wit,
LINGTON, and Lmtl MaisTanaonott, are out.of
England, haring left for the Netherlands.

The Marquis of LONDONDERRY'S house, in St.
James's.aquare, was yesterday assailed by numerous
visitors attracted by the report of his death. Its
•ppesrsuce, it was closely shut up, was sufficient
to supersede the necessity of inquiry. A groupe
of people was collected:lp frApt pf the !loafs during
the whole of the day. •

.lIM
.11.-

~-
