4' -

NUMBER 5900.

LON ,

R 1, 1821.

•


T F.7.ITRR-RVIA PRI! N lt.
THIS EVENING, THURSDAY., Not.
his Majesty's &walahs will perform:o2d time) a new
Dramatic Piece, in three acts. called
GERALD( DUVAL,
THE BANDIT OF BOHEMIA.
Gentili Devitt, Mr. Cooper ; Cereal Ahre.leerg, Mr. Bar.
end ; Alatorire. Mr. Meredith; Wiuihia, Mr Kates,; Km-
nil:, Mr. Randall; Sieraiolf, Mr. Smith. Etheliad,Gswadeas
▪ Altenberg, Miss Smithson; Nina, Miss Cahill ; Nimsette,
Mrs. Bland; Barbara, Mrs. Egerton.
After which
THE CORONATION.
the Procession commeoceo from Westminster
The. Second Scene, the Interior of the Abbey.—The Third,
sod lotroduclory 5c..., in which Mr. Kukla will illirodere
a new Comic Sung, entitled, " The keg nod the Corms' ion,
Old Bathed and the Peripte."—Thel'uorth Stew, the Mall,
In the atom of which the Grand Entre of the Chwmpion.
To conclude with (ISA time) • OM Fsece•o6l6.
MOKUSVIR TOMOS.
vib• Prineipal Closenelees by Messrs. Owner, Barnard,
Pooh, Cattle, W. H. lifilliante, Meredith, Tilting, Mrs.
Knight, Miss Smithson, aad Mrs. Bland. •
The Doir to be opened at Mu o'Clock, and the Per-
formasees t begin at Seven.
Bones, 7..; Second Price. 3.. 64.—Pit, 3s. Od• ; Second
Priest, In...—alkwy, Is.; Second Price, I..—Upper Got-
ha", la.; Second Price, 6d.
On hitneloy, the Comedy of Folly as it Flies : Peter Post
Obit, Mr. Naiades.
Ow Monday, a new Mossiest Comedy, in two sets, called
Maid we Wife? or, The Deceiver Deceived.

•
MIDHURST SCHOOL.
TUE SUBSCRIBERS are respectfully iu.
fumed, that the New ftsdrigig, alilissigh in a Make
of great forwardness, is ye no sufficiently completed to he
opened at HO. advanced sesaon of the year, by • public
tweaking, which is tlw.rf.,rr deferred to the mastoid period.
The Committee, highly 'notified try the greet spirit wheel.
has Mao so greerelty irymceol in promoting the above Arai!.
able "diem, ism a otessere in announcing their cenfiderice
that the niosiosit of the Sulemeripilea, although at prewnif be;
low the estimate, will eventually be adequate, to the ex-
penditure. CHARLES A LCOCK, Secretary.
Sobacriptiowe' are received by the Rev. Dr. Bay)., Head
who is appointed Treasurer; or by hie itiakera,
ffimisre. mil Cu. Birchie.terte, Laindoo.•' Alcamo.
Herter and Co. retiersield ; or Messrs. Ridge and Cu.
TONIITIES Or Ina lIICOOOL
Bight Hon. the Earl of Jesus Sargent,
Egremont W. S. Payster, E.g.
Wilßaw MW(..* Seam' Taryford, Esq.
4:01111Or7Ti0 Or lIVORCILIDErns:
Henry Charles R!aise, Esq Rey. W. Norris
Hmhir Captor; E.g. Thos. HeaihroteTragitt, Esq.
Rev. Henry Jeukias Samuel Twyford, jou. Beg.
Moldova Gate, Esq. Rue. John Coles
Charles LH,. trq. I Roe. Dr. Bayly
R. T. Lancaster, Elm. Rev. amities Aleut*.
SUBSCRIBER',
BSCR I BER 44
Alcork, Rev. Charles, New College, Oxford
Arncii, Rev. Samar), Eambourne
Arnett, amales. Itlidlitirst School

none of the (policing soil dread which some felt, lest
infidelity should overthrow the religion 4.1 Ch -
fenthnn. tie had no such estimation for the
deehmtations of French philosophy. As well might
a confederacy of owls and hats expect to extinguish
the light of the sari. lie had more dread of reli-
gious bigotry—thst uptts tree of the moral world►
which fostered an infinitude of mischief tinder its
pestilent influence. Still he had no feed as to the
result. As a great orator had said of the power of
the prem. in establiishing national reeedout, so he
would venture on the nine of • similar mrsqmle
with bigotry. Let the minors& be darkened as 4ey

Sheriff Vex *SLIM was glad at being allowed
MI opportunity to support the objects of the So-
tiety. The stream of eloquence which they had
just heard bad horne away all their topics, nod
little was left Inui except en reverence of cordial
essoperation. There was one point which hr con-
sidered to be of vital importance. The feeling as
to the necessity of education, and the best means
er d i flu •i o g it amoug the lower classe, was general :
be thought that the objects of this Society were
peculiarly connected with that subject. It rust
be highly desirable, when the educittion was given,
to insure a good use of it by inculcatiug au inti-
mate knowledge of the Scriptures.
The Rev. Dr. Taoism: expatiated on the nature
and objects of the Society. and defended it with
some very expert logic from several imputations
which had been thrown on it, especially that of its
conducing to the overthrow of Church and Stale,
which he considered to be the most extraordinary,
inasmuch as they were in the constant habit of in-
viting and receiving the attendance of Ministers of
State on these occasions. He concluded by de-
scribing the treat increase in the transactions of
the Society, and strongly recommendiug the objects
of it to the farther patronage of the useosing.
Sir C. S. HUNTER congratulated the meeting es
the fulness and respectability of it, es also on the
attendance of the Lord Mayor, and himself. on
hairiag been is the Chair as Chief Magistrate at the
time of its ismnitutioia. He had before that only
teed the Bible as • scheel-boy ; mince then he had
Mit it mere ~needy. and had never quitted it
since. and be now felt that it would be a source of
comfort and coneolatioo to him to the rod of Ins.
We.
iikimessee mows, felicitated the country on
Oaring mem& the object of its chastises from
the evtabliehuseut of hospitals and alms-houses
(pima sefeseie(r to the wants and diseases " which
flesh is heir Lk" and connected ouly with man's
inferior aster') to the diffusion of religions
knowledge, sud breaking the chains of heathen-
ism
and bigotry—mote to he deplored than the
yoke of slavery, from which enlightened and humane
senators bed sought to relrese the African negro. In
reply to the prejudices which had been set up against
the Society at having object■ inimical to the State
and the Hierarchy. he quoted that part of the ritual
of the King's Coronation, wherein the Archbishop
presented him with a Bible as the best good which
this world afforded, and tie only. tnerns of making
him really wise unto salvation.
The Rev. T. MORTIMER, of St. Olive's, South-
wark, considered the !present meeting to be one of
unusual interest. Looking abroad upon public
events, their uncertainty formed • consideration of
awful importance. He thought it plainly to be in-
ferred, especially from Greece and Turkey, that
the world was upon the eve of • great crisis, and
that a way, "a highway," was preparing for the'ad-
vanceme•t of the religion of Jeans. He remarked
upon the immense advantages of power and know-
ledge enjoyed by the British kingdoms, mid espe-
cially upon that I►ower which they possessed from
their empire in the East and West, of becoming
chiefly instrumental in the promulgation of the
.Gos-
pel toe!! nutionr, kindred'', and tongues. He con-
gratulated them on having outlived the malignant
heireda of religions coutrove►•y, end being enabled,
notwithstanding their faithful sittachment to sepa-
rate religious 'principles, to unite in the spirit of
Christianity ou behalf of this labour of love towards
their fellow-creatures, He wished to relate a sim-
ple anecdote connected with the objects of die So-
ciety, which had come to his knowledge. A poor
woman in the country earned 6rl. per week. besides
her cottage room, clothes. and vosteinince, by keep.
ing the porter's lodge. In a month she had saved
up Is. 3d., which she gave to time collector of the
Society toward■ a Bible and Testament. He made
up the remainder, and then asked her how she had
contrived to save so much money out of such small
resources. She replied that it was through going
without her tea. which had lost all its sweetness
instil she got Ito:session of her Bible and Testa-
ment.

t

TIIRATRICROVAL, COVIINTGARDRY.
THIS EVENINt; THURSDAY, Nov. I,
wiS be performed, in fuer aria, the Opera of
THE EXILE.
Count Ulrich (the Exile), Mr Egerton; Governor of !S-
-kein, Mr. W. threes ; Baru. Alltradoff, Mr. Liston ; Count
Calmar. Mr. aresset;•Daran, Mr. boring; Wehrle's, Mr.
Cosner; Semits, Mr. Faneett. The Eimer.' Plasairetli,
Mrs. lentil; Ratbarim, Mrs. Tamest ; Alexis., Miss
Foote.
The Grua IPoblie Ratty of the Empress Elirsheth, aB4
the MAW* of the Cathedral of Moscow, is whirl, the
CORONATION of ELIZABETH is performed by the
Grassi Petrismh, sad Ms assisting Dignitaries.
Te whieh will be added thavillissical Farce of
BROTH ER AN I) SISTER.
Don Cheistenal de Tornim Mr. Fawcett; Dos Salvia) ale
Pb..,, Mr. Derelict; Pacheco, Mr. Liston; Ileriolo, Mr.
Eleuthera. Deems Isidota, Sias Hallasde; Resistive, Miss
Lore; Agatha, Mn. Listen,.
A Private Box miny be hal for the semen, er nightly, of
Mr. Window, at the Box.office.
Belies, Is.; Secood Price, 31.64.—Pit, 3*. 1114. ; Second
Price, 211.+Gallery, Is.; Second Price, lc—Upper Gal-
lery, Is.; Second Prite, 6.1.
The Drones will be emesed at Half. past Six o'Cloek, and
the Play begin at Seven.
Places for Ilse Beses to be token of Mr. Brandon, at the
Darl-street,frens Ten till Foam
To-areseow, The Elite, with the Farce of X. Y. Z.
On Wednesday, a mar Farce, called The Retired Fieh.
monger, or A Overt Cut iu Brighter'. ..
NRN VII RATH E-ROVA L, 114 Ylf A lIK 1,7 T.
The 1.355 Night bat One of she Company's Performing this
• Ses•on.
ErIIIS EVENING. THURSDAY, Nov. 1,
will he performed
THE BEGGAR'S OPERA.
Prarhern, Mr. Teary; LaCkil, Mr. William.; Capt. Mac-
heath by a mug Lady (her NCI appearance on Ibis ;
Filet. Ilr.Maniumud. Mrs. Pest-hunt, Mrs. Prime; Pavi4,
Miss R. Corti; Lucy, Mr*. Jones.
Previous to which, 34th time. a new Cowie Piece, is one set,
called
MATCH-MAKING.
The Principal Characters h% Messrs. Baker, °sherry, De.
nos p, Terry, and Mrs. Chaste' Icy.
To emicluile with the Farr,. of
FORTUNE'S FROLIC.

Robin Rnegillbrad, Mr. lftberry ; Smirks, Mr. William, ;
Rank, Mr. Raker. Mos Mosey. Altar Smith ; Slargrry,

J Mrs. Pearce; Dolly, Mr.. Baker.
i A hantivome Saloon hav been added, and it iv respeetfolly
hoped that iii every particular th• New TlO.Alre will be
found worthy lbe approbation and patiustage of a British
I PeMir.
Lour. to be opened at Half past Six ti Clock—the Play to
begin at Soren.
Beare, ba.—pi,, U.—Pint Gallery, 26.—Secouil Gal-
lery, Is.
i Maros for the Boxes to be taken of Mr. blassiughans, al
the Theatre.
N.B.—Private Foxes may be bed nightly, by application
at the Bux-uifive.
Twasorrovr, The Beggar's Opera—Matell•nteking--and A
Roland (Jr an Olivet.

hUPERIOR OLD WHERRY TWELVE MONTHS IN
BOTTLE.
ASMALL Parry, of the above WINE, wor-
thy the alienliew of any Oroammo its want or
'lO BE DISPOA ED OF, at the annlerate Price of
avatit.
Sunple.ntsy he had of Wiikinaon and Hatnikna. Wine-

...ye'', 99, PaII m:111; or Jsslyd at illesz CAliarr, 20, Dean-
street, Where may also be tattle., Plume C... Cape
Madeira at 941. and Purl tvf the highest glialtt%, Viutatet
IN!?, hes years is buitle, at per dns.•n.

rrtlE NF:IT of KIN fir sm) of %V 1t..1.1A
/F
DirKsoN, otherwme DIXON: we of the Merrhani
S!,ip. Lies, &rimmed, by applying to Mr. Owen, 3,
It, II %sod, Dortorni Curnineas, way Lear of something So
14, II Advasiage.

THE FN. Is of KIN (daisy) of (71-11{ IST I N
HAN( K, lot" bylooKung to Ihr Ikerrekaoi••!sip r%rti.,
•I•erased, •pplyinn to. Mr. Owen, No.. 3, PM yan.
Dot-tuts' Cusurwass, may brat of sews thetas to Hull ad-
wattin;.e,

The Hon. and Res. 6. T. Non. said, circum-
stances made it highly Inconvenient to him to
accept the office which had been offered to him.
He felt that it was honour enough for him to be
connected with the Society in any way—..al the poet
had expressed himself satirfied with the bowit of
being of the same country with the great names
he celebrated—

ItICI-1 WHEEL.—ALL MOA F.Y PRIZES.
2 of
3 f a lOW
2 2:2,01t0
9
4
Ike ate.
Aud a furl proportion of Smaller Provo. Mob Mt
N tor 'lllO BLANKS TO A Pi. !
(4,5110 lii.kort4 were drew u the Flint Day, sr Ay.," ;4 the
Mate or the ltherl for the SIt'OND Di‘Y, NovEu-
ilEtt 20, wheu the First-drawn Pr.re rill se crier. t.lit,ltUlt
MOON !!!
TlCliel% awe Shares, warranted 'indrawn, me saline It
HAZARD red Co. Ilk trowleactor.i. tit thew oh, tres.l.lo•lierl
burl few user, Offices; 113, Roy.' Exl tierige VG, Cenobite ;
.0413141. 4/itAwrl weer ; where glo.r I ...Id. to the Le-t Let
0.0- 159702. o Y 21.0111, !-640:4 gIbANW/ !...1111.1 A ILL
the 2:30"41 :u r wta..r Lulu. p.

" That Chatham's language was his mother tongue,
Awl Wolf's great name compatriot with lais'own."
He proceeded to combat the arguments laud pre-
judices which had been raised against the Society,
and justified the diffusion of• Scriptural knowledge.
which was his main object: He appealed to the
testimony of Or. Watts. and the dying words of
that great scholar Belden, to slice in what estima.
non the treasures of that knowledge had been held.
He described the etFirts which had been made
in Europe for that purpose by this Society, and
those connected with it. rind particularized the sera
awes which through its influence originally had been
done by Leander Vast En, who, together wN6 the
agent of the Society, and a pious Catholic priest to

- - -
ar _, I
L
, , I • icy
itt• cent.
-. • ,
..„-....
/.......7
..
~/....,-,..„.......
...., .
-2-96 . . ' •
.., . . . ..
. . .. ° . . . .
•
- 1 ..1 ••414:,• "',V" At
• 11.11‘ 'l° ... .. , .
Z.- •
•••• 1 r .1......-ontp.• ! .-1
. .
,•• I,
.44 'A
, I'•,..ti, ,4
- -1-40.1:. •-it '-' • ? - ;1. ':-4:-- -.. . ' . . 1.1
, . . . • .
4 Al ‘.. ' • • • --04 : -<4.2,,
..••••• i. .„..
04 Wr t4)`, 7•-
• .-- t . .. • •
- '.. ' J• 01 • . er
4.. - - - _ . ,iv • - --, "N ..-'1 ,: . ','' • '•
A.. -.., % , 4!.....P! . • ... • ' ' 1
I Mr.: 'A i -,P r.,ikasprppl.„l...lo ri1i..,..!• 1 ,-,llVti i i ...-
- DON, TO URSDAY NOVEMDFI

Pittce id,

Virtuous had distrthoted two thorium() four hundred
copies of the Se• 'wines in the precincts of that great
city. He refereed to another portion of the Coro.
nation ceremony, where the orb surmounted by a
cross was preseeted to the Monarch, that be might
he reminded that empire itself was subordinate in
the dominion of religion, end that the kingdiees of
the earth were all to become " the kingrluices of oar
Lord Jettie Chtist."
Mr. J. Jaws observed, that he 17114 almost
as good a right to complain as the out% di-
vele who admitted Dr. Barrow to be a very
great prescher, but thought him rather us. un-
fair oue, inasmuch as he had left nothing for
any other clergyman to preach upon. He wish-
ed the rich to be iuvited to copy the example .
of the poor woman whose case they hid bees.
listening to, and out of the abundance of their
time and means to attempt something more for
the objects of the Seciety. lie had been requested
to introduce Colour' Biandte to theta (the
Mohawk Chief before mentioned), whose fattier
many years ago resided in this country. He amid
tell them of the success of the Gospel to the wilds • 1
of America. Uu the other hand, there art a gentle.
mon pretent from Africa, who, from insuimount.
able difficulties, was prevented from addressing
them—but had directed him (Mr. Jamey) to assure
them that the good cause was tempering in that
port of the globe, and to assure them of the gra-
titude felted:trued by himself tied others immedi-
ately interested, towards the Society, for their u•-
siataoce in it. Seeing these examples, toed knoa.
mg, as they did, the zeal of those who were come
monly called Heathees, lie costa not but recoin.
mend the Society to redouble its euergies, lest
they should lose the start which they had at first
fake's.
Colonel BRANDT'S, who had been standing in a
pasture of very interestisig weakness, nutwithstaud-
ing the warlike *vetoer of his habiliments, now
addressed the suet-tine, assuring them of the grafi- •
tude of himself and iodine brethren, for the es- •
sistance which they hail received iu propugatiog
the light yr the Gospel. Ile anticipated the great
pleasure he *bald communicate by bearing home •
the intelligence of so full mid respectable a meet-
iug, hawing been held with a view to the good of
his countrymen and mankind at large. He hoped
that Almighty God would uu.ivt them, and secure
theta success in their great and pious undertaking.
Dr. WARDLAW, of Glasgow, took occasion is
area on the validity of the Holy Writings, which,
betides their iutrinsie evidenCe, had this extraordi-
nary plea to support it, viz. that if rejected fur want
of it, the same reason would coefound the llRlltorlty
41611 the poem, historians, and Obitosoprieni,-Which
had Coale down the stream of time, in company with
the Biblical writings. 'He added another argument,
which he conceived would prove a wry difficult
one fur infidelity to get over. Flow came it to
pass that the writings of a I.Ar übscere fisher-
men of Galilee should have become the theme and
topic of religious belief and controversy, of doc-
trinist dispute and logical meaning, for more than
eighteen centuries—and that it should moreover •
have produced, during the whole of that time, such.
extrusive and 'important effects on the government
of States and the aff'irs of muakind ? Surely
scepticism itself must admit that such a circum.
stance, of itself, formed a miracle in the moral
and intellectual economy of the world. He very . .
- ingeniously explained the eff:ete which the art of
printing and the estahlishmesit of Bible Societies
had brought about in conducing to the prevalence
of that influence. These effects were a subject bf
glorious anticipation to the Christian. They were
not limited to the sphere of the earth or the dont-
tam of time, nr contingent on the preservation of
the system. The eye of Hope towed them on-
wards into boundless eternity :
" Eternal Hope! ere yonder spheres sublime
Peal'd their first notes to sound the march ahem.,
Thy joyous pilafs began—but nut to fade—
When all the sister photts have der ;
When, wrapt in Gee, the realms of ether glow,
And heaven last thunders shake the worlds below,
Thula, undismayed, shalt o'er the reins smile,
And light thy lurch at Nature's funeral pile."
Mr. GeRRATT, Barrister at Law, stepped forward
to apologize for his brother's (Alderman and Sheriff)
absence. He read a letter from the worthy Sheriff'
for that purpose, which contained his donation of
ten guineas to the objects of the Society.
The Rev. J. MORRISON recommended that the
Mintier of the Society should be mainly left Open
the Ludtes, whose certainty of acting upon their
impulses in this labour of love was more to be de-
pended upon.
The Rey. J. B. WA HLI N. Chaplain to the King
el Sweden, spoke as follows Reis with inesitat.
• tan, although with gratitude, I accept the honour
-61 addressing aii assembly, uniting so many great
land venerable objects, which serve at mire to go•
courage and dishearteir the stranger. Your kind.
;laires, however, ha removed my fears, and. I.
rwould not omit this opportunity of assurttig von
of that heartfelt gratitude which my native eettiiti
entertains for your Christian liberality, in whoa
Sweden, with other nano's% has particieetc...
I.Thia is an obligation that we are prowl of at:.
bnowledging—it is a national debt due to you, but
'a generous debt—• sec sass inset graseibit.' ;I have
fitted it tisserted abroad, that the English *ergot,-
different to foreigners and monopolists of even
Virtue berself. Your • Bible and Missionary
Societies are the best refutation of such sit
assertion, and wherever your chums of liberality
of principles he contested, there will I; fur
one, declare myself your champion. My Lord,
it is a heart-rejoicing sight to witness the geotrel
religious interest which pervades all classes of this
highly-favoured land, where the Princesses, the
Nobles, and the First Officers take the lead to set-
ting their countryineu a bright example. Your
Lordship's presence here is au evidence thereof.
'There was a time, when, in the excess of temerity,
men were ashamed of the Gospel of Christ. when
contempt of religion pillaged temples stud throne-,
and, like a cancer, it corroded the mot vital parts

were, and litre bigotry all the advantages whirl she
had recently lost, poly let him hove the power of
dt►aemimitieg the Word of God. eed he felt ese6
deot of victory. The Reverend Gentlest* arm
eluded es elmseeat epeeel► by sireeeding the veseists.
Lion.
Mr. Sheriff Vita A SLIM wits clad at beiric allowed
