this Seer, "presides over the councils of France, we
mart not expect a durable price.; on our destruction
alone rests his security, and to hasten it, he will
leave no means untried: he is well aware that our
undaunted spirit, and persevering valour, will at
length restore to the Continental Nations that
spirit which has so unaccountably forsaken them ;
that a day will arrive, when, smothering ever/
uti-
sir
.jeriloxv, they will unite, and hurl him from
that throne lie has so unlawfully ascended; for we
must not imagine, that like a Gnii he will preserve
his present greatness tixed and unchangeable.
any honest Englishman, under such cir-

cumstances, cry for peace ? Is there any one
among us who would basely prostrate himself at
the feet of a tyrannical usurper ? Is there any one
among us who world compromise his liberty for
conditional slavery ? No, it l. I know my coup-
try men better."
Now, it' this extract have any meaning, it means
this; that if peace Were made with' Bortsciase,
this day, he would break it before we could derive
any benefit frosts our change of situation; and
dust if even it promised to be durable, a coun-
ter-revolution will come, and *weep him from the
throne which he has usurped. Here then is a can-
did, although perhaps not very discreet declaration,
that if peace were at this moment attaissuble, it
would not be wise to snake it; and that war must
be conumensurate with the life of Ito NAPARTS ; and

as he is not a very old, or a Very :tiling man, that
we cannot masottably look for peace until we have
buried our present Minittry, or a counter-revolu-
tion in France shall restore the throne of the Boys-
DON% aml the Continent shall returir to it* former
suite mid relations.

From our provincial letters and papers received
yesterday, it appears, that the damage done by
the late storms, has not been conlined to shipping
at sea. In various parts of the country, houses,
farms, and cattle, hare suffered materially, and
many accidents have happened. (if the damage
done at sea, our port lettn, du not furnish any far-
ther Particulars.

till
ob.
at,

We yettk:rday expriss4.d our fears, that the out-
wanl-bourul WcA India fleet, under convey of the
had been dispersed by the late storms.
Two of tita love returned to Portsmouth.
They were se.iurated from the convoy in a gale of
wind lu Friday last.

I'he wind having came round, on Minslay, to the
North, preparations were made at Portsmouth for
file mimAing of the outward-bouts& Mediterranean,
and ,mire Media convoys, in expectation that it
might Leconte more favourable.
It was reported, last &light, hut we know not
. upon what authority, that a plan of a counter-revo-
lution was formed in Paris, and that BONAPARTE
having ti eived intelligence of it, had returned from
Milan with extraurilioary expedition. His sudden
-sad unexpected arrival is said to have dissipated
the conspiracy eugendered and matured in his ab-
*rove. We do not attach any credit to this story.
, Large quantities of flour have been recently ex-
ported to Ireland, where its arrival, owing to the
limited produce of the lust harvest, must be very
desirable.
An American ship, the Eliza, Cr•istain FARE, is
:arrived at Liverpool, from havaunah, in Y. 3 days,
and another, called th. Hope, Captain Cots, from
Charleston, in 27 days. A letter by the former
states, that the question of Peace or War with
England continued to agitate the public mind, and
ilia all business was nearly at a stand.—The pee-
p!te.,:f Georgia were uniformly the advocates of
1. , but in other parts of the country senti-
ment*• widely different prevailed. A letter from
Captain Cows states, that on the 19th December
he had the good fortune to save the crew of a ship
called the &rode:, Captain Goma), bound from
Antigua to London; she foundered a few minutes
after the crew had got on board the Hope.
The Hope, the Eliza, and the Qtteen Charlotte,
Leith smacks, for London, have captured a large
French privateer, off fluidly Foot, Yorkshire; and
here also retaken two vessels which the privateer
bad captured. The intelligence was brought to
Leith, on Thursday moruing, by the Baccleach,
BA LUNG A LI..
The President, Inca, from Barbadoes for Cork,
sprang a leak at sea on the lath ult. and was de-
serted by time crew the next day, after throwing her
guns overboard. and cutting away her misen mast.
The John, MONDAY ; MYRA, CRANYTURD ; and
the Mineral Spring, --, for London : and the
Sidney, litmatm.r., for Guernsey, all from Monte
Video, sailed from Kinsale on the 27th ult. under
convoy of His MAJESTY 's ship Steady, and parted
in time Irish Channel. Tile Steady arrived at Ports-
mouth on.the let instant. The John, Ocean, sad
Sidney are arrived at Milford; also the Neptance
East I;idiamaa.

The Danes appear to have begun to act upon
the principle tlx.a. "frer bottoms make free grinds."
A imieiel arrived at Hull, on Friday, from Riga.
alter having; tern detained by the Dimes both at
Bornholm and Copenhagen.—The Captain** pa-
pers were all opened and examined, bnt, as the
v.-4,el was neutral property, he was suffered to
depart, on the principle office skips making free
pmts.
The force which sailed with Sir SAMUTI. 11001/
and General BruceFolue, amounted to 3714 ef-
fective men.--It coosi.ted of
The ad-Poet, sr Duffs llOO 11110:
110 - 1000
Sigh . 6us
the
To these were added, two companies of artillery,
nialzing 944 men. Foartaau artificers were alum
au Weed to Wan. •
