•

~"

It is the
LliNswit.g

ed the 40:h
the inte and
lewd for t
Ofirmer.
(Signed)

" Provided always, and be it farther emitted, That nothing
la Mos Act coldish:bed %boil extend, or he constriwit to totem',
to an triontbraes, sales or exchanges, of any funisnissiou"
sae...smistireste iy the honourable hand of Gealleinen
Pe •ners, or in His Majesty's Yeoman Guard, or is the
M • -.SOS, and the (:vort of the King in the Palace of the
P,. L 4 at tVeitminster, or to extend to any purchases,
oa.e., or eyeliners' isf any Conimu‘sious iu Ilia Majesty's
forces for anoh prices as shall he regulated and fixed by
3:1% regolsiiou made or to be made by Ml. Mojisty iu
rt:•• 'died, or to as, net or thing done in relation thereto
bi .+Rellts, remotest that such artists shall he agents of
regiments authorised Sy- the ll'uosmauder-iii-Chief of Ills Ma-
jeatis foremi, or ley the l'ohnsels or Commandant. of regi-
meats or corps. avid shall art therein under sort, ',wile' moil
ou's as are or shall, from time to time, be established by His
111.ijosty, and shall list ClOrrr or procure, or knowingly per-
mit or soder tube printed or advertised, any advertisement
or ailreetisenients, proposal or pmpusels, for any pore hose
or n de, or rerhonsc of rim eoniiriosion, or any negotiation
relanog thereto: Lad shod not reeriie i.e take ally simory,
fee, gratuity, or reward, or auy stonily, agreement., cove-
mrant, enntract, bond, or assurance, or any way, lowans,
or deuce, ronteset Or agree to receive or have any money,
fee, geotrim, or reward, for acting iu such behalf
" Provibot also, and he it further enacted, That every
°direr in His tlapsity's Forces, who shill take, accept, or
rerrive,e; pay, or agree to pay, any lamer suns of money, di-
rectly or indirectly, than abut is allowed by auy regulations
mole by His Majesty, hi relation to the purchase, sale, or
aschaeoe, of Cistetwissielus iu Hi. Majesirs forces, or oho
shall pay, Os [Stift to be paid, any non of money to any
Azent or broker, or other person, fur negotiating the piir-
,ch.oe or sale, Of exelsauge, of any such Commission, shall,
on I;cieg eonsicted Hommel by a General ('ourt-Martial,
forfeit his einunsission, and be cashiered; and, as an rat-
couragetnent fin this detitetion of such practices, sorb COM-
131.0,100 so forfeited shall be odd, and half the regulated va-
lue lint corcoding son% ) shall be sand to the informer, and
the other half, or the remainder, if more than Una. shall go
mid be applied as His Majesty shall order nod direct by any
arwalattaas twos titre lo tour toads in that behalf: Pro.
tided also, list every promo who shall sell his Commission
is Ili" litojesty• forces, and not continue to hold any Com-
mission in Ili. 3rfojesty's forme, and shall, arts er is rela-
tion to Binh sale, take accept, or riatirs, directly or ish-
regal?, any money, fee, giatuity, loan of money, resold or
profit, or say promise, agreement, rurrnant, contract, bond
or aginniaer. Or shall by any device or means, coutraet or
agree to reecimis or hate am money fee, gratuity, luau of
money, reward, tor profit, beyond ;he mitalated price, or
salve of the COMUOSSOOI sold, and alms tarry pri.nn, who
Shall witfully or knowingly aid, abet, or assist such person
therebs, shall he demised sad adjudged gritty of • misde.
osesausr wakes the prosisionaulftlse Act.
" Provided alwaro. sod be it Author enacted, That no.
this ip the said recited Act, or this Act contained, shall
*steed or he costarred to extend to Gibraltar., Malta, or any
place or plar.s is the 31e liternineau, until Hirer inontlis ;
or to any of His Majesty's iknuintoor, totemic', or plants-
tious in America, or the ttest.linfieri, wad four months;
or to the Cipe .of Good Hops, am island of St. Helena,
array Part of .Ifrica, until six namstbs or to gay of His
!Majesty's downier. in the Foot Indies, or beyond the
Cape...ft:mid Hope, vatll twelve oroutlio after tilt passing
of this Act."

FOREIGN I ATEL LIG ENC E.

SPANISH PAPERS.
ADDItEIS OF THE SUPREME JUNTA.
PrOPLIit orOstt.lcia !--On seeing you fall into
the power of the enemy, without any resistance, on
contemplating your ousel emporium, the pride of
mir coast, occupied by the French, and this lead-
ing and powerful province, from sea to sea, subject
t r a foreign yoke, indignation arid grief wrung from
your native country groans of malediction and an-
ger ; as from a mother, who complains to heavers
and earth of the degradation of a daughter, in
whose panty and virtue she was wont to glory.
Disastrous events then followed in as rapid a
suceessiou, as fortunate occurrences did before.—
The battles of Espinosa, Burgos, and Tualela, were
followed by the action of Somosicrra, the capture
of the capital, and the defeat near Celes. The
ruias of Suragoassi, the affair of Voila, and the
battle of Medellin succeeded ; but if in these me-
morable actions fortune forsook as, at least the
public opiniou was not lost. The wonderful resist-
ance of the capital of Armpit ; the perseverance
and gallantry with which our Catalonian army,

notwithstanding its inferiority in numbers, main-
tained an actinsi for eleven hours, broke the enemy's
centre, and then fought its way into Tarragona ;
the winguinary conflict of Medellin, in which the
French soldiers were struck with astonishment, on
witnessing the intrepidity and boldness of our
troops, whom they despised at the bottom of their
hearts, manifested, that *min, although' deeply
affected by these disasters, (lid not 1L.... her con&
dance. Her warriors pursued the path of glory,
and were every day atapiiring Additional rights, and
additional means to obtain victory. But Gallicia,
Uallicia. entered without resistance, domineered

without opposition, and sinking into slavery with-
out a groan; disconcerted all die cairn-
Istions of prudence, and gave the death-Wow to
the state, by destroying all it, hopes !
Who could have supposed on that unfortunate
night, that the first dawn of happiness would burst
forth upon onr country from
weak u you appeared in your fall, a hawked times
pore great and glorious were you in your insurrec-
Coll.—Despair itself, magnanimous ( ialliriuns,
raised Your arms to a degree of rtrength of which
you were at fird iiicapalilv, and the enemy was
woo made to perceive, that loyalty and patriotism

were essteuttsltsig the flame of war in a province,
which apparently was perfectly tranquil. The
shouts of indaiwildenee began to be heard on every
row', in every village sad town ; rage supplied

ar 114. aid with him who liati net a sabre to bran-
a tinglork to churge, the peaceful scythe
and wide became the impleitimita of war anti

death. Individuals, in a state of extreme agitation.
'eat+hag each ether, compunies Mire collect-
, corps were fortune:, and the coutrierors„ fear-
,* in their turn of the vatiquislod, rented to their
strong holds. Thither they were pursued, there
' were assailed mid routed. Vigo surrendered
itsi uppresso r, uud (lallieia, sending them in
Chains to the (meriti; sea-coast, drove them to hear
Auers to the Onions rrith, that the Spanish
not yet entirely forgotten the art of conifiten.
Mg and euchaiiiiiig the rreuch.
This was the first day which alone shone propitious
en Spain, after five months of disasters. It war ful-
lowed by others, and the very men, who, at the first
moment of surprise appeared so dejected, were the
first who faepared the. palms of victory, which were
erten% ards I,eitliered jointly with them l.y the war-
riors, who flew to their assistance, in the streets of
Santiago, the fields of Estrella and Lugo, and at
the bridge of St. Pago. It was iu vein, that Swat..
who, with considersble trouble, escaped from our
allies in Oporto, hastenee• with the reinnins of
his defeated division, to reinforce tie! menaced
Nay. Obstructed um their marches. shorn of their
advanced parties, intercepted in their cominimica-
tioM, and disconcerted in their hopes of fighting
decisive battles ; those Generals despair to coeupter,
and greatly detest a war, which wastes them without
glory. 11'liere are now that resumer that confidence
with which they told you that all was trampiil in the
peninsula, except Corenna and Ferrol ? Where
that vain glory with which, in their aiuliitlons views,
the comas of the Cantabrian and Atldittie Sea re-
sounded ? They might devastate soil ravage your
country, but could not subject and maintain them-
selves iii it. Wearied with contending with physical
forces which increased every day, amid with a moral
resistance which had rendered itself invincible, they
at length flee from your soil, exhausted, wretched,
dispersed, without arms, and without clothes, and
in Castile give a fresh and striking proof of the im-
possibility of imposing a yoke upon II people, when
tliey are ulna ii i aaa tins in their resistance.

" Tifit Simulants domes sot Luna tatial soar is,"
said the infamous traitor, to their country--those
who disgoised, under the mask of foresight, their
criminal egotism ; with these expressions of discou-
ragement, they wished to repress the generous
movements of loyalty. Vile and pusillanimous
into ! we now know what war is, cud this ter-
rible Itssou is written on our soil by the finger of
desolation, and graven on oar hearts with the
poignard of sem:entice. The execrable wretches,
whose satellitesye sonde y ourselves, have exceeded in
their atrocities whatever your pet-14110t% suggestions
could devise, and cowardly imagittation
But proceed to Gallieia, if yon dare to do so,
and learn to appreciate Spanish valour. Seinvolu
stretched his valiant arm over the burning coals
of Porienna ; his arm was con►umped, without
the hero venting a sigh, or asking tneicy.—
Such is Spanish patriotism: the blood of sacrificed
victims is still crying up to heaven ; the smoke of
fired houses is still rising to the clouds; the silence
of desolation is still hovering over a country, form-
erly covered with villages and farms. Yet ask the
families who are wandering through the woods,
whether they will not rather live with the wild
beasts of the forest, thins have any intercourse with
the as•assin who sold you ? Ask them, whether they
repent their resolution ? Try whether you discover
among them one voice which sides with you, one
vote winch exculpates you?

You are now free, People of Gallicia, and the
country, on proclaiming your eniancipsitiun, blots
out with tears of admiration and affection the pain-
ful expression, in which it once cosaplained of you,
at another time, and under different circumstances.
Ye are free, and owe it to your sublime patriotism,
your valour, end your persi.veraiire. Ye are free,
and Spain, nay, all Europe, congratulate you with
additional satisfaction, because your fate seemed
truly hopeless. All good men bless your name ;
and offering you, as a model to all the other pro.
vinces, they consider the day of your redemption as
the forerunner of the salvation of the country.
But, people of Gallicia, if you wish to preserve
tout liberty ahi.,h you hive °Monied by dint of
prodigies ; if you wish to maintain unstained the
glory which surrounds you, and reverberates
thrum:limit Spain ; if you wish to gather the fruits
of so many painful exertions, perfectly matured,
remain united, and subordinate to the authorities
who are at the head of you. Bear in mind, all ye
who have any influence over the management of
the public stfaisrs of this great province, as well ye
who command, as ye who obey, that social tranquil-
lity and safety, are founded on virt tie. By strength
and perseverance y ou have defeated the enemy ; by
union, by love of order and justice, you will con-
solidate your happiness, and repair the dreadful
evils which the Funch itivasiou has inflicted on
pm. Let public tranquillity revive with the em-
pire of patriotism. Peace and moderation in all
tnwns will villages, union and subordination in the
armies, eternal hatred against the tyrants.—Suclr
•oath to lw• your Immo.
Royal Futon iu Seville, MARTIN DE GARAY.
July to, idols__

ILLSIIi \f:.

Extrai t of a Letter from an Officer employed in
the Expedttion:—.• We landed n;) the north side
of the Wand of ‘ri:li :AM of the troops.
with little or no opposition ;—we Is} on our arms

1

I

that night in the road, within tno niles of Alithile-
burg, and entered it the next day ; we found it
11 completely gutted by the French, who hal left it
to arrange themselves along the toad to Flushing,
determined to oppose evay step. 'Flie rood be-
tweeii :iliddlehurg and Flushing is through inch
.en enclosed country, intersected pith ditches,
hedges, and thickets, as to give the enemy every
possible advantage ; but I suppose the bravery
of British troops was never more coiwpicuoutly
displayed than on that occasion. The e2d and
Slit light infantry were foremost the whole way,
headed by Lieutenaut-Colonel 11AINWARING,
of the 51st, who led them on in such a superior
style, iv, to astonish the enemy ; and, aided by the
ardour and bras ery of those two gallant r!ginients,
succeeded in completely destroying and taking the
French in every direction, lighting opwards of live
hours without intermission ; and, in addition to be-
ing opposed every step, bad to bear the constant
tiring from the enemy, who lord entrenched them-
selves in the ditches along the road. We took about
600 prisoners, and nearly the same 'miniver killed
and wounded, with tno field-pieces, and totally
annihilated the first colonial regiment. The ope-
rations nutter Lord Nor. r on our right, and those
of General M'Ket.zte, on our left, acre equally
kuccerhf u I."

THE BRITISH PRESS.

LONDON,
SAITIWAY, AutiusT 19.

No accounts from Flushing had been received
at the Admiralty or ‘Var-ofrice, alien this
was put to press. The report, therefore, of the
actual surrender of the place at six o'clock on
Tuesday evening', when the German Legion of
HILKETT, and the 812(1 British, took possession of
the gates, remains exactly as it was on Thursday.
The vessel which carried the cargo of turtle to the
lt,rl of CHATHAM, and brought home, in return,
this iatereating liiiiitortusit news, is thelast arrival
from the Isle of Walcheren, and of coarse we have
no ground upon which we can arraign the accuracy
of the information. The wind certainly has been ge-
nerally in an adverse point glace Tuesday ; but the
weather has not been very boisterous; and when we
farther consider the shortness of the distance, it does
appear strange that Government have received no
intelligence of an event of so much impovtance.—.-
We were also early informed, and still believe,
that estriordinary measures had been provided for
facilitating the transmission of news front the
Scheldt, and that signal vessels were stationed for
that pssrpose.—We do not mean to say that a con-
firmed chain of signals was drawn across Irons Wel-
, cheren to the Downs, but rt is obvious that a sort
of broken (Muhl might be preserved between the
apposite coartr.-.-This circumstance must of course
increase our surprise at the aliactiee of all ofricial
intelligence in the interval since 'fuesday.--Sach,
however, is the fact.---We are not only without of-
heist dispatches, hot also withont the expectation
of the arrival of any last night.—Lust evening the
atmosphere was clear and favourable to telegraphic
comintsrsielitions, and it was ascertained that no
dispatches were ou their was.

A cartel has arrived at Dover, from Morlaix, with
prisoners.—She has brought a great number of
letters; but they ore not of public importance, the
writers berg% afraid to touch upon political affairs.

There has not, we believe we may safely assert,
during the last twenty years, been any moment of
time, in which so man) great objects of interest
and of anxiety were depending, as in August, 1809.
Let us try to cast a bird's-eye view over Europe,
during the present instant of pose and suspense,
while the fate of Austria and Germany, though
signed, is not irrevocably sealed. The first and
leading figure, which arrests our view, is NAPO-
LEON--his foot upon the neck of his fallen and
intimidated enemy. Master of Vienna, coroperor
of the Danube, victorious at Wagrarn, lu pos-
session, as we are taught to believe, of pinion,
Pre/burg, and Gratz, having compelled Ft:sm.:is
to accept an armistice ; uniting all these ad-
vantages, and personally present in the midst of
Austria. it is undoubtedly too probable that Int li
will dictate peace before the tetith of the present
month, when hostilities are otherwise to se-corn-
victim. Yet are there some gleams of light visi-
ble amidst this darkness. We cannot consider
either the Austrian Monarchy, its armies, or its
SOVEREIGN. as humbled or crushed in the same
degree as the:. were after the battle of Austerlitz.—
No interviews in a windmill are mentioned. Even
the oegoeiatious proceed slowly and relurtantly.—
The Ty roleee comb' ue in anns. Of the march, the
movements, or the arrival of the Itassisto auxilia-
ries, so long foretold, we hear nothing. DINO to
the Bth or 99i of this month, we may safely infer,
that no peace hail been signed. Hope, therefore.
from that quarter of Enrope, however languid, is
not extinct.
Meanwhile, an armament, forinirl.il.le om its
numbers, (would we could say from the recognised
Weals and activity of its Ciiiiirnauder l) sent from
this country, has landed in Zealand. Ilnd it krtn-
nately been fitted out and ihspatclied six weeks ear-
lier, such an invasion, directed against conntries so
Dear to France, and against rivers or fortresses, in

` !,I

-

which NAPOLEON hAs been collecting the ic.Arrialli
for invasion, duriag many years, ini,ght hire pow.
erfully operated on the Danube. But,
intelligent, and energetic Ministers, waited or in-
telligence of the armistice of Zoiiim, before they
sent Lord CHATN•III over to the Confine:li ; rho+
nothing was more practicable than to have dis-
patched the Expeditiou by the 15`it of June, in.
stead of the 2611 of July. Like Re.aceigo, in The
Moor of Venire, they may say--" I. do follow here
in the chase, not like a hound flint hunts, but one
that tills up the cry.—My money is almost spent;
and I think the issue will be, Isbell have so much
experience for my pains."
When tree read of the bombardment of Flushine,
of the laetloo! op Smith Ilevelutrel, and of the lope.
rations, J they can tie properly so elenorninated,
carr3 tog on at the mouth of the Schelclt ; and alien
we observe., that, ever since the e.911i of lust mouth,
no official accoutit of the surrender of the lilac.,
100 landing etl'extr, I OD lite isle of Cadosal,
nothing hitherto commenced ugaiost Fort Lilo
or Antwerp, while nsitsbioorrN is coll. (ling
%II the disposable force of Ft/rodeos and hol-
land, to give us a warm reception;—when we
moreover reflect, that the British troops are not led
oil by a MIRLAi/1101.1;H, or a %% ol.rI;, or even by a
Wsi.csau.ty; we confess, that, even in the con-
templation of objects purely national, mid uncon-
nected with the fate of Austria, we see much more
ground of apprehension than subject of well-founded
harts. If The alarming Post, or The Times, view these
events through, a more sanguine and favourable me.
ilium, we hare only to wish that their anticipations
may be realized. Fur us, we rather dread, than de.
sire, the arrival of intelligence from VValcherett awl
from Antwerp.
Not that we question the heroism, skill, and
exertions of our troops, and, above all, those of
the naval force, whose superiority of tactics above
the enemy, almost secures success. But we may
purchase Flushing, lianas and Antwerp, at too
dear a rate, and with too great an effusion of Bri-
tish blond. Such, in our estimate, hits been the
case in Spain, at Talavera ; where, with above
tire thousand men lift on the field, or disabled,
we have purchased the barren satisfaction of
furnishing mutter for encomium to the 'Minis-
terial Papers, on the ability of a Cabinet, the
names of whose principal tnembert cannot be
perused by the gravest of His MAJESTY'S Chap-
smile. We have, besides, com-
pelled JOUPII BONAPARTE to retreat to Guadars-
ins ; from whetice he tray not improbably return,
lamer ilt/ttr we wish, to afford us the occasion of
;ruining another aimilar victory. Those who see
matter of solid triumph, or of felicitation, in
these transactions, should inform us, how Sir
ARTNUR, with his viiitoricies, but diminished fcrces,
is to subsist in New Castile; how he is to ad.
VBll.Cr to Madrid ; how he is to recruit his army ;
lastly, and above all, how he is ever to retreat out
of Spain, and to reach Cadiz, Lisbon, or Co-
runna. Do the admirers and encomiasts of the
march to Madrid, recollect where Madrid it? Or
do they rely fur security on the troops of BLAKE, of
VENROAS, anal of CLTEITA ? Lord CHATHAM may
always return from Waleheren, or from Antwerp.
But, how is WE.LIASLET ever to reach the /Ware.
tic, or the Bay of Biscay, in case of a reverse
BON•PARTE wilt order, we limy be assured, all the
efforts and attacks to be made en the British ex-
clusively. he knows how to deal with the Spa.
inert's.

Such is our view of Europe at the present mo.
'neut. IVe hare hastily potirtriyed its leadin...;
features. Of Ischia, and of Archangel ; of the ex-
peditions Russia, or agakst Naples, we
mike little account, for they will decide nothing.
Holland, Spain, but, above all, Austria, fix and en-
gross our altenticrit. The next accounts front Vi-
enna, and front Germany, will, prabab!y, be most
iroportAnt.

The New-York Paper of the 17th sap, " We
are entitled to state, as a positive fact. that on Ante.
newt Gentleman in Amsterdam has written to his
tri fnl herr. by the late arrival from Amstertlani,
that he had received a letter from General Anti-
STAMM, our bithister at Paris, advising him to
remit his money to England or America without
any delay, as the General had finally made ep his
mind to leave France itninediately, and return to
America."
The Cant&erland, Minna, arrived from the
River Plate. sailed 21st May ; left there the Gene-
roes Planter, M*PnEnsott, of London. to sail in
oboist a fortuight ; Illay, Bnowa, of Liverimol,
ditto; Incentor. MsLEN Now ; Prihee Twcu. f
aa-
sea i'eft/eg, of Landon ; a schooner hi--
longing to London, RosEaysns, master; and an
America'', Louder Spa unit colours, LAICso, mist cr.
—On Litli Jour, in lat. 2. 41. S. l.m . es, 94. W.
saw a large slim alerting towards Rio Janeiro; she
skewed a Freus b wie.igii at the miles,, and a Portu-
guese flag at the fore. supluiseil to be a cartel from
the Isle of France.—Passed, ,-2:•1;h June, in lat. 9.
S. long.-43. W. it tleit of twelve sail; appear:.)
steering for Rio J4114'40: most of them rely hose
ships, supposed to lac Indult/ten.
The fullowieig paragraph is retracted from the
l.4ter of our Correspondent at Plymouth :
" Accounts front Falmouth state the arrival there
from Spain of a cutter, with as °Geer,. the hearer
of dispatches, said to be posterior in date to Sir A.
1V el.ssi.sv's victory, and to contain accousits of
ht. li.iviug marched to Madrid. We hope this will
!mule true."—tho issquirv, we could not find thst
flue intelligence alluded to had been teceived by
Go, ernment.

:~'

ell

Man mad I
performed. II
beuett of Mr
Lady Tau ;
the patronapp
aniusetnents
(horn. went r
in mower to a
and happily
11. Wellesley
The effect thi
forwent... of I
and Britons s
lioou Wing
111/11,4e orertimi
the curtails di
mold ha pru
tilled, and ma
under the ne
--•'s perfor
bonne 11114 ro.l
Ammo. the

The Cout

Hnontionci, fir
thr Wt. the I
Cenral and M-
inton, !Ilium
Captain Browns
awl Mrs. Hint
Vitt'. Mr. Mow.
Mr. Horn Baru
ate! (unify, &e,

Is

'l'

T

II hen IA
That ►hr
Lut r Lu
That,
bent let
Attra,
It is not
Nur i►

His Royal

mini) ltett.er
Viseottutes
I.t.,terday, in
liourne Holly
UMW Cow
weep amon~ei
The Dania
last night, nt
Mr. and th
frir their nen
by lieneral II
Tile Worts
the il7lh of
The combine
BRAII4III, Mr
VAn,
engaged for t
F2iiiten ran
'9th instant.
Au ntinir
during the r.
profit to the
young wife of
ported, WWI I
officer of Or.
Brigutlier4
distinguished
Taliiverr, ant
A. Wzi I.Est.
hunself no 1,
and on winy
the nude of
Alumna's, Ai
and two nepl
tem country.
Lieutenant
fell in the m
soils
.Jung I.tican
Lienteitant4
gowan, Yf K
to General (;
tortimining,
will i.e. ileepl)
A aelt‘ the
mare regrette
who commons'
pre.ent Conn
Wedimaite
------ HMO
Ortlnnuee 11)t.
the late Mini
.tittisic in her
•die hid gone
fore, apparent
The Georg
1.0, rell down
a eons:
The first eraiii
in the garret
and It ul three
areal snit ran
ehdritning. "
rr gentlemen,
sod tutus oth,
the shriek of t 1
lint rine of the
cniol crash, wl
t pans, then
1.,1 It twiny in
ow lives Mere

_
. •
•
Aft3/Vr • 4.-07111SN' dead
.
GCNEita , Ywere
414 tog,
motrtr-ii, " • • ful in
.he CoUllaarider4 stroa
iixtract.frona an
r, Yhcy
1:h of June, 1909, •
and Brokerage. of • .11 • • with
the iofornsatios and ' the chain
if the Army. YY itut
agoett) fi wItItY C Ll' Adj-Gen. have
