Tiii

;TisHfftt'ss.

• LONDON,
WEDNESDAY, JUNI 25.

The Mr:rgarst packet ried at Palnionth or.
Saturday last. from India, with intelligence that n
Definitive TrSkaty t.l Peace has been concluded, be
between [tot' s, and Sir Groac 13•RLOW, on the
part of the ask I:114 Company, upon advanrageou,
and honourable terms; wed yesterday morning an
overland packet was received at the India House,
confirming this grateful intelligence. Mr. Paw.,
last night, in the House of Commons, produced a
copy of the Treaty, rind announced his intention to
tke it the subj•ct of a :siation in the course
of n-et v..eck, unless anticipated by His Mairsty's
Minlwers.

The Margaret sailed fram Calcutta on the 22d of
February, arrived at St. Helena the 29th of April,
and left it on the 2d of May.—Her advice; bt:her
stre, that Sir GLOPOC BARLOW had returned to
Calcutta, and every thing was perfealy tranquil.
An espeditiQn from the Ctpr, under Sir Home
?maw ant General Britssratto. had arrived at
St. Helena, and sailed isons thence for Buenas
A yrts.

The Haraburgh Mail, due on Wednesday, ar-
rived yesterday with letters and Papers to the
14th. We have also received Dutch Pipers to the
_:it. It apasears tau the surrender of Cattaro, in
due manner and form, will not satisfy Bo •
Upon taking possession of Ragusa, General Lay.
!LISTON pat:dished a proclamation, in which Bosa.
fears declares his intention to acknowledge the
independence and neutrality of that state, as soon as
the Russians thall have evacuated Milani 1. the
island of Corfu, and the other Venetian islands, and
that the Russian squadron shall have quitted the
coast of Dalmatia.
On the evening of the 17th inn, the new King-and
illseen of Hott.ANo, with th-if two infant children,
arrived at their suesm-r residence, the Nouse is the
;rood, near the Hague. rue procession was made
by toich-light. It was a sortibre and gloomy scene,
sore resembling a funeral procession than the en-
trance of a Prince into possession of the highest state
ef earthly grandeur. Had the unfortunate Duren
appointed a day of m4urning for th,ir lost liberties,
they email not have observed it with deeper sor-
row, or devised a spectacle more dismal, to com-
memorate the commencement of their slavery.--
Viscount Howie, last night, in the House of Cosa-
mons, produced his plan respeeting Greenwich Hos-
pi t al .

Yesteiday was a ho;hi.ty at the Stock Excharge,
but private bargains were done in Oninsans at 31,

Early yesterday mortiait. a Meesenger arrived
at Mr. Tor's house in the Stable fard, with dis-
patches from Vienna.
The passengers from India, per Margaret packet.
Cotmel R Mann, Capta;n T. &farm.. Mager; W. and
G Maean, capis.n S eau.. v....tenant T. aeon, Mrs. R.
Ihrithso4l. WINK H and M oelae•toay
The Fherrnr, II a actor,,; P,estoe, Svoitarecn.
Cer re. , Ht niow ; arrived •t Bombay, from
Bengal. the tSih of January. The was ea
be sent home with a cargo from linrnbity, but the
tWn other ships were to be detained in India.
Hie MAJUITY'S ship Thetis, with the Aaialt,
Ilkicnaanson; and the //foes. Eritrozo, extra ship,
Mgr iyed at Madre, the Ilth .07•Esbroarj.
The ./ecru.'/., ISACKE ; et:riles. G. Woda and
Dresankiee, Mannar ; arrived at Madras, the 15th '
ofJanuaiy, and were to sail on or abnnt the 1211
FeThrl/Arf, in company with the ilthatra!
AA/Await., under convoy of His Majessr's ship '
Niv4e,rea.
The Per 44.4", Mow ; the Piaile, Joete ;
Wiese; dfariPrit, STRING4II: Weihnky, LOVETT ;k
Ste ettedrepe glow...wad, Balt It ; and SW Gadtheyr !Vib-
es,. %renege ; trom Jamaica, tender convoy of the:
Prise, gun-hrig. arrived off hover on Monday Last.„
lb* four fo!mer from Cork. and the remainder the
Piiier fell in with of Plyrn-insh
114 Create arrived at Bombay on the llth or.
Jenausry, and wee to basest home with a cargo ftoat
thanes.
The Seine... 114,Fsett. Awe. is arrived of Pen-
itence, from Jamaica.; she parted from the Beet on
the 16th May, in company with the Levaint aad
the Ltri, with f 7 others; parted from the loyalist
on the lath, 13 sail then in sight ; cad front the
.1.-sady on the 20th, and has experienced much bad
weather.
At a Common IT 11, held vesterda• at Guildhall.
CtetEGß Hlaacer, FN. clothworker ; and Tann A
Ewa. Esq. patten-maker, mete eledled Sheriffs of
Ilindon and Middlesex, for the year easuing.
A Court of Aldermen was aLerwards held, at
which the price of Dread wits reduced half an assize.
which makes the quartern loaf 'wheaten Is. Id. aad
'Household 1 I Id. which commences to-morrow.

_ . _..—.
RICH•RD CL•am, Esq. was sworn into the office
'of Charni:csiain.
, Joins WIL/ T• 11 GALARII and -losers WILLS
(Wet( swerl BriJfserna.itrrs ; ana
, The Rulers e the Waterworn and Lightermen's
L 'Company, were severally sworn fur the due ez.xu-
I tion of their respcltive places.
, WILLIAM y•KI•NTOS, Jun. Was swore a De-
puty Salt-Meter.
At the Curt of Aldermen held at Guildhall,
ypstert-ty, Mr. Tnowas Taco, of Cheapsido, was
a:Jrn Bret= fur the City of Lendot..
