SALE BY AUCTION.

VAIAJA TILE LEASEHOLD ESTATE,
Judd-street, Brunewkk-aquares producing a net annual income •
161/. 0..
By STEVENS soil RRRNEHLEY.
At the Auction Mart, on WF,I)NESDAV, April 12, 10211, at 12,
by order of the Executor. of John Stevens. E.q. deceased.
Lot I.L` Valuiable LE A EIIOLD ESTATE. comprising
1 a desirable Family Residence, situate No. 65, Judd.
Street, Brig .wick-square, in perfect, anbsiatitial, and ornamental
repair, containing four good bedchambers, a drawing-room, with
windows to the floor anti statuary marble chimney-piece, eommuni.
eating by folding doors with a back drawing-raorn good dining.
room, breaktitat-mom,store-rootn,two water. cjiwea,boardeil kitchen.
scullery, good Minting and a yard behind. bet on bears to Mr.
William Stephens, for a term of seven years, at an annual rent of
73/. 10s.
Lot 2. A LEASEHOLD ESTATE, comprising a Family
Residence, situate adjoining the preceding, being No. 66, Judd-
/ tweet, and containing the same number of rooms, and a yard be.
hind. Let to H. E. Bicknell, Esq. for a term which will expire at
Christmas next, at an annual rent of 851.
Lot 3. A LEASEHOLD ESTATE. comprising a Family
Residence; situate No. 04, Judd.street, and containing the same
number of rooms as the preceding, and a yard behind. List to Miss
Evance, for a term which will expire at Michaelmas, 11127, at an
annual rent 40704
Lot 4. A LEASEHOLD ESTATE, comprising a Family
Residence, situate -adjoining the preceding, being No. $3, Judd-
West. atiel• ecinudning. the same number of woes, and yard
behind, ;At la Mr. Way, for a term which wilt expire at Michael.
, pas next, at an annual rent of WA
The whalsi of Min we*
Nit; property keen fen a, term,
of 34 yam, twellicbralkielk IC* rift* wor-tri‘ak re,
annum.
May be viewed with leaved the respective tenants, mat mirth
milers had at the place of sale; of Messrs. Swain, Serena. Maples,
Pease, and Hunt, Solicitors, Frederick's-piece; and of Stevens
and Brcnchlev, 36, Old Jewry.

------_.
BY ACT OF PARLIAMENT.
THIS IS THE VERY LAST LOTTERY RUT ONE
THAT CAN EVER REOFFERED TO THE PUBLIC.
(-JARROW, earnestly solicits attention to the present
SCHEME, and assures the Public that, althoueli Lotteries
have existed in this country upwards of ISO years, they are now
doomed, by Act of Parliament, to cease for ever, ..fter alris and
One more Drawing. From the very great demand that may be
expected in the last Lottery, it is hiely probable that Tiekl-ta and
Shares will rise considerably above their vresent price. In this
Scheme all the popular points at late Isotterics are retained, and
every Number is sure of being a Prize ; with
SIX PRIZES or 421.000, &c. &e.
FORMING AN AOG!U:GATE OF !'3:17.000!
ALL TO BE DECID2D IN ONE DAY,
THIRD OF MAY.
Tickets and Shares are now on Sale at CARROLL'S fortunate
Offices, No. 19. Cornhill; 7, Charing-giro's; and 26, Oxford-street,
London; where he sold, within a short period,
Four Prizes of DiOnn
Four Prizes or X 20.600
And other Capitals in former Lotteries exceeding
A MILLION STERLING!

- - -
PARLIAAIEN7'ARY INTO L LIG K NCE.

HOUSE OF LORDS, THURSDAY, MARCH 16.

SLAVERY.
Lord KENYON presented a petition from Haverfordest,
against slavery.
The Bishop of EXETER presented two similar petitions tram
Exeter.
Th..! Earl of MANSFIELD presented a petition to the same
effect from Perth.
The Earl of ROSEBERRY presented similar petitions from
Epping and from A mpthill.
Earl GROSVENOR presented petitions from Blackburn and
Rochdale.
The Earl of DARNLEY presented a petition to the same effect
from the Churchwardens and Overseers of the parish of St.
Leonard's, Shored itch.
similar petitions were presented by Lord Melville, from Pether-
win ; by the Earl of Aberdeen, from Inverary ; and by the Earl of
Shaftesbury, from Watlington, in Oxfordshire.
CURRENCY OF SCOTLAND.
The Marquis of HUNTLV presented two petitions from
Aberdosn, against any alteration in the present a stem of banking
~p sictiticmfrom
Inverness, from Banff, from Forret, and from the town of Inver-
ness and county of Aberdeen.
Lord MELVILLE presented a similar petition tram Petherwin.
- -

CORN LAB S.
The Earl of SHAF TESBURY presented a petition from a
place in Oxfordshire, against any alteration in the Corn Laws.
USURY LAWS.
The Marquis of LA NSDOWN said he had a petition to pre.
sent from the same body who had entrusted to his care a petition on
the subject of the he alterations in the banking system of the
country. It was from the Chamber of Commerce of the town of
Manchester, and prayed for a repeal of the Usury Laws. His
Lordship considered the subject • most important one, and ma-
terially connected with the present state of distress which prevailed
in the country.. It was not his lordship's intention to enter upon
a full discussion of the Usury Laws. but in his opinion they had
greatly aggravated the commercial difficulties of the country, by
fixing the rate of interest, beyond which money could not be
borrowed. Many of the losses which had been sustained by in.
dividuals within the last six months, might have been avoided if
the Usury Lliws had not been in existence. It was that unfortu-
nate attempt to establish as invariable and fixed what in its nature
was variable and unfixed, which led to the want of confidence and
accommodation so much complained of. His Lordship did not look
upon the Usury haws so much in reference to their operation upon
the landed proprietors, as in their reference to the commercial
tcreAt of the country. The merchant ICU by those laws placed
in a situation not to borrow money when he was most inerrant of
it ; but the wisdom of those laws allowed him to borrow when
least he wanted money. It was like saying to a man who was in
youth and sound health, "You may insure your life ;" but when
the same person becomes delicate or old he te not allowed to insure
his life, or take measures to provide for his family in the event of
his death. He defied any Noble Lord to show a difference be-
tween what he had supposed and that of a person whose difficulties
required money. but who was not allowed to give a premium for
the use of it. The premium to be given for the use of money must
depend upon the quantity of supply and demand, and upon cir-
cumstances which could not be regulated by any legislative enact.
ments. Commerce ought to be allowed to regulate itself, and any
artificial attempt to adjust it would be as improper as an inter.
ference with the mercury in a barometer. It would be the policy
of the State and of the Government to leave the commercial and
pecuniary transactions of the country to be adjusted by their own
operations. He would beg leave again to call their Lordships' at.
tendon to what had taken plsee throughout the country within the
last six months; and from these circumstances he must conclude
that the subject was worthy the most serious consideration of their

Lordships.
The Larl of LIVERPOOL said that when the deputations from
Manchester and other places had waited upon him to procure an
issue of Exchequer hills, he had an opportunity of ascertaining
thtir opinions upon the established rate of interest ; and the gentle.
men cutriosing the deputation stated that if there were no usury
laws they would not have occasion to make the application to his
Lordship. The subject he considered one of considerable diffi-
culty, from its bearing upon certain respectable-classes if socie.y,
who had endured a feeling unfriendly to any interference with the
established rate of interest • but he did not mean to say that the
Usury Laws could he defended on any sound principles. He was
sure the subject mutt come before their Lordships at no distant
period ; and at present his Lordship would not enter upan any dia.
cussion of it.
The petition was then rend and laid on the table.
PROMISSORY NOTES BILL.
The Order of the Day for the third reading of the Promissory
Notes' Bill being read,
Earl GROSVENOR rose for the purpose of supplying an
omission in the Bill by a clause which he held in his hand. It was
his wish to give every facility to exchange notes for gold ; and the
clause which he was about to propose would invest a power in
Magistrates to levy distress in ten days After a bank refused to pay
gold cor its notes. It had been used as an argument in favour of
the Bill befbre their Lordships, that it was intended as a protection
to the poorer classes of the community; and his Lordship thought
that without the clause in question no such protection would be
afforded to the working,. classes. His Lordship then moved the
clause.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said the clause proposed by the
Noble Earl applied to the general law, anti had no immediate re-
ference to the Bill before their Lordships. He did not mean to
enter into any discussion as to whether it was advisable to pass a
law to attain the object of the Noble Earl; but as the Bill before
the House was intended merely for the purpose of putting an end
to the circulation of small notes in three years, he could not see
ithat connexion there was between it and the lause proposed by
the Noble Earl. With respect to the apprehencsion that the Bank
of England would issue too great a quantity of paper, unless there
was some control upon them, he thought the application of mak•
ing weekly returns would act us a sufficient cneck to any over
issues.
Earl OROSVENdIt explained.' He had known of a hanker
refusiug to pay gold in exchange for his notes, and would only
give Bank of England paper.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL had heard of but one instance of a
banker having refused to pay gold in exchange for his notes ; and
so great was the sensation caused by that circumstance, that on se-
want of it three millions of specie had been drawn out of the Hank
of England.
The clause was put and negatived without a division, after
which the Bill was read a thhd time.

Mr. AlTotmr and other 3lembers of the Muse of Commas,
fought up aevjal private Rills +run the Co' mmons.
DOVER HARBOUR. _

Mr. SNITTOIT, fit Tran thi6.nrimiseionerviof Dover flarbour.
prorated en mount of the tonnage dotted of Darer Harbour, frets
Oct. 1884 to Oct. 1825.

JURORS' BI LT.

The Scotch Juror ectimittee.
Their Lordships adjourt.ed it a 9uarter to six o'clock.
HOUSE OF COMMONS, THURSDAY, MAACK 16.

HOLBORN ARCADE.
Mr. BYNO p►essnted a petition trom the inhabitants of
osin's.lnn-lialda, against the proposed arcade from Lineoir.'s.lnto
to Ifolbom.
Dr. NI I LLI lit ORE piesented similar petitions from Sir James
Henry Arnold end Mr. John Feta Vincent. SurFenn, He said
that the erection of the arcade in question would be injurious In the
petitioners, and sontrary to every principle which regulated
private property.
ABOLITION OF .9LAVEHN

Lord STANLEY presented a petition, untying for the abos
lition of negro shivery. from Blackburn and Rochdel,.
nimilsr petitions were presented by Mr. Ellis, from the Pre's-
tam llissenters of Newcastle.upon.Tyne ; limn Doppincton. h 1
Mr. (Art ynt; hem Exeter. by Mt. Warre; by Mr. Pym. frets
fitunad.ile, in Bedfordshire ; by his. Denison, from Ferntorrn s by
Mr. HitetiMsos. Dam the Society°, Friends of the.eity of Cork
and its Yleisiq t by 111 r. byndsay, from Perth and its vicinity ;
by kV. A. Coopms. from the city of Glasgow ; and by lS W.
ValsOut; from
