The Duke of NORTHUMBERLAND grereeteti a petilima
from certain ship-owners resident in South Shields, in the eau- oty of
Durham, praying for protecting duties.—Laid on the table.
ABOLITION OP SLAVERY.
Earl GREY presented a petition fi..ot Datiington, praying fee
the abolition of slavery lit our Went India Colonic, . Also simile,
petitions front Coggerahall. in the north riding of Yorkshire, and
from a pariah in East Lothian.—Laid en the table.
Loril Dr DLEY and W.... 1.) bhgged to call the attention of
their horilaltips to a petitir.:‘, which he held in his hand, from the
Board of Council arid flows of Assembly in the Wand of Antigua.
He certainly thought the inhabitants of that island were geol
authority for all that concerned (he slave population, for he believed
that as regarded their condition, both physical and moral, the
slaves or Antigua were better off' than the slaves of any °lna of Oil
%Vest India islands ; and would bear an advantageous companion
with the free blacks in any country. The petitioners indulgad to
etelww"iona which, perhaps, would be considered too harsh toraines
a certain body of ',mans in this country, who were home') a 4
• Whilst lie acknowledged that aonia of the ...Tres,
`lepetition might be considered as harsh, he thought tk
n that the Colonists theniselem had been the obecra
d invective; and it was not to be wandered at it they
led themaelvas within proper bounds, what. ape,.kie,e
meets. Nothing contained in the petition was noir*
twever, as exprexpions applied to the t:ttiotasts by tnc,
party in this country. As far i.e ree;ariled a,
...
e begged to observe, that the language at the petit tiairel
.ecly respectful; they only desired, mud ho thought Just.,
.1 it tribe Legislature, that if an rummer hauriesta • 'At
4e4itge
9/01111111d VIICIA, they should reeriee a full and fear
(In dia stMject Re ehi)uld• mediate their fAirdatii...,
ahlist he shortly stated his own opinions. lie aid no: think the
Colonists were knitted to any indemnity, because the Livid/aura
paled Acts for the protection of the slave, or his i nortivettent in
the- condition of' alseery : hut the moment the I...rgistantire took
another Important step, differing in kind and degree—the naluie;.t
it took away his services. or set the clove free, thee mum they. :n,
demnify the mestere. Where slavery ended, there compensation
must begin. It might appear extremely harsh that toe man ithint4
be the property of another man, Ind so it was; but such had bee.,
the practice for above ore hundred years, and that pricier bad
been during that period sanctioned and protected by Gorerionent.
If new light had now broken in on the world, and that the horror
of such a system was universally felt, the nice of that know,
ledge should be paid by the public, and not by the descend_
ants of those. who only shared the guilt, and were but the metre.
Merits of a general policy. It might be said, and he knew it had
been said, that the sperm of slavery waa adverse to the Benito
Constitution, and that no compensation ought to be granted to
those who ;mowed such it traffic. What could be more contrary
to the spirit of the Constitution than the indemnification of
the Metter.' of Boroughs for the loss of those Bomuglei a Yet
this had been done in Inland at the Union. The Justice or
this indeinnitication was asset Impugned, and. he contended,
that upon every principle .nf law, justice, and prescription, the ,
right of the petitioners to indemnification was meet stronger.
In fact. in many of the pethime praying for the all:intim,
of' slavery, the ptriu.ipie of indemnity woe folly adinittard.a.,
The application of triaaafrine.ok was certalely full of difficulty.
Some thought the rottbilltati-e rcr frearlahourefor slave labour dem-
cable. lie (Lord nutiley and I,Vard) was sensible that free labour
was the hest, and he was one of thous who didmot think it hope*,
Bible that ere labour might be gradually introduced into our Coto,
nits with advantage. In this he differed with mote .of the Colo.
nista. lie saw that far a slight addition of profit, pertOnli'co,ild be
induced to engage in the most lattorious and unhealthy emplor-
inente, and he did not see why this principle should not operate to
the West Indies as well'as in all other countries; but ke ettite,tra it,
any thing like a sudden transition from slave labour to free labour.
If several thousand peranns were immediately made flee, it muss
inevitably be productive of the worst consequences. A t all event.,
emancipating any number.would be an experiment, the risk of
which should be borne by the public, and not by the planters. Bit:
the planters were told that they were indebted to the value of the;t:
slaves. niintts of that which they gain by what is called taste un-
just monopoly. This would be similar to a case where a person
gave up a part of his property for a road or barrack, and when be
applied for compensation, should be told, " 0 certakly you are en-
titled to compensation. inus what you derive from what a Noble
Lord opposite (Lord King) would call, that most' unjust system
the fawn Laws." The cases were parallel, and whether the mono-
pnly of the Colonists was joat or unjust, the questions stood upon
the same ground. lie (Lord Dudley and Ward) assured theta
Lordship that his private interest in the Colonies was very small,
too small to have weighed with him, if he did not think there was
justice due to other persons. It was under this impression that ha
addressed their Lordahips. He feared that, under the name of hi.
Inanity, snme persona proposed to sweep igray the moot ordhrir i
principles of Justice. At the conclusion of the petition the peti-
tioner% had proposed what their Lordships would, probably, coneitles
somewhat extraordinary. They prayed that Government would
take their whole property at a valuation, anti then try what expert-
ments they wished upon it. Ile did not think Government would
he disposed to consent to a proposition for taking into their own
hands the whole island of Antigua; but he often thought that the
improvements recommended should first be tried on a small scale,
and confined to colonies in the immediate possession of Color..
meat.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL apprehended, that in point of form,
the petition coald only be received as coming from the Speaker of
the House of Assembly. This was a matter of Parliameutcry die-
cuesion which he should be glad to have settled. No doubt the
Colonial Assemblies should have some means of stating theit
grievances. It was most important that they should have such
means, if it was admitted, as nu doubt it was, Was the Legislating
of this country had the right of legislating for the Coloores. lie
did not wish to press the matter to an immediate derision, but he
thought the consideration one of ronsiderable importance.
After a few observations from the Earl of LAIrDERDALE
sod Viscount 51 ELV I I,LE, upon the question or form,
Lord CALTHORPE rose, and claimed the attention of 'Atte
.Lordships, whilst lie offered a few observations in reply to the
Noble Lord who presented the petition. He said the Colonists, by
their own acts. and by the resistance which they had offered to the
measures of Government, had brought down heavier reproaches
and more obloquy on themaelvee, than had been heaped on than
by any party in this country. Persons in this country were justly
warranted in throwing odium on the Colonists, until they acted con-
formably to reason anti the principles of humanity. The charger
made against the abolitionists were altogether unfounded. The Noble
Lord charged them with desiriqg a sudden and precipitate change;
but he (Lord Calthorpe) bell ed, that if the language of the shit-
Ittionists was examined, it would be found that they had uniformlw
advocated measures which should be brought into operation gra -
dually. The Colonists were amenable for the dreadful height of
iniquity which was now to be found prevaßing in the colonies ; anti
he ( Lord Calthorpe) Would he glad. and would be the first to hall it.
if they could come forward and clear themselrea from the reproacms
showered upon them, in a manner more satisfactory to the Home
than they had yet done.
Lord DUDLEY' and WARD explained. Ile had said that the
anti-slavery party were liberal in their reproaches, and that nits
palm...ell retorts from the Colonists. As to the second charge. o..it
a portion of the abolitionists pressed for a sudden change, iir eel
not think it unfounded. The Noble Lord (Calthorite) himself was
reported to have expressed his desire that the abolition shoold taxa
place during the life time of a very celebrated public character
(Mr. IVilberforce) who, it was well known, was advanced in yam..
If an abolition should take place before the death of that eminent
man, he (Lord Dudley and Ward) thought himself warranted in
saying it would be a sudden abolition.
Lord CALTHORPE explained. Ile had never used the ex.
Invasion imputed to him. At a meeting of the Ansi-Slavery So-
- ctety, won after the retirement of Mr. Wilberforce, he had sail,
a : N 0.30, STRAND. that even before that illustrious man's death he hoped he would agg
THE BOAR of the CAPE; or, the FORTUNATE 'a-visible and satisfactory approach made to a final abolition, arid
EMBELLISHMENT, by such a prospect enjoy that reward of Ilk labours which was y:t
There is a wild boar at the Cape of Good Hope withheld from him.
(We understood that, at the suggestion of the fiord Eliaocellor,
With whom if by choice or by chance you should cope, the petition was finally ordered to be referred to &Committee. of
Take care of your legs—fbr these first are his prey ; consider the point of form referred to by the Earl of Liverpool.l
Aware without legs that you can't run away !* CORN LANVS.
Inclin'd on a settler this prowler to feed, Lord KING presented a petition from the borough of Preston,
The etrat,rec was put to his uttermost speed ' praying for a repeal of the Corn Laws. Ile said that the district in
The wild waste athwart, but the boar faster ran, which the petitioners reside suffered much from the dead weigh::
And nearer still drew to the terrified man, He called the petition a petition against pauperism and famine, es
Exhausted who fell, and awaited his doom— by law establiahed ; whenever corn was 'shove 7th. the quarter, it
A horrible death in vitality's tomb ! would have arrived at a famine price, and there was no saying th 6 i
Instinctively taught first to maim, and then slay, in the course of the year it might not amount to that famine mi.:a.
The resolute savage now rushed on his prey; This was a question in which, on the one side, there was the brat -
But suddenly staid his ferocious pursuits, lords, and on the othet the general interests of the country. It WWI
Subdued by his shade in the settler's bright boote, power against reason and
safe Idea, up massy and fly !" ustice, and he was confident the bust
Some observing Hottentots now raise the cry—
would triumph In the mid. It would certainly triumeh, if' tha
e. Save legit
Noble • Fool (Liverpool) was not controlled and comiteractto
,
When roused from his stupor, and conscious apace, by those who had other views besides the public good. It int
The settler now wing'd o'er the dentin his pace; system was rsevered in, by what magic-
could re prevent-our ma.
The boar in his rear, but of wrath all unstrung, nufactures from being transferred to other -countries, where the ue-
And foll'wing in fancy the friend of its young I ceasaries of life were so much more moderate, and the prods on
And thus was the curious adventure stistolo'd, capita Las great ? and if this consummation should arise, how could
'Till harbour and 'tarty the party soon gained; the misery which ntust follow be answered for 2
When receding fast from the dwellings of man, The Marquis of SALISBURY wondered why the Noble Lorci
The boar to his haunts unmoleetedly ran. (King) did not bring forward a specific motion for the repealut
the Corn Laws. The course he was now pursuing had no other
"'Twits Warren's Jet Blacking that ended the strife." effect but to stir up the manufacturers against their heat friends--
The settler exclaim'il, " and has saved teas my life I" Reshot those persons to whom they were principally indebted k 4
And Warren's Jet Blacking, now hailed as the cause their prosperity. The manufacturers, he contended, depended
Of safety, was shouted with rapt'rous applause ! principally on the landholders. (Hear.)
The circumstance noon even to Cape Town was spread, Lord KING said he could not hying forward the pill he woula
Each fact multitudinous evlidetice backing ; wish to bring forward. He wished to bring interatal a Ben WWI
And now say the settlers, " lloth danger and dread duties, which he underetnod could not originote 10 that House. Ift
To shun, use the splendor of Warren s Jet Blacking." he could bring forward such a Bill he' wo.do so to.m.wraw.
*lt tea singular fact that this ferocious animal uniformly breaks The Earl of LAUDERDALE thought it would be much mute -
the legs before taking the life of its victim. manly it the Noble Lord brought forward a specific motion t but •
This easy_shining and brilliant Blacking, prepared by BORE The believed that would not auk. his purpose. he Noble Leal
'WA RREN 311, Strand, hoodoo; and sold ososWay Want in e .knew.nothing of the merits of this question, if he thought dig.
kingdom. l'Aqwwl, in bottles. 64. 10d. Ilir arotlett,,,apre.. those who opposed a free trade in earn gushed dm 'poor to have dese.
Paste Blacking, in POI, Catt. 121. kart Ilkl4aclt., 4.2lillaa*.litt ,blead, .In the telgn of charlos 11. corq moat Dam risen to lik of
,pf fame is aqui to fair la beigo Of 14,14 • ' alg Vasa monoyintorfs 1.1 could be OPuttaValka gWI SO* 0
. . •

HERNIA EFFECTUALLY RELIEVED.—Not.
withstanding the prejudice which always attends the intro-
duction of new inventions, upwards 01/0.000 of the PATENT
SELF.ADJUSTING TRUSSES have been made by the
Patentees, SALMON, ODY, and CO., and are recommended by
the most eminent Surgeons in town and country ; are also allowed
by the afflicted to possess Utility, ease, and convenience, not to be
met with in any other invention; will answer for right or left side;
the pressure can be increased or decreased, as the complaint re-
quires; and are applicable to every species of hernia in either sex
at all ages, requiring no undarstrap or any galling bandage.
Persons in the country are requested to send the circumference
of the body an inch below the hips
N.B. '1 o oreeent imposition, please to observe that SA LION,
ODY, and CO, "STRAND, LONDON, is marked upon the
leather case.

Sold hr one ex more IDingglat in every city and principal town
in the Unted kingdom.
