IP/PAL INTELLIWE'NCE.

,

3RIX11•11, NOV. 17.
Arrived here this afternoon Sir E. Gower, Vice-
Admiral of the White, in the hie of 50 gam, with
seven sail of merchant ships, under convoy ; she
had seventeen sail under convoy when she left New.
foundland, but the others have parted.

HARWICH, NOV. Is.
, Captain Hamilton, that sailed
with the Mails of the tith,
arrived here yesterday, haring
nine days, the quickest pas-
The Earl of Leireder packet,
iys before express tor Mon-
ch Gottenburgh till after His
had departed from thence in
'es, having been forced into
of weather ; in consequence
Hamilton arrived betbre
imediately cFspatched with the
landed here yesterday morning.
seam time back, reached Yar-
, Gottenburgh. in 56 hours, with
i voyage equally extraordinary to
ickneas.

Captain Hearn; Diana,
'rinre of /moles, Captain Anthony
Fr ores, C,sptain Flyn ; sailed
fails of the 16th. and Since that
detained here, for Husum and
PLYMOUTH, Nov. 17.
Paused by to the Eastward, the Iris man of war,
with a fleet under conro,y for Newfoundland.
Came on the French sloop Voir/gear, laden with
wine and brandy, from Bourdeaux, captured by the
Doris frigate.
ratmouris, sine. 16.
Sailed the Tosiinsie:d packet. Captain Dridd, with
a mail for Lisbon ; Om, packet. Captain Pitto.rson,
with a mail for New-York; amitha ila,v,fre packet,
Thompson, with ditto, for Barbadoes and Jamaica.
—Wind S.E. •

• LIST.
the Resolutirm,Shephard,
tom New York ; littn”httrat,

Zok man Portia; and
lboa ; Dover, Itedpath, from
I; Ehaabe.;„, Anna
friends, Pink, from Embdett.
Lori Ithan, Ifurchinson; and the

4,1110• Cr, AA/111MM; JIM3iC3,
tchins, fix Jamaica; Princes
Leviathan, Jackson; and the
Lad• N 13,,un0n, for
tYive Branch, Vlrandford,
iide, f3r Switiam ; Lady
n, Sher wood, for Grenade ;
Pro rev:, Frost, for Dominica ;
Lndraght, Men.; 'row Hen-
-, and Tye Gebruders,

HIPS.

on Saturday put up at

tranmsitted by the Secretary
Department to the Lords
iralty is as follows:
Hrite'lt shisacloot shall 4uffet 311
4; ago.% for the lfainburgh
E% der River nu account of
ler of shipwreck is matntetnt,
t. 4, and the•eby to prevent the
srit.rs vrould incur, litho
Cotfe,:-Liou.e.
ballast belnthong to Hamburvh
11111,11*r of being repaired uncle,
further the note Greenlandproceed Us boll.ot from Ton

, of one which was on
lohn Bennet, jun. to be
' Room of this house, by
of Me,srs. Pedder
,ving been posted, was
the Committee to be
not conceive it possible
been obtained at the
• the Foreign Depart-
under the pretext of
which the British Un-
generally insure these
's," and for the purpose
c offices therein named, if
obtained and issued, as by
maturity and for the he-

s that an order to the
dirc:ted and issued to
agreeably to th.• direction of
a Department, but only With
posilve cod violates, d'art's.
Secretary of the Foreign De-
that man order was ob-
,xt of ner.ssay, tt•tt ehourJ

napped.
The tinder Secretary stated, that upon applica-
tion from the Committee to His Majesty's Principal
Secretaiy of State for the Foreign Department, a
copy of the representation upon which the said order
was issued might no doubt be obtained.
The Committee do nut understand what sinister
r motive may be intended to be produced by this ap-
plication ; but the seizure of the cargo of the l'rvx
Anna Mar:arc:la, front Hull to Tonningen, the or.ly
vessel known to them to have put into the Elbe this
year by stress, or pretended stress of weather, and
subsequent confiscation thereof by the Prench, is
perhaps the best evidence of the effeft it seems must
likely to produce.
Satomzv, •i 17, 1834
A paper has been pot up at Lloyd's this morning,
stating, it appeared to the Committee, that the order
from the Secretary of State's Office had not been ob-
tained by Messrs. Pedder and Bluhm.

-
An indecent outrage was committed on Wednes-
dsy last by nearly two hundred labouring men from
St. Giles's and oilier places, on the mourners return-
in horn Breton's borial.ground, in Church-lane,
Whitech.ipel, whose cloaks and scarfs they tore to
pieces, oa prrtence that the person who had been
Just buried, and died insolvent. owed money to some
of them. They asked the father of the deceased,
who is a poor man, to pay them; and when he or-
inean achy, they vented their fury upon him.
Sigh much idilliculty they were dispersed.

POLAND.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRITISH PRESS.

Mr. EDITOR,

Of the two ways severally adopted by wise men
and fools, to estimate a thing, that is to say, by the
evidence of one's own senses, and by the notions of
other people, I hope I may be excused for adhering
to the first, as likely, in general, to be the safest.
I have observed, that ever since the regality of Po-
land was extinguished, and its dominions incorpo-
rated with those belouging to states of firmer tex-
ture and stronger constitution, this memorable event
has never been mentioned but with some conco-
mitant note of execration or of regret ; not (as it
should seem, upon tracing up the truth) because
Poland is believed to be really a jot the worse off
tnr the adventure ; but merely, and for no better
reason, than that it cost her the name and external
attributes of a free and independent state. This ex-
tinnion of a form has, indeed, been spoken of
with so much enthusiasm, and with so little know-
ledge or refle,lion, that one would almost suppose
that not only the name and political constitution,
but the very terra firma of Poland, with all the
material goods, chattels, and inhabitants upon it,
had been swept away from the face of the earth !
The honest Poles themselves, however, in the mean
while, appear to have suffered but very little (and
that but temporary) inconvenience by the accident ;
while, on the other hand, they have derived from it
advantages of substance and reality, and of inestim-
abia value and extent. While newspapers and
pamphlets, and the cant of modern philanthropy,
have been deluging Europe with tears of regret for
the supposeti annihilation of Poland, Poland herself
seats to have' one through the affair with perfea
composure, and even to have suspefted that she had
been quizzed by these generous philosophers ;
since (excepting the isberty of cutting one another's
throats) she could not but be conscious that her
people never had any "liberty" to extinguish, nor
herself any " independence," Chat she could possibly
sustain, or that would chi her an; good if she could
sustain it. Every thinking man Among them ap-
pears to have looked upon the oration which
could insensibly blend the tranquillity arid safety of
a whole people into the very stroke. that was to blot
their country out of the catalogue of independent
nations, not as an injury, but as a seasonable, im-
portant, and decisive blessing. It at once extin-
guished
all the animosities of an universal and in-
cessant spirit of falion, all the frauds, all the vio•
lences, in short, " the whole hell" of an dative
monarchy ; wind), after all, was ,w monarchy—but
an unwieldly, political deformity ; inexplicable to
human understanding, impraaicable by human
agency. The history of Poland, while it L'af Poland,
is proverbially the history of cabal, turbulence, and
bloodshed. No man, remembering, or in the slight-
est degree informed of what that country seas, can
possibly repine at what she is : she enjoyed no one
good before her dismemberment : she has suffered
nn one partial or appropriate evil since. Particular
demagogues, here and there, among them, may
have taught their little faaions to dream they
wanted a King—or a Consul—or assaher
or insreltherty ; but it does not appear that the peo-
ple have wanted happiness: if they have not (like
the French), been sluiced with liberty, they have,
however, escaped the inundation of licentiousness ; ,
while they have also enjoyed the operative benefit,;
of much better things—general conciliation, social
order, powerful proteaion, and political safety.
I want then to be informed by these swage, who,
for so many years past, have kept the prejudices
of Europe alive by incessant clamours over the
" fallen felicities of degraded Poland," who have
so long amused the rabble with echoes of " gene-
rous resentment" against " tyrants, oppressors,
violators, and plunderers," against " slavery, ra-
pine, peculation, degradation, and depredation ;"
what is to be understood by all this? I want to
know, how a country, incapable, almost, by nature,
of an " independence," that, could it be supported,
would be but a splendid incumbiance (of no more
use to it than independency would be to the county
of Rutland), how a country so circumstanced could
have been " degraded," by merely losing its name,
and getting rid of a few distempered individual
spirits that kept it in continual alarm by violent
pursuits of impossible objefts ? I low a country could
have been " injured," that has acquired peace, safe-
ty, and all the common social benefits of the States
they are annexed to, in exchange for Cation, out-
rage, and incessant ? Clow k just and amiable
Prince could have been 44 unfortunate" for having,
in the bosom of a dignified and happy r •tirement,
lived to witness effefts so decisively beneficial to the
people beloved ? In short, why the wield cohtinnes
to rave against the cure of a dreadful malady—
against the happiest consequences that could result
from wisdom and philanthropy ? This matter surely
must have been mistaken ; and, however, these sen-
timents may be stigmatised, as savouring 414' the
school of I lobboes, I cannot but conclude, that, in
vilifying the authors of so salutary a measure, we
have been abusing some of the truest friends that
misery could excite to aaion ; and traducing one of
the most glorious works that could have been effected
for the relief of suffering humanity. The experience
of years has now decided this Case j and spleen and
prejudice themselves can say no worse of the parti-
tion of Poland, than that it cheated a magnanimous
people out of misery and danger, or swindled them
into comparative happiness and safety.

The French army in Hanover, including the ter-
ritory of Osnaburgh, c9nsists now of 27,348 men,
of which ~013 are cavalry, with 5,007 horses.
His Excellency, the Cardinal Legate, has ad-
dressed to the French Bishops the following letter.
on the subjeklt of the Pope's journey to Paris :
Mote . not doubt, that, throughout all France,
tie Tenho 1 will think it necessary to put up the must ardent
prayers to heaven to pour down its beiledictioa, upon our meet
holy Father Pope Pius VII. who is about to leave Rome to re-
pair to Paris. it is customary, when Sovereign Pontiff, under-
take long joureies, to ordain public prayers, particular:y in the
ptace, th:ough which they pass. Nothing can be itiorc agreea-
ble to hi, Holiness, than to receive, under such circumsta:i
on the part of the people, the public testimony of their retie-
rat' and use towards :,nn. 1 have, therefore, thought pro-
per to trati,niit you the first rit prayer used at Rnme 0,, similar
evasions, in order that the most perfect uniformity may pro.
vial in all the churches in France.*

The French Government have prohibited the in-
trodußion of India nankeens, with the exception of
such as may be taken in English prizes.

---

COAL EXCHANGE. Nos. 16
gee Cost r, us the root, per Chaldrou 635. 6d.
Dolsverod to Housekeepers at 754. 6d.
S.indseland, per Chatdroa 535. N.
Dslsmail to Llssutukeepat at Os. 011.

The Dorset packet,
from hence on the iiti
for Gottenhurgh, arr
made the voyage in
sage ever known. '
that sailed some da)
sieur, did not reach
r Royal Highness hal
the Prince of ,Tra,e
Norway, by stress c
of which, Captain
him, am! was immt
mails, which were Li
l' Captain Hamilton, se
mouth Roads. tr,°,tin C
the same packet ; .t r
• the present, for quick
The Prince of tr,
LC aptais Stuart ; Fria
Deane ; and Lady Fi
is day with the Mai
s have been so long de
Gottertburgh.

FROM LLOYD'.
G . ND, Nov. IS --Ptreorl be el
Jamaica; Flora, Si •rhng, foim
+Janice, hum St. A..dern; Ventrotilee
thsSt. Johann F'S, - (I om E.lboa
Riau Isis, Gavel', from Meowl; E
IM, Eames; anti the Two Friends
Sailed the 'Active, Millen; Levi ohm'
Rritannirs, Tat !, fin Tnni4 Ad ; Hanoi
C..rke; and the Alfred, Hutchins,
' Royal, Muir i Elint, Munrick ; Levi
Favourite, Holman, for Heim:rata ; L
St. Kitt's .' Flora, Young ; and the C
~Idtorkedoes: Britanni.., Ihlryinirl
nryhn, Burgess; and tire goeen, !
iskesbury, Koller; and the Novel
Picente, Rutgfies, for Varell; Ends;
'sick, Kurmer; Jonge Gonna,
.......—...., for Ernbden.
I NEUTRAI, SF!
--....
I The following Papers were 01
-Lloyd's Coffee-house :
, Copy of the Order transmit;
of State for the Foreigo Dena'
Commissioners of the Adinirxl
That the Commander of the tinted
I..eestel; bound to Tonuingen with e
market, which cannot enter the E.
mess of weather, and where danger
pals up the Llbe It vet un.nole+4 il, a
P Wenn which th*lleitislilhad r vrit.n
ray insure th.s• steels rig Lloyd's C.
And also to permit vevagain ballad
to pa." on the Elbe, for the porno,.
the .lireolon of the owner: ; and furt,
Whips, contormahl• to a List, to pro
Mom to tisioborgii unmole.ted.
1 The annexed paper, copy c
Friday delivered to Mt. John
stuck up in the Subscribers' it(
Mr. Bluhm, of the house
and Bluhm, and after havir
direfied by two Islendrers ~t t
taken down, AS they could not
that an order could have hi
Secretary of State's Office for
iinent, as it is therein asserted,
"a
thereby preventing the losses
derwritersliwould incut who i
ivessels and cargoes at Lloyd's,
,pf inquiry at the respeelive off
loch an order had been obtains
inference of and under the aut
Befit of 1.1,yd',.
At the Admiralty it appears
died of permission, has been •
I Admiral Lord Keith, agreeahl
the order of the Foreign Depa
. the e.rpreis coidsiso.l tr aaiilive a
From the Upder Secretary
pamrient it is understood, th;
tamed solely under the pretext i
so happea.
The tinder Secretary stated,
