the .2.31 September, I SOti, public revenue being
already mortgaged up to that time, by the Mock
Emperor, and his Revolution.try Financiers. In the
eonduCt and ceconomy of our theatres, we ilad re•
peated disappointments precede the perltn in tr.c_ or
a new piece, upon which the Man tger place; ex tr it-
ordinary value, and looks to as a source of great
profit. A, no man is a greater adept in ch., sci.nice
of stage etrea, or a more skilful praClitioner than
BONAPARTE, some speculators conclude, that he
has postponed the farce of his Coronation, from
day to day, for the purpose of raising public ex-
peetation to the highest possible pitch, and bring•
ing the piece out with the more extraordinar y edat.
This may be, no doubt, one reason of the delay ;
but it is also probable that the want of ways and
means adequate to the gratification of his boundless
vanity may be another e.iu Illy operative. A fail-
ure of the expelled tribute from Spain, of the con-
tributions expeCted from the Hance Towns, must
greatly abridge the scale of his intended expenses ;
and it is not yet known, that his order to shut the
Dutch ports against British commerce of every kind
will operate as a financial measure, and produce the
enormous sum, for which he may yet condescend,

in his great afreetion for that oppressed people, to

rescind the order. That these observations arc well
founded, the history of farmer revolutionary up-
starts in Prance and their revolutionary pageantry
clearly shews. The expences of ROIMPILRRE'S
Court were supported by the persons of rank and
property in France, whom he confined in dungeons,
or released by the operation of the guillotine. The
Sultans of the Committee of Public Safety, and the
Paellas of the Direetory, all glittered in gold and

rioted in luxury, at the expence of those whom
they had reduced to slavery and rags. By whom
is the splendour of his present Revolutionary Ma-

jesty's illustrious throne maintained ? By the free,
patriotic donations of the free and happy inhabitants
of France, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Germany, Swit-
zerland, and Holland; all indebted to N•POLBON
the First, for the preservation of their liberty and
rights, for the rested shewn to their independence, for
the as,' el,' of their property, and fur the au:milt:lion
of their wealth and prosperity ? It is true, that in most
of these countries, privileged spies and constitutional
gem d'arptes, in and out of livery. plunder and im-
prison without interruption, whilst proteded gaolers
torment. and executioners of honour dispatch in per-
manence; but it is also true, according to the hypo-
theses of modern r hilosopiters, and the calculations
of modern metaphysicans, that the wrctchedpess
of millions is often necessary, and of course per-
mitted, to procure power, and support the usurpa-
don of an individual, though e,Tr so :silty or
ever so obontre. As this detrine is defended
by the all•powerful arguments of the bayonets,
Frenchmen must subscribe to it, and proclaim,
that NA rot eon is not oniy the most proper to
rule, but that the subtaissire Continental nations,
which bear the yoke with such admirable patience,
are the most fit to be the miserable slaves of his most
revolutionary MAJEST Ir. These observations may
be necessary to silence the anti-revolutionary re-
marks of envious Englishmen, who are still deprived
of the blessing of the Government of a revolutionary
Emperor, and are therefore incompetent judges of
its invaluable comforts. 'I hese ditfic:l:ties removed,
it remains to shew to the world, that the expenses of
one revolutionary Coronation ought to surpass those
of tea legitimate Princek, A revolutionary Monarch
must keep up armies of spies, as well as armies of
soldiers; regiments of placemen, and battalions of
pensioners, burthensome, but not useful to an here-
ditary Sovereign. The former must elevate his low
parents, brother s, or sisters, to Princes or Princesses,
enrich his h!,:;,; Irly relatives, and support, by eater•
seal straw and caravagance, the want of internal
merit and manners; whilst the date of the rank,
as well as the possessions and domains of the rela-
tions of the latter, is lost in archives of ages ; and,
barn to be great and eminent, no artificial lustre
is required to male them conspicuous. By the
former, a revolutionary Nobility must be created,
educated, cloathed, and fed ; whilst the hereditary
Nobles of an hereditary Prince, with their for-
tunes, as well as with their talents, support and
serve the state. With as many rivals as equals by
birth or bj mine, the former must surround himself
and his courts with satellites, satraps, and mutes ;
his guards mu•,t be an hundred times more nume-
rous than that of the latter ; having iso equal ; fear-
ing no rival; guarded by the hearts, and not by
the arms of his sublets. From these, and a thou-
sand other contrasts, who shall dare to complain, if
two hundred millions of livres, including ten mil-
lions to the POPS, and six to the Sacred College.
are indispencible for the Coronation of NA Po'.
L RON Ist, whilst the coronation of Lot. is XVI. cost
no more than eight million of livres ! If one hun-
dred and ninety-two millions were paid by the an-
cestors of the French during the fourteen cen-
turies the Bourbons reigned, whilst the present
race, with their contemporaries, are to pay at
ewe, and eh aims', two hundred millions, as the

Axed tes'ee for a revolutionary Eroperxr, of a revo-
lutionary dynasty. But to console even those, not
consoled by what we have already said, and who
lore their money more than the elevation of Nero-
t.r.iv, oe can announce, from the authority of the
revuluti,lna.y minister of the revolutionary trea-
sury, that France an,' Frenchmen are to pay but a
small part of the expences of the Coronaton.—
A paper has been circulated at Paris, eiveltled " An
authentic List of Sovereigns, Subjeas, and St ttes,
who are to contribute to the expences of the Corona-
tion of His Imperial Majesty N•isoaeoN I. Em-
peror of the French." It is supposed to have been
pnblished by the authority of his Excellency, M.
Matraots, for the purpose of preventing the dis-
content which such extravagance is so well calcu-
lated to produce. In this list of plunder we find—
The Princes of the Empire, in gratitude for past,
and in hope of future indemnities, are to pay
30,000,000 of livres—The Hanse Towns, for the
preservation of their privileges, ar.d the increase of
their commerce, 20,000,000—The Batavian Re-
public, for the respea shewn to her independence,
and the augmentation of her incredible prosperity,
30,000,000—The Helvetic Republic, for her Lan-
damman, for her liberty, and for her equality,
10,000,000—The Italian Republic, for her M/jesoi
President, for her independence, and for her crosses
of the Legion of Honour, 30,000,000—The King
of Navies, for the invasion of his kingdom, in
time of peace, 10,000,000—The King of SPAIN,
for the gracious permission of a tributary neutrality,
40,000,000—The Regent of PORTUGAL, for the
blessing of having only one French Ambassador at
Lisbon, whilst His ROYAL. HIGHNESS has two
Ambassadors at Paris, '20,000,000 Remain
to be paid by the Great Nation, for the Great
Coronation of her Great Revolutionary Em-
peror, 20,000,000; a mere trifle for a great peo-
ple, so greatly free, so greatly happy, so greAly
prosperous, so greatly virtuous, so greatly content-
ed, and so greatly submissive.

Yesterday morning, the Princess of W L Er, the
Dukes of Cum nen AND and SUSiF.X, and a number
of the female Nobili:y, visited Iler NIAJESTY and
the PRI NC ESSIII.

Yesterday, about 5 o'clock, Ills MAJESTY ay.:iv-
ed, in his travelling carriage, from Kew, at the
QUEEN'S House. In a short time after, His MAJES-
TY gave auliences to the Logo CHANCELLOR and
Lord HAWEESBUR Y. Alter which, His MAJESTY
held a Privy Council.
There were present at the Council tte Lon
Cil ANCEL LO2, the Duke of MONTROSE, the Marquis
of HERTFORD. Earl CAMDEN, Lords II AWKESRORY
and MuLcaav►, and Messrs. W. DUNDAS and
CANNING. The Council broke up at about half
past four o'clock; when His Man:sr v gave audi-
ences to Earl CAMDEN and Lord ARD LN.

About six o'clock, His MAJESTY left the QUEEN'S
I,,lowie.fiir Kew. _ _

In the evening, Her MAJESTY had a sch Et party
at the QUEEN'S House.
Yesterday the Duke of KENT dined with Their
MAJZST 1 LS.

Dispatches were received on Weklnes lay from Ad-
miral Conswn Leis. 'the Channel Fleet has resumed
its old station off Brest. Nerwithst..nding the late
favourahle weather, and easterly winds, the French
flotilla tam, since our successful experiment, have
sever beeu able to muster at a time above a dozen
of vessels of every description outside of Boulogne
harbour.

Admiral Douai. AS is to have the command at
the Nore during the absence of Admiral Rowi.cv.

The from Bristol, for Bathadoes, is
repined to be captured by a privateer of six guns,
in sight of Barbadoes.
Sir HOMR POCUASI, in the absence of Admiral
Louis, commands on the Dungeness station.
The name of the English Agent at 1 lusum is not
11 A swoon, as st ited in the French papers, but How.
Ago. We believe he is a relative of the Duke of
NoRIOLK.
The 13 persons lately tried at Rouen, upon a
charge of conspiring against the life of the Emperor,
are the tail of Pie is ~m's alleged conspiracy, and
are not charged with any new plot.
A letter from Portsmouth, received yesterday,
gives a melancholy detail of the loss of a vessel
from Ulu-altar, near the entrance of Chichester bar.
bour. Every precaution, however, appears to have
been taken to prevent any communication wi;I: the
survivors of the unfortunate passengers and crew,
who have been put on board another vessel, for the
purpose of being brought to Standgate Creek, to
perform quarantine. Several persons, who had had
communication with the survivors, have also been
put tinder quarantine Cbichtster Harbour.
The following are the exad dimensions, tonnage,
&c. of the Hibernia, launched List Saturday:--
1 &I, 24, MI, and 9-pou3der, . 130 Guns
Leagth of keel . . . • . 107 Feet.
Prom Seem be.d t 3 talf,A . • 241
unn-ckek . • • . • • 201
Extreme breadth . . . . 5.3
Depth
Hold
Tonnage . . • • . 249nTmie.
She is the largest man of war ever launched in
England, and of the greatest force.
The following Gentlemen have been called this
Term to the Dever of Barristers at Law, by the
Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn,
_ viz. Ham e v
BERM, Esq. Hon. Wt 4. LAIIID, Teo. Mins env,
E's,{ Gtoaot Miriam Av Lassa, Esq. Cumin.s.s
Cent's. Nees, Esq. and Wm. Fut.sta Borsssa,
Es
Ifq.
all the Volunteers in Great Britain, according
to Mr. Vomits's enumeration, were placed in a single
line, each man, at eighty-three yards distant from
the other, they would extend round the globe : and
were each man to fire in sue. ession, in the manner
of light infants , they would fire one round iu five
jays, eighteen bouts, and fifty-fir:
