AMERICA.V P4PER.I.

Yesterday we received a file of American Papers to the
Bth January. Their contents are uninteresting. The fol-
lowing are extracts:—
WASHINGTON, JAN. 1.
Yesterday a message was received from the President, commu-
nicating a list of papers relating to the conduct of the Greeks,
which was ordered to be printed. Nothing else of importance has
been before Congress. This day, notwithstanding the inclemency
of the weigher, an unusual number of permits waited on the Pre-
sident of the United States, so offer him the compliments of the
season. This has always been the custom. The rooms were
crowded to overflowing. All the heads of the departments, except
the Secretary of the Treasury. all the foreign Ministers, and Ge-
neral D'Evereux from Colombia, were proem.
Ccienates—ln the senate, on Friday, a letter was received
from the Secretary of State, stating that a. portrait of Colunibus
had been teteltd at his department, presented to Congress and
the nation by O. 0. !Jarrell, 641. American COIIPIII at Malaga.
Mr. Lowrie presented two memorials from Philadelphia for a re-
vision of the wit Mr. Smith submitted a resolution, the object
of which is, to employ the corps of engineers to explore the country
between the Allegheny and Siitiquel,frina, with a view to connect
those waters by canals. Mr. llavne communicated to the Senate a
resolution of the Legislature of South Carolina, expressing the
sympathy felt by that body In the cause of the Greeks, and the
pleasure they should feel at the recognition of the independence of
that people. Mr. Holmes, of Maine. gave notice. that on Monday
next he should ask leave to introduce a bill the better to secure the
accountability of public officers.
In the House of Representatives, Mr. Poinsett euggeu:d to Mr.
Webster the propriety of postponing his resolution concerning the
Greeks, until the President should communicate information rela-
tive to the threatened interference of the HolyAlliince in the affairs
of South America. Mr.NVebster expressed great solicitude to take
up the Greek subject as soon as possible, but consented to let it lie
on the table a few days, aNI not to call it op this day—The Heuer
adopted the resolution of Mr. Brock, calling for a statement of our
trade with Greece, Asia Minor, end Egypt. They ordered the
Bill to a third reading for laying out a road from 51eraphis to
Little Rock. The annual report from tbs rietretary of the Trea-
sury was received, and 6,009 copses ordered td be printed.

JAMAICA PA PEli.g.
•
[Prom the Peg& Aditerdlerr.)
Kura:mon, bic. SS.
ST. Ogonatt'a..-fietteral rumours of the most alarming mum
having bee.; spread in this city respecting the negroes of the parish
of St. thaw. the Editor determined on eliciting the truth, end
proceeded to those parts of that parish which were stated to be in a
state of insurrection. He found guards stationed at Annott6 Bay,
at Buff Bay, and at Binh= M ood. The gnod folks at Annette
Bay were all staring at each ether, and were labouring under
visible anxiety. One told him that there was a new* at Balcones,
another that the whole parish along the Buff Bay river was in a
state of insubordination. It was also mated that the gaol at Bur
Bay was crowded with revolters. He then proceeded to Bur Bay.
and found in. the gaol at that village one negro named Henry
Oliver belonging to Balearics, who was taken up with a fowling.
piece in his hands, about to murder—a wild boar.

Pone Menta.—lifneesalion has been received In this city, that
a revolt was meditated at Frostier ratite, in St. Mary's nom Port
Maria. The design was to burn the town of Port Maria, and to
take advantage of the confusion thereby occasioned. Several of the
insurgents have bee secured, and if guilty, will, we trust, be
hanged. A negro le stated to have given information, and to have
implicated his father in the plot. The trnops, artillery. &c. are so
stationed as to be ready at a short warning. We give the news
from Port Maria, from the information of a gentleman from that
parish. We doubt not his fears exaggerated the matter. We are
aware hew our enemies may inveigh against us as traps/nen es
sacred ground, *ben we lay before our readers the state of the
country, but we contemn the cowardly policy which dictates
concealment. We are prepared, and it is right this feet should
be known. Besides, whispering la metre mischievous than public
statements.

Io consequopea— die a:dila of some Ametimen mods infected
with the small post quarantine laws are declared in force ea far as
re Philadelphis smelt The quarantine ground is that part
of Peet Roysl Nubile?, between the point of Peet Royal and tic
Apostle's Battery, called the Fairway, there to remain thirty days,
unless sooner discharged by the Health Oilkee,, under the superin-
tendence of 21r. J. R. bm, Quarantine (Hiker.

COWSPLIACY SUPPRESSED AT PORT.MAIIA.—A Special
Slave Court has been convened, seven regrow belonging to
Frontier Estate, end one to J. Eaq condemned to death
fur a meditated rebellion, sad design of burning Port-Maria. Us
death-warrant will be executed on Wednesday. What wya /fr.
Morning Chrouricle to this ?
The Rev. Alegre. Horse and Yowls opebed the New Ueda-
Chapel yesterday. A nuaterous swarthiest of all classes ofhs
moat were present. The Rev. Air. Young read the service, '
with but little variation, is the um* sit that of the Church
England. The Rev. Mr. Horne then preached a sermon, taking
for his test that part of fk. Matthew where our Saviour likens th►ii
kingdom of Heaven unto a little leaven, which being put into
three measures of flour leavened the whole., He then asked his
congregation if they were bakers? But we will not attempt ridi-
cule,- for the Rev. Castleman discoursed most ably ; he declared
be did not design classic allusion, but spoke t:otphsestancitiee of
his bearers. He disclaimed thy, intance with a, and
ealise arbi• hewer* sods their .* Amy their Matisse-
Hie sermon Is wholly the imitation or our reverendeglaa,
resMy, if sock ha his usual discourses, we taus he will long 0-
lighten the darts of this Wend with the true light of the Hovel.
His provincial accent may offend • fastidious ear, but we cannot
consider it as any way deserving ridicule. His manna carries the
appearance of sincerity, and his earnestness is Wee to draw atten-
tion.

It will, we are certain, be a source of weisfaction to the genuine
philanthropist to cilium the liberal subscriptions which have been I
made for the purpose of facilitating general education throughout
the pariah of Manchester. Such bir undertaking, pregnant with
general benefit, cannot be too highly appreciated—and we recom-
mend the subject to the consideration of the community.
Ilirceresta 23.

Extract of a letter from St. Mary's, dated the 20th :
" We have had the whole Regiment out, and seven rebellious fel-
lows, belonging to Frontier, have been taken up. Three were
tried yesterday, found guilty, and sentenced to suffer death. Four
more are at present on their trial, who, I have no doubt, will share
the fate of the others. We have not, as yet, any assistance from
the regulars.
" Sunday Morning—The four fellows who were on their trial,
have been convicted and sentenced to be hanged. The sentence
awaits the approval of his Grace."
Extract of another letter, dated the 21st :—" The militia here
have all been under arms since Tuesday, in consequence of a plot
being discovered among the negroes, which had for its object the
burning of the estates, and the destruction of all the white people;
those of Frontier estate and Port-Maria were to have begun the
insurrection. There were eight men, seven belonging to Frontier,
and one to Jaws Walker, Esq. condemned yesterday to be hang-
ed. The expresses to the Governor left Port-Maria at half-past
six last night. The head driver on Oxford estate was taken into
custody yesterday afternoon. None else has yet been discovered.
The negroes on the neighbouring estates seem perfectly quiet and
satisfied." _

"KIWOITOW, DEC. 13.
HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY, Dec. 11.
On Thursday Mr. Chignon, as Chairman of the Committee, ap-
pointed to inquire into what steps are necessary to be taken, in
consequence of information received from the Agent of this Island,
of proceedings adopted by the Have of Commons and his Majes-
ty's Ministers, in respect to Slavery in the British Colonies in the
West Indies, made the following Report to the House :

SI r. Speaker,—Your Committee, appointed to inquire and report
to the House, what steps are necessary to be taken, in consequence
of information received- from the Agent of this island, of proceed.
ings adopted by the House of Commons and his Majesty's Minis.
teas in respect to Slavery in the British Colonies in the West In.
dies, report—
That on the 15th of May last. Mr. Canning, one of his Majes-
ty's Secretaries of State, proposed the following Resolutions, which
were adopted by the House, sent. cow,
" That it is expedient to adopti:ffectual and decisive measures
for meliorating the condition of lbbw slave population in his 111ai,

restored tranqu'llity,hare been extetttled to their fellow-subjects in,
the Mother Coontr).
2d. lit-solved, rem. roe.—That this House cannot contemplate.
without sensations of astonishment and the most serious app►ehen_
•ion. the measum which have been adopted by theComitions House
of l'aeliament in their unanimous vote of the 15th of May last : as
if the machinations of a pow.-rfol and interested party wive not
sufficiently active for the work of destruction, the sanction of Minis-
terial authority halt been made subservient to their views, and a
decree has gone forth, wheteby the inhabitants of this once taluable
colony (hitherto esteemed the brightest jewel in the British Crown)
are destined to be offered • propitiatory sacrifice at the altar of
fanaticism.

1..-347/leaoleed, sew. etas. -That this House, composed of the
, Representatives of the people, are bound to guard the nghts of their
Constituents Resin," every endeavour that may be made to infringe
upon then. The House pause in awful expectation of the anise-
; quences which must result front the threatened innovations ; and,
whilst they wait the event, they are prepared to meet it. The blood
which flows in their veins, is Blind) blood, and their hearts are
I animated with the same fearless determination, which enabled their
ancestors to tesist with success every encroachment of despotic
P power.
nth. Resolved, WM. row—That the enactment of laws for the
internal regulation of the island is exclusively the province of. the
local Legislature, subject to the sanction and approval of his Ma-
jesty :—This I louse, however, s ill et all times receive with attention
and respect any suggestion of his Majesty's 31inistets relating to
• legislation, when offered in a consistent and becoming Manner, and
• will be ready to adopt such regulations as can be introduced with-
out hazard, and may appear likely to promote the welfare of the
island ; but the House canr.ot yield to any measure proposed for
• their consideration, when the unqualified nght of legislation is de-
nied, 'however specious the object may be, or however high the au-
' charity from which it emanates.
sth. Maxim' wee. coo.—That this House, impressed with • doe
sense of their own dignity, and the integrity of the colonial che-
wier, set at nought the malicious and unfounded aspersions which I
have been cast upon the inhabitants of Jamaica. Proud of their I
attachment to his Majesty, his family, and Government—devoted
to the interest of those th represent, and alive to the impulse of
humanity, the House need no pharisaical dictator to prompt them
to the discharge of their duty, but will, if left to their own guidasee,
steadily pursue that line of conduct, which comports with the loyalty
of their feelings, their regard to the safety, honour, and welfare of
the island, and the peace sod h,sppineas of their know-subjects mid
de
ig,;„lgneeese day Mr. Cox and Mr. Plummer were appointed
Cerneeittee to wait an Ms Grate the Governor with the following
MaIMA—T IT PLEASE TOUR GRACE.
" We are ordered by the House to wait upon your Gram, to ac-
quaint you, that in compliance with their Answer to the Speech
I your Grace was pleased to make at the opening of the present Ses-
sion, they have proceeded to a deliberate and careful revision of the
Consolidated Slave Law, and find it as complete in all its enact-
' ments, as the nature of circumstances will admit, to render the
Slave population as happy and comfintable in every respect as the
labouring classes of any part of the word. The House most so-
. lemdly assure your Grace. that they will at all times be ready (if
left to themselves) to watch and take advantage of every opportunity
if the religious and moral improvement of the Slave.%
No masks moth meliorating enactments as may be consistent with
died hairplitess„ and the general safety of the Colony ; but under
the Critical circumstances in which the Colony is now placed by
raison of the IMO proceedings in the British Parliament. the House
think the present moment peculiarly unfavourable for discussions,
which may have • tendency to unsettle the minds cf the negro
population, which the House have the greatest maws to believe is
at present perfectly quiet and contented."
Yesterday the engrossed amend el Memorial to the King was read
and agreed to. It is as follows:
" We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the As-
sembly ofJamalca, have of lateyears frequently prayed your Ma-
jesty to take our oppressed state into your royal consideration.
It is with pain that we once more remind your Majesty of our
grievances : our fellow-subjects in Greet Britain and Ireland have
been relieved of their burdens, but the sufferings of this Colony
have eves increased since our last addrem was presented to your
Majesty.
" Instead of repealing the War Duties on our produce, which
have reduced oar fonstituents to the condition of bailiffs on their
own land, the protecting duty on East India sugar hes been lowered,
and our eltuateon in consequence made worse than before.
" We are aware of the vast debt that was incurred during the
late war, and that a great revenue is necessary for the wants of the
empire; but your Majesty4s Ministers should assess your subjects
equally, and not confiscate the wealth of a few, who are weak and
at a distance, to lighten the contributions of the s:minder, who are
powerful, and who surround the seat of Government
. .

Andithii:
auntie meas
not toozeofdtimsattiendn its lesa
hat thpearpll:thboarnnde by
us, since
sources of Oran Britain multiplier during the war, and that her.
agrinabore, manufactures, and commerce wonderfully nourished,
while we, your Illejesty's West India subjects stfferad throughout
the contest all its disadvantages, in the increased difficulties of
navigation, in the higher price of British goods, and the reduced
nine Ontein owe.
" The conquest of the hostile Colonies by your Majesty's arms,
eausettthe British market to be overstocked' with our sommodities,
and the splendid triumphs of our Royal Navy, which gave birth
to the Decrees of the French Ruler, and to the retaliatory, orders of
year Majesty's Council, dosed every Continental port against us:
Thus, foe a considerable period, sugar Oid not repay the cost of pro-
durtitio, and co/se mold not find ciehasers at any price.
M " aimshe oar complaint' have rankled to the injustice of
oa t maim revami el Colony; but vs a* now
Mamma wish a new calamity, which, if It otertakes us, will
destroy even the hope we have always reposed in the beneficence of
year Majesty.
" Resolution, have been moved by one of your Majesty's Minis.
tem, and avoid to In the Lower House of Parliament, falsely as-
suming that the labouring population of this island are ill nested
and anhsppy, and voluntarily pledging that Ilouse to interpose in
their behalf, irith a view to their emancipation.
" It is our duty humbly
.to represent to yont Majesty, that we
have taken no oath of allegiance to the Imperial Parliament, and
that we cannot submit to the degradation of having our internal in.
kTeOta regulated by the Commons of Great Britatn, whose powers
within that realm are not superior to those which we, the Assent-
bly, have ever exercised within the Island of Jamaica.
"Should your Majesty's Parliament proceed in their attempt to
subvert our Constitution, and air for the Royal Assent any act
that arrogates an authority over the interior of our Island, we be-
seech your Majesty to reject the Act, and by that timely interpo-
sition of your Royal Prerogative, to save us from utter ruin.
" We need not point out do your Majesty's wisdom the certain
destruction that awaits the Colony, should the Negroes be taught,
that in as, their natural protectors, are to be found their enemies,
and in 6:distant country of Oven Britain their friends and libe.
ratan. When this new light bursts on their uninformed minds,
'Jamaica will soon be as lost to the mother-country, as St. Domingo
is to France.

" But trthis island is to be the scene of a dreadful experiment,
we claim that we may not be involved in the awful consetluences.
If slavery be an offence to Uod, so are anarchy, desolation, and
blood. Let your Royal Parliament become the lawful owners of
our property by purchase, and we will retire from the island. and
leave it a field for modern philanthropy to work upon. The Deity,'
who see, into the heart, is not to be propitiated by laying on his
shrine the possessions of our brethren, but only by the sacrifice of
what krour own to offer."

Sir M. B. Clare moved, That the Memorial to his Majesty should
be sent to the Island Agent, with directions that he should present
the same in the most acceptable manner ; and that he should after-
wards cause it to be printed in the several London Papers.—
Agreed to.
On the motion of Sir M. B. Clare, it was ordered that the Me-
morial to the King should not be published in any of the papers
of this island, until after the sailing of the packet now in port.
Mr. Brown gave notice, that he would next Session bung in a
Bill to repeal the Registry Act; and, if he failed, he would pro-
pose a Resolution not to pay in expences. Mr. Hyslop said he
would second him.
ST. JAGO DE LA VEGA, Nov. HI..

Our readers will recollect the affidavit of Mr. Hobtrtson, which
we laid before them some time ago, concerning the character and
description of the man Al eabry, who furnished theSainta with such
false and ungrateful evidence regarding Bushy Park estate ; and
on which the charges in • late pamphlet against these Colonies
were principally founded. We have lately seen two letters from
with

hEMFRARi.

TRIAL OF A NEGRO NA3!EI! .lACR.BELONOIRd

TO I'LA\TATION St'CCESS.

The Jamaicapipers Dec 211, contain the proceedings ed
Gametal Court Martial at Demerara. for the trial of a slave named
Jack, belonging to success Planation, for being concerned in are
late insurrection in that colony. The prisoner was the satend
leader of the insurrection, his father Quamina, of Simeon, bag
the chief. Twenty-one witnesses were called for the tion.
Atter they had given their testimony, the prisoner tired the foams
ing as part of his defence. The prisoner seems to have ban aware
of the feeling which had been excitedazaingt the Missionery.
Smith, and to have founded his hope of on on the success ebb
ea endvours to implicate that preacher in it s guilt.
About seven or eight necks before this rebelfiori, Cato, a hoe
man. mentioned to my father, Quamina, something about oar
freedom having come out. On further inquiry, *e beard from
Joe Simpson that it rest true 31r. Wilberforce was doing his beet
for us, end that if we would wait patiently, p new dove:new was
coming out, and if he did not give us our right, we must apply to
hint, and he would inform us of the re; vier way to get it. I win
soon afterwards to my friend Daniel, the Govettior's servant, to
learn what he knew about the matter. He said he had heard a
I little of it, and if it was a thing God had ordained for us, it would
be, but we ought to have a little patience. York, a negro of our
estate, told the that he bad heard an overseer of plantation Sew
Orange, Nassau, say that all the great men at home vitiated us to
be free, but our maim would not agree to it. About a week be-
fore 1 spoke to Daniel, a coloured woman, named Suasnnah, Mr,
Hamilton's housekeeper, said to me at chapel, that Mt. H. add
her we were all to have our freedom, but he did not think it would
be given to us, unless some sensible people went by forte about 14
and exacted a positive promise from the Governor. I asked what
she meant by force; the mid we should takg all the estate's areas.
and as soon as we had got possession of than, thee turn all die
*bites off the town she said, Mr. Hamiltdo cannot, and does not
deny this; lie don't care about himself, sa he was going away;
from the Colony, but only wished to have a Bet time to get awa,#
his stack and all his things. From that p until Sunday. the
17th August, Do regular plan was laid. y father, gumbo.
went the day to parson Smith, who told him we must en to map a .
little, until he trouhl get if paper, that was di be read to as. It
was agreed at our meetings that Billy and in* Reed were to eons
mend at Mahaics, and Telemachus and Sandy at ;llamado'
Bashelors' Adventure. Paris and Goodluck were to get the hods
alas commenced at the Thome, estate.
" Thine two men said they knew leo* tit get haw the dale 81111 •
told Park ff that was attempted we /bond all be samdardie tat
he replied, that is the only place where we ought togs midis Ws .
then settled to begin on Monday evening, the led Angell, and
take all the arms by force, and pot sal the white peopleideleselts,
to prevent their going to town and sending up neaps maw
light; but they were all to be permitted to go down th
day, after which we wee, me Fermis on the amt tat the Cletbense
should come Of send to know why we meted an. We did net wipes
it would have been Woods in town tin Turn* nor lag; but me
determined that no Injury should be done so the "bin panylo, to
prevent complaints against us.
Joseph and Bristol proposed to break up the brillges to proem
the troops coming. Richard hid been run away for dowel months
before this heels, and is extremely violent; he will do harm yet V
not taken, so 1 recommend his being secured at say expanse se
trouble, for he will be • tallying point for all the disafibeted
menses; be is not to be trusted. I hate now &deed every thing
I know that caused this business. On the Wedoeday eventog,
20th August, my father, Quamina, came tons at the grease
dam, with a basket containing sonic bread sod two beetles; be
told me he had 'just come from Parson Swift b, who told him, now we had begun, we must go on with it.
tt I have fired all my life upon Success, my master's estate, wberw
I was born thirty years ago, and where I have been always well
greeted, and done my duty content and happy. I cannot, aid do .
not, deny that I have been concerned in this eebellion ; bet I d..
dare solemnly that I would not have acted thus had I not been
told that we were entitled to our fiefdom, and that it was withhold
front us by our masters. Not only. was every deacon and member '
of the Church acquainted with it before it broke out, but MR
Parson Smith knew the whole plan. It was told Mm by my father
and Bristol, on Sunday, the 17th August. Bristol as tell you the
parson wanted us to wait. If be did not know what we owe cz
to do, would he have told us to wait ? I appeal to the
whether I have not prevented every mischief I could, and whether '
I have not even saved lives ; for, if blood had be axe abed. so
effort could haveropped it afterwards. Richard wan the bead man at
Success, and I never headed any title gang; I serer carded a gun.
but I will say fairly that I had a mamas, which I curried the tildes
time. I am satisfied that I hate had a fah trial, and thereftwe •
throw myself on the mercy of the Ceara. I have seen the anxiety
with which every gentleman has attended to the mama, and the
patience with which the 31ernbers hate listened to the crose.ezami.
nation of my witnesses. From the hour I was made prisoner by
Captain M'Turk up to this time, I have received the meet lumens
treatment from all the whites, nor bete I had a Angle insulting
expression from any white man, either in prison or anywhere else. •
Before this Court I solemnly avow, that many of the lessons and
other parts of the scriptures selected the us in Bethel Chapel, tended
to make us dissatisfied with our situation as slaves, and had theft
been DO Methodists on the East Coast there would have bean no
revolt. These deepest in the rebellion were the people In Passim
Smith's confidence. The harem of instruction we received I now
see we highly improper : it put those who mould read a little to
examining ire Bible, and selecting prates applicable to saw own
dtnation se slaves, and served to make us Idtel 114:4,'
owners, as we were not always able to miasma IMP asd
a'ackPlim .1 oalltlbave avowed dial* yen now
not wanaiblo ought to die every Minee matller my peat ere„
duet, and pat you on your guard in future. BtlOtman, wham,
may be my tate, I Alin submit to it with maignedmi."

REVOLT OF THE MILITANT AT *ALA, AND DREADFUL •
CATASTROTNE.—We are indebted to a gentleman of our
acquaintance here, for the perusal of a leuer received by hint t.
trim his brother, at Para, containing a detailed narrative
at an Insurrection amongst the soldiery there, to expel or
murder the Portuguese, and of a consequent deplorable
catastrophe, by which upwards of two hundred beings
came to a horrible death. The letter is dated on the
.20th of November, and was received by the Unity, ar-
rived here on Wednesday. Another account, published by
our contemporary, concludes by expressing some apprehen-
sions for the safety of our countrymen resident there,
as the lower classes were exasperated against them,
owing to the energetic conduct of Captain Grenfell (an
Englishman) of the brig of war Maranbad, who was •
mainly successful in putting down the revolt. But we
are happy to find by the letter we have received, that it '
was confidently thought that no further loss of property or '
life would ensue. The militia, together with the enrolled
natives and foreign inhabitants, would fonn a respectable
corps of preservatiod. The ammunition bad also been put
on board a vessel out of the reach of the molcontents, and
the ringleaders were no more.
By letters and papers from Demerara, to the 13th ult.
we learn that the colony continued in a state of great agi-
tation, on account of the secrecy respecting the verdict upon •
Smith, the Missionary, and the deli), necessarily occa-
sioned by the whole proceedings being referred, by the •
Governor, to his Majesty's Ministers. It is now reported
that he has been found guilty, but recommended to mercy,
and that the Governor refers the whole proceedings to his
Majesty, as the source of mercy. The Governor-General,
Murray, it was expected, would leave the Colony in a
short time, having been superseded in his command.
Si Ls Wk:ayses.—.l meeting of the Engine Silk
Weavers took place on Thursday night, at the Red Lion,
Phtenix-street, Spitalfields, when, after a warm discussion,
it was agreed to accede to the masters terms. On this
question of concession a division took place, when there ap-
peared—for concession, 80; against it, 68; majority 12.
Meetings have taken place at Southampton and Norwich,
for the purpose of supporting Government in the execu-
tion of the measures proposed and adopted by the House

,
,
t

-

sk est India property, which it hes now e-tiredy kiii. Secondly, I from Cadiz on the 13th. It is said that they are miens the San
for meliorating the condition of the slave population in his Slajes.iii`; ai',;";'ry-oug'an ""'"`"`” r. ' "".'Y a'"W "r""e ar'''' ""'" von of the measures proposed and adopted by the House
of Commons, for the gradual abolition of slavery. Thew •
That the intentions of the Parliament and of tie Government ex.ll3art and two other frigates at the Canaries, and thence proceed to- ty 's CelMieS. * man in this parish, wit n whom he became ac-
quainted, by which it appears, that Ise is still busying himself to
tend oily tot *taking effectual measurotfor affording to the slaves her to Lima. It is added that in a few deys the Arethusa and ... That through a demential tiod persevering, but at the same i injure those who Mated him so well ; and we have copied the follow- result of them is very different ; the petition at Norwiells St li
edgiest, mad moral Instruction, and for marine to than proper ' Deseubierta corvettes will Nadia the Gulf of 3lexico. The Pearl time judicious and temperate, neforeement of such measures, this • tt,
r o passages, as affording proof, from himself, of his ingrati- has been carried unanimously, after an eloquent speech
oedemata netement ; and that it is not intended to interfere with Is about to be sent to Carthegena, to be ooppered, and the Cuff& House looks forward to progressia improvements in the character' end f• • - • ' •
.by
the right of the master to the lelpiur of his slave, as now existing ! will maw nom Corthagena to Cadir.,—F3 Restarradue. of the dare population, such as miry prepare them for a pertici- to c, o his prnent designs, and exposing the name of . e Saint
who extracted the calumnies from him, to coif,—Mr. Smith, M.P. ,
Mr. J. Gurney. At Southampton, the propositions or Mr.
/
hy law. Tith last Int:UM km become necessary, in order to put 1 —_ tion in those civil rights and privileges which are enjoyed by other from whom, it appears,he has some expectations, as a reward, we C hamberlayne, in countenance of such measures as look
an end to those expectations of immediate freS4ain, which have I A letter from Havre, dated Tuesday, says,—" We have classes of his Majesty's subieett. presume, for becoming a wholesale liar. forward "to a progressive improvement in the character of
Nee AO imprudently raised in the minds of the slaves : but I would ' het G al Mina's first A. I 1 C (C l I (Veal- " That this House is anxious for the acorn
Aide-de-Camp e-t e- amp As one plishment of this pa- " London, Dec. 25, BM. the slave population, 'Lich as may prepare them for civil
fret be misunderstood, or supposed to maintain the opinion that eat? pose, at the earliest period that shall be compatible with the well. o I often think of Bushy Park, and the way in which I was rights and privileges," yielded to the following resolution,
11
assatlpation shall not take place at dome future period, when AK hghan) here for some days. Ile is in treaty for an Aine-
• being of the slaves themselves. with the safety of the colonies, and treated by Mr. Robertson. Mr. John 3litchell also treated me very emend instrucion, the slaves shall be prepared to receive it wit ' rican vessel to carry the General and his suite to some with • fair and equitable consideration of the interests of pursue kind!which I shall ever remember with gratitude." y, f submitted by Mr. F. L. Beckford, by way of amendment,
Ivateu to themselves and without injury to their masters. But ' part of South America. She is to proceed to Cowes, where properly," which was carried by a small majority, on a show of halide,
August 4, 1823.
this ought to be kept in the breast of our statesmen, and rot ex- the General purposes embarking. Colonel ('Callaghan was That your Committee observe with surprise and regret, that If you can give me any information on slavery, you will very and apparently by a sort of surprise:—
sewed to the sieves, until the time shell arrive when it may be with the General during the whole of the Spanish his Majesty's Ministers have, by the above Resolutions, sanctioned much oblige me, and you may depend on its being kept secret. No " Resolved, That this meeting, trusting to the wisdom of our
sued upon with safety and justice. the principles laid down by our enemies m the mother country, and doubt there has been a great deal of talk about the evidence I gave Legislature, and having before our eyes the recent insurrection At
truggle "
As a preliminary to all measures of improvement, parsons of 5 ' ledged themselves to enforce such measures as shall tend ultimate-
to 31r. Smith, M.P., and should like very much to have your Demerara, and the present disturbed state of our %Vest India Co.
atioubted cheat:etre for integrity and ability, equally unconnected By the Jamaica Mail, and the Princess Charlotte from r
. ,ty to the final extinction of slavery in the British colonies ; and $ )
candid opinion on the eubject. I shall also like to know how all lorries, considers the further discussion of the cfrlicate question of
with the Colonies and with these parties who have been so violent Carthagena, letters and newspapers from Bogota, the capital your Committee have also learnt from the Agent, that in his con- the gentlemen are on Bushy Park estate." Negro improvement and emancipation as premature, unwise, don..
+elitist them, should be sent oat to inquire, and report in concur- of Colombia, to the 29th November, have reached us. ferences with 31inisters, it has been refused to acknowledge our
MONTEGO BAT, DEC. 20. gevous, and impolitic."
at.7:e with the resident Governors, as to the actual condition of the Their contents are of no general importance. The news- claim to compensation for the injuries the colonies must sustain in Mrs. Powers, arrived here from Demeans, gives a most meta. The Mayor was requested to have the numbere counted, -
kLets at the present time. Much would depend on the good sense the mere endeavour to carry the scheme of emancipation into effect; 4
continue to give, in succession, the lawscholy aceoent of the situation of the country. Upwards of one as the division appeared to be very equal ; but this he de-
md umber of the men selected for this duty : and there is some PaPers
nit that such a Commission appearing in the Colonies might ex. the last Congress; some work appears also to be preparing to dispose of our property without our consent, but even to violate
y thou:And negroes had suffered, and a great many were still missing ci• •
mai, stating that he was certain the majority was fir
from several plantations. Many slaves, as well as free ne -
at enreisoriable expectations in the minds of the slaves, and that for
the next (which was to meet the Ist January), as we those common rules of honesty which ought to govern nations as Beck ford.
had been executed, and their heads fined en pole, in various parts 1111.'
fo,ght be offensive to the Colonial Legislatures; but I csn dis. see in the Bogota Gazette a list of no less than thirty-three well as private persons. . of the country. Martial law still continued, and would remain in FLAME ENDER AVATEtt.—Tt appears, by some recent ey-
elet rat other safe course that can now he pursued. And the co. new
laws to be proposed to its consideration. In Colombia The Committee cannot forbear to express their decided Dpi. Imforce until alter Christmas. A reinforcement of troops had been periments of Mr. Skidmore, of New York, that the flame of
et. would benefit by the real facts of their case being ewer. to. nion, that the proceedings of the House of Commons, and
weed on tinquestimable testimony. every thing wears the appearaneedof.regular progressiofn
the conduct of his 31ajesty's. Ministers, are a direct attempt to from ...
sent from Barbados, and they were in daily expectation of others the oxy-hydrogen blowpipe may be made to burn wider
Lealoe, Jan. 31, 1824' C. wards organization and consoli anon. The news row violate the Constitution of this colony ; and they recononiend to En land. Is was understood that the whole of the transports ...h.; le is only ecces
would first call at Dem ra. and such troops as were not uircd -- --- - - - ' -
c; to 11 • • l I ' 11 fis t lac tile ante
—ffessiesie Peru, by this opportuuity, is not later than we have pre- she House to adopt the niait firm, strong, and constitutional should be submerged slowly, so that it may not recede into
there would be dispatched to the other Islands. The narsetters are
~__IV learn by letters from Port Royal of the crld Decent- viously given. Al.Hurtful°, not having arrived by this
measures to resist such attempts, and to preserve to the inhabi- silent on the subject. " the vessel. The flame under water is globular; wood ..1
"7, the at the Isis, 30, Ca • T. Forrest, Cli arrived packet, the holders of Colombian Bonds must exercise their c .
Captain . . tants of this colony those nghts which have been transmitted to •
hem from their ancestors. The folldering is an extract of a letter from Dominica, Dec. 8. burns in it, and wires are ignited. : e'
received by the last conveyance : Me. Pi ERCE.—We are informed that Mr. Pierce, the
there on the 7th ofthat th • h Vice-Admiral patience a little longer. The Government of t'olombia, it
mon , with Sir
This was agreed to, and Mr. Mali then pmposed certain Resole- " We are at present under the greatest alarm in this island, in
',4,wrence Halsted, K.C.B. to succeed Sir Edward (7tven. appears, has given a large cession of land to Messrs. tier-. Solicitor, of' Bristol, whose mysterious disappearance front '
lions, which were unanimously agreed to, as follow ; via.-- consequence of a strong presumption of insurrection. Soinething , •
..
tic Ns had
a very bcisterous passagefrom England, g, . ,
rin Graham end Powles, of this city, for the purpose of hi kew.eed,
i went. eas.—That the patient endurance with which is the shape of a plot is, beyond doubt., on foot amongst ' ' gst the re- leis place of residence has Men so often noticed in the
411611 which ate sprung her f mast and lost her inizen introducing settlers. Advices had arrived at Bogota of the the peoplepapers, sailed from Cowes on Thursday last, in the fillip
of this Island have, for years past, struggled against pe- genes, who are impressed with the idea that at Christmas they are ,
t.the South American merchants to Go- euniary difficulties, proves how much they are disposed to submit to, all to obtain their freedom. Examirations New fork. He haul, it appears, serrated
•.
I,4nast. She had repaired these damages, and was about ' application made by daily take plea. and a I luilson, for
LI pr and Vice- vernment for the appointment of Consuls, and the result where the evil .
arises from inevitablecauaes, or from circumstance.' Privy Council h been called by ''
himselfuntilfew da in London, • by ti
yAS just the Governor on the OCC1• within a days,
c weed to Carthrwena, to land the t'onsuls
for
afFeettng the general interest of the Empire; but this House would seen. The Assembly sent a message to his Excellency yesterday, name of Richards. His friends traced him thence to
h •
.; 414%, for Mexico and tile contiguous arts.p The ear- was looked with time anxiety.
be unmindful of their duty were eel not to protest most solemnly on the apprehension which they entertain of the state of the colony •:
41 out of these aerial Persons was regarded as a virtual The American Papers received yesterday contain nuroc- against the continuance of heavy aid ruinous taxation on the pro. I arms are to be issued immediately, and it is supposed that martial '
("owes but the ship had sailed the day before they reachel
1
a ino led • ofthese Provinces. rote; instances of the strong feeling which has been excited duce of their soil, at the time when the demands of a stmt. of war. I law will be proclaimed. The wateh-word at ROVIIIII Wag. ' Ernan. W d 1- he unfortunate Gentleman is
the place. .e un erstan t
,". Ennent of the Independence
throughout the Union in favour of the struggling Greeks. fare can no longer be urged in it, defence, and the blessings of cipation by Christmas, or the Aillites shall be Blacks.' " considered to baye become insane.--Ilumpshire Telegraph.
uoTshiee Telegersiel.
i •
. .
. - -
