" PROVIA NATION.

Pactagnest !—Tlic Regency of the kingdom is about to re-
lies, you from anxiety, and to tic your attention upon decrees
which Interest you generally, and which his Most Faithful Ma-
i it,. Von Pedro the Fourth, has deigned to twine from his Court
ar:Rawlenci•o. With these decrees will be also published the
I.onstitutioral Charter of the Portuguese Monarchy, which the
..4ie Sovereign has deigned to decree, end which, according to
irtentiens. must be sworn to by the three orders of the State,
. order that it may govern the kingdom of Portugal and its
eteiiendene.es. In the mean time treitegenry iii!Orms you that
eels alarret differs esso..tially Flom the Constitution produced by
fatueyion in 111?2,. and which. eontiilied principles ireoinpatible
.-.th each other. said condemned by experience. The character
or eke 'Constitutional Ciliate, which bit Most Faidifol 3lajesty
gilt. you, is quite another thing. It is not a forced concession ; it
a voluntary and spontaneous gilt of the legitimate power of his
Majesty, and matured by his. purfuund and r0y.,1 wisdom. This
!urine tends to terminate the contest between two extreme prin.
e.ahrs which have agitated the utieeriie. It summons all Portuguese
is reconciliation, by the same n.eans which have served to recion-
e.ie other people; by it are maint in all their viottr, the re.
ligitic of OUT lathers, J:corans, and the rights and dignity of the
Sleasrshy ; all the orders of the Stale are respec'ed, and all am
alike interested in uniting their efforts to rorraued sod etrengtheto '
e throne, to contribute to the common good, and to secure the
p-isterestiln and amelioration of the country to which they owe
their exietence, and of the society of which they form pi.:l; the
ineittitions are adapted and accommodated to our age as
.r as the lapsenf seven centuries will permit; and f n.tlly, this Char.
t prhas proroty p:is among other nations who are estovined arro'g the
i::mt civilized and the most happy. It is our duty to await tranquilly
t execut cm of this Charter, and of the preparatory acts which it
It' any among you should, by words or actions, aggra.
este resentments, excite hatred, or inspire vengeance, seed inter.
r,ee between the provisions of the dew and ha execotion, he Will
1:e considered as a disturber of public order, and as an enemy of
the Sovereign and of his country ; a: d he will be punished
oia utmost rigour of the law. The Itegeiey fluters itself that the
prturteee people, both from their natural character ar.d forth' it
...lemon interest. will recognize, on this occasion, both what is their
i.rost i • poi' ant duty, and the way in which they may become prin.
Giver at the Palace of Ajudn, this 12:h of July, 1f123.
(signed) " INFANTA.
(COURtersigned)
J wiz JOAQUI% DE ALMEIDA L. ARAILIO
CORREA DE LA CZIDA."
DECIIEES.
Ti'•! n.n tilg of the General Cones being neceniwy, I think it
ts erdzr that the election of the Deputies may be proceeded

with, in conformity with Chapter &, Title IV., of the Constitutional
Charter which I have decreed, and to which I have ordered the
oath to be talcen in the slid kingdom; leaving it to the Regency fur
this purpose to give the necessary instructions. The said Regency
will thus understand it, sod cause it to be executed.
Given at the Palace of Rio Janeiro, April 30, MI&
(Signed by the Emperor, as King of Portugal.)
Hem follow Decree& for the creation of Peers of the Kingdom,
itc., viz. :--I'wo Dukes, twenty-six Marquises, forty-two Counts,
ind tun Viscounts; one Cardinal Patriarch, four Archbishops, and
fourteen Bishops I and two Decrees, one naming the Duke de Cs-
daval President of the Chamber of Peers, and the other appointing
the Patriarch Vice-Pres,dent.l
It: C. —lt lAiling to tropic), all proper means to promote anti
consolidate the prosperity of the kingdoms of Port IT I ndAl-
gams, I have thought proper to authorize the Regency of the said
kingdoms to cause the convocation And installation of the Cenci.
Corteo, without waiting for the period heed by Title IV., Chapter
' Article 18, of the Constitutional Charter, which I have decreed she.
Sliver, and towjgeft I desire that the oath of adhesion may be
taken in the oaid„lonr.s.
(Signed as be!or;.)
The following Ordonsance has been published by the General
Police:—

I JosellArriage Brun da Silveira, l'ouncillor of State and In.
tendant Cretserel of the Police, make known that the Secretary of
State of the Mks!sten of Ecclesiastical Affairs and Justice having
communicated to us. by order of the Regency, that there has been
ptinted and published in Lisbon, an extract from the Constitutional
Charter, in which several articles have beau falsified, and others
added, for the purrose of sowing discord and disturbing public
tranquillity, have felt it my duty, independently of other measures,
to order the remaining copies to be seised at the printing-odice, and
to withdraw from the public .the copies which have been put into
1 circulation.

" The persons who possess any of these copies are required to de-
liver thou up to the police within three days, upon pain of being
punished as disobetheta to the orders of Oovernment, and to pay
besides a penalty of 20 000 reis."
Extract of a private letter from Lisbon, dated July 15:—gill tie
learn which we receive from the Provinces spree in stating that
the most lively joy lies been produced by the proclamonon of the
Constitui

_ [non, and without occasioning any unpleasant occurrence,
notwithstanding the rapid transition from en arbitrary to a repres
;sentative Government. In the mountainous districts, fires have
been lighted up by the inhabitants, to signify their satisfaction at
the change which has taken pleee In the affairs of the country.
The choice of the new Ministry obtains the general suffrages of
our best citizens. • Public opinion had lung been filed with
respect to M. Silvestre Pinheiro Ferreira, one of the most dis-
tinguished statesmen of the age, and who was called three times
to the Minist►y for Foreign Alf:lira, ur,der different and difficult
eircumstancre, by the deceased John the Sixth, who honoured him
with his entireconfidence.
M. Ginoldes (Fernando Alphorso), the new Minister of Jostle
who was exiled by the faction of Bemposta, was Regidor of Justice
at Oporto, under the Cones. This is a post similar to that of First
President of a Royel.Leurt in France. Ile is a man of a fine and
decided character.
It is asserted that the Marquis of Palmella, who is the parti-
cular friend of the new Minister for Foreign Affairs, with whom
he matte last year the voyage front Lisbon to London, will speedily
be called to till an eminent post in the kingdom.
The Duke of Cakes', President of the Chamber of Peers, is
very popular and useful to :be State. Ile married the youngest
daughter of the late Duke of La Foens, natural grandson of e
King Don Pedro 11., and uncle of Queen Maria the First, who
died at Rio Janeiro in 1817.
It is said that General Alava, the friend of the Duke of Wel-
lington, and who negotiated the tr..aty of Port St. 3lary in 1023'
will shortly arrive here. Apartments are prepared for hint.
t From the Journal de Pa id, of Monday, July 311
laanorr, t.a. 15.
LETTER FROM THE INFANT DON atiorrt, TO HIS SISTER
TEIJE PRINCESS REGENT°.
" 31v Drag Sistew—Tbe impatience with which I expected
to hear from you can only be compared with the inexpressible joy
which I feiton the receipt of your Liter of the Ilth May Oat. Geist
entirely without any direct news of you, and of your beloved family,
since the death of our father and sovereign, judge, my dear sister,
*Slat pleasure your letter has afforded me. The sweetest reward
of the sentiments with which I an animated, and which I coma
orturicated to you by my letter of the Bth April, is undoubtedly the.
approbation you bestow on them, and I esteem myself very happy
if the sincere and authentic manifestation of those sentiments has
contributed to the preservation of good order and tranquillity in
Portugal, which were the chief objects I histi in view in writing my
letter of the 6th April ; and I thank you, my dear sister, for your
determination to have it printed without delay, for what I desire
above all things is, to show to the tuition that the qualities on which
1 most pride myself are those of an obedient son, a faithful subject,
and a good Portuguese.
" As for your private sentiments, nobody can appreciate them
better than myself ; and knowing you to be exempt from all am-
bition, I conceive what violence you must have done your own in-
clinations to accept the heavy burden which the last will of our
august King has imposed on you, till the legitimate heir to the
kingdom, to whom we all owe submission, shall have declared hie
will. _ _

" I must now, my dear sister, thank your goodness for having
kindly turned your attention to the household of the Infantado,
which my absence from the kingdom made very necessary. I re-
gret that our engu* mother is hindered by her weak health from
accepting the administration of the household of the Infantado,
which you proposed to her, and I thank you for having taken it
on yourself till I should express my intentions respecting this ad.
ministration, which I now do, by begging you to be so good as Os
continue to manage the household of the Infantado ; to which etresti
I send you here Atli the necessary power, and being fully assts
vinced of your friendship and your regard for me, I send you air'
a power of attorney to proceed to the division of the private pro
petty which has come to us in consequence of the death of our late
august Father and Sovereign. I expect from your sisterly affec-
-I.don that you will have the kindness to take on yourself this affair.
I pray to Goti to preserve you, my dear sister, as it is the wish of
your respectful and grateful brother.
(Signed)

" hl IGUEL.

,• Vienna, 14th June, 10213."
Some persons of the inferior classes have behaved within a few
days, u well in the theatres as the streets, with an impudence
which hart Rine so far as to insult even persona wearing the Cross of
Fidelity to the King. The same individuals are known as having
been evident demagogues in MI They afterwards acted in such a
manner as to obtain the medal of Fidelity ; and within a short time
they again have ►hown themselves what they are—that is to ray,
enemies to Royalty and to all kinds of public distinctions. But
the proclamation of the Regency has already indicated the course
our Government means to follow.—Lisbou Gazettes.
ilrtmi the Etoilr, dated Tuesday, Aug. 1.1
PARIS, JULY 31.
The revolutionary Journals gave us yesterday the names of the
new Portuguese Ministers. We very much doubt this news, since
it was not before the 29,h that the change must have taken place.
We do not believe that any hopes can be entertained of making a
charter granted by the legitimate authority march under the direc-
tion of the friends of the revolutionists of France; and au prompt
a knowledge of the new Portuguese Ministry would be the proof of
connexions unfavourable to Portugal.
We have not forgotten the series of attempts directed at once
against the throne and the country—agaicst France and social order
in Europe, which distingui.hed the revolutions of Lisbon and
Mathis', nor who are the men that directed these movements.
We still retretnbcr the trial of Sauguaire Sottligne, his con-
nexion with the Engli,h Radicals, with the Spanish, Piedinomese,
and Pottugueae Revolutionists.
The Oath of the Three ()niers to the Charter of Don Pedro
was to be taken at Lisbon on the 31st.
We know not where several Journals found the news of the op-
pointtnent of Sir W. A'Court to the post of Minister at Madrid.
The lat.st letters from that city of the 24th do not mention it.
The Moulton- does not mention the affairs of Portugal.
Futi:scit FUSIDS.—PAILII,JULY 31.—Five per Cents. 100 f. ;
Throe per Cants., 66f. 30c.; Batik Stock, 2020 f. • Neapol.tan
Pemas, 721. ; Spanish ditto, II; Royal Spanish Loan,
Exchange on London. one anontli,2.lf.G3c.; three months, 25f.
—Corr* dallteattlque.
It will he seen that this letter was written before news arrived
I j cf the Constitution given by Don Pedro.

We have received Dutch Papers to the let of August.
The intelligence from the Mediterranean, if it can be de-
pended upon, is of considerable interest.
EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM AUOSRURGII, JULY 8.
The moat impurtant concerns of Germany are arranged, Of at
Mast are on the point of being so. It is certain that the Govern-
ment of the Netherlands allows a disposition to make conceSsions
with respect to the navigation of the Rhine ; and that, on the other
hand, an arrangement will be made respecting Luxembourg, and
a regiment of Swiss, in the service of the Netherlands, will be sta-
tioned in that fortress, in the room of a part of the Prussian
garrisor.

ROME, JULY 6.
His Holiness has declared Ancona a free port. This measure is
expected to prove highly advantatlenus not only to that town itself,
but to the Papal dominions in gmeral.
111AnsEILLEs, JULY 22.

It is reported that Lord Cochrane has arrived at Napoli tic
Romania, with two ships, but the date is not given. ',rem time
to time we see people return from Egypt, who went to that country
in the hope of making their fortunes, but have been wofully dis-
appointed. The Messrs. Jijiniee, the well-known cork•pondents
of the Vice-Roy, made, some time ago, an agreement with a work-
man. in consequence of which he went to that country. When he
reached Alexandria, the Turks, far from fulfilling the stipulations
entered into, scandidourly ill-traoted him, so that he was obliged to
to return hither without accomplishing the object of his voyage.
He has, in consequence, brought an action against those gentle-
men, before the Tribunal of Commerce, and obtained a sentence
by which they ure crntleninetl to pay him 6,700 francs damages.
::,evenel others will follow his example.
FLORENCE, JULY G.
M. blonod, son a an esteemed Protestant preacher at Paris, has
obtained permission from the CiPlad Duke of Tuscany to erect a
Protestant chapel in this city.
HaatistoLtr, JULY 26.
We have had to-day the pleasure of seeing the Spitzbergen brig,
11. Rockmers, master, fitted out here by the Netherlands Society
for the Greenland and Davis' Straits fishery, return from Green-
land with a considerable cargo, consisting of 11,124 seals.
HAGUE, JULY 30.

His Majesty left us again this morning to return to Loo. His
Majesty has been pleased to appro►e of the formation of a Society
under the name of the Royal Netherland% Horticultural Society.
It is to be established at Brussels. All plants, ornamental as well
as useful, are to be cultivated on a great scale, and with due atten-
tion to all the improved modes which the present state of the
science demands. Experimental essays are to he made there,
which, if successful, will extend to the whole kingdom. A loan of
200,000 florins is to be made for the establishment of this society
bearing interest at one and a half per cent., besides a share of
the profits which remain after payment of the expenses.—Datch
Pure's, August I.

We hate received's copy of the Jamaica Public Atha-.
user, of June 20, containing a list of 130 negrnes who
have subscribed various sums, from 2s. 6d. to 6s. stl. each,
for the relief of the distress in England. The whole
amounts to e9l. It is headed " Kingston, June 13, 1626,
Jamaica Black Slaves' Subscription, for the relief of their
famishing brethren, the white slaves in England." To
say the least of the proceeding, it is extremely indecorous

on the part of any of the planters, who may have en-
couraged the measure, though it is highly honourable to
the feelings and the gratitude of those who are indeed the
brethren of the workmen in England—not in slavery hut
in the common affections and failings of humanity. We
have also received the Jurnaiet: (nurant, of June 20, by
which we have intelligence from Santa Martha to the
date of the 14th June, nearly a fortnight later than any
previous arrival from that quarter. We subjoin an ex:.
tract :

---- •
Frain she Jamoico ;mime of June 200 Li
EXTRACT OF A LETTER FROM SAINTA AIARTHA, OF JUNE 14
On the Val inat. a squadron. composed of one ship of the lino and
four frigates, and a schooner, coma dl this port ; they hovered
about us ut,til next day at tweke o'clock. when they proceeded to
leeward. This day's post bring/ acienutta of their being at anchor
off a deserted part of the coast, to !canard of Savannilla, in all pro-
bability in search of water, or perhaps lurking for prizes. Every-
thing was rally here to give them a warm reception, had they at-
tempted a landing.
General Montilla, who happened to be upon his estates, ten
leagues from where they were lying. immediately came up F,
iolidad, and ridged en nuusc thiirsilitia of that district. He also
ordered up the Tyratlores of the Guards (one of their crack regi-
ments), from Carthlgena, to that of the enemy. Attempts to land
will be met on all the vulnerable parts of the coast.
Nothing can equal the enthusiasm with which every individual
runs to arms, to defend his home.
The Spaniards have left here such a dreadful recollectirn, that
all party feuds cease on their approach, and join heart and hand to
repulse them.
George Atkinson, Esq.. his Bosom. the Mayor, and B. 'Madden,
Esq., have been elected to serve in the next General Assembly for
Kingston.
Hyslop. Esq., Jackson, Esq., and Clarke, Esq.,
base been elected foe the Parish of Port Royal.

CITY, W;DNESDAY EVENING.

The transactions in CottsoTs to-day have been of a very
limited nature ; they opened at 78i, and during the day
they reached 791, at which price there were buyers, and
finally closed at 781 to There was but a very trifling
supply of Money Stock in the Market. Exchequer Bills
were in request at 16s. to 18s. premium. The heavy
Stocks displayed but little activity.
In the Foreign Market, Spanish Stock has advanced to
10/ 1; and Sauth American has also risen, particularly
Mexican, which shows a quotation of nearly five per cent.
improvement since yesterday. It is understood that the
President's Message of the Mexican Republic to the Con-
gress (published in the lir ilisk Press of yesterday) has
had this effect. Whatever defects this paper may have as
a composition, it breathes the spirit of independence, and
promises the fulfilment of all the engagements made by
the Republic. It is also said to be the intention of the
Government, not only regularly m provide the dividends
on the loan contracted- in this country, but also to pay off
a part of the principal at an early period. At the close of
the market Mexican Bontbeescre ssj to f, and Colombian
34,1 to 25. Northern Stock also shows an advance, Rus-
sian being B'2l to 53; and Danish 56} to 57, with a some-
what limited supply.
Brazilian Shares retain their situation in the Market,
being at 13 premium, while Tlalpuxahua are at '25 pre-
mium.
Letters from the manufacturing districts seem to con-
template the probability of the distress going through the
winter, from the anxiety expressed as to further exertions
itt the way of charity. It is understood to have been re-
commended front the highest quarter, and from whence
such noble emanations of sympathy have been displayed,
that the work sliteeid be followed up by the recommenda-
tion of the Bishops to the Clergy, in their respective
dioceses, to use ail the means iu their power, by sermons
and otherwise, to excite the compassionate feelings of their
parishioners in favour of their suffering countrymen. It is
to be hoped that these means will produce the necessary
effect, and that one and all will come forward to the ex-
tent of their ability to relieve the misery which oppresses
so many thousands of their countryman ; ilwaya Tetuan-
bering the inagnaitimotes example that has been put forth
by one of the noblest Monarchs that ever adorned the
British Throne!

Loan, negotiated by Mr. N. M. Rothschild,
in London.—The half-yearly dividend on the above Loan,
which becomes due on Friday, the let of September next,
will be paid, by Mr.. N. M. Rothschild, on that
and every succeetllng day, between the hours of ten and
two, at his Counting-house, No. 2, New-court. The
dividend warrants, with a list thereof in numerical order,
must be left one day previous to portent, for the purpose
of being examined.

PARTIES.
The Marquis of Hertford entertained a select party of fasitiou-
abfet on Tuesday evening, at his house in Piccadilly.
The Countess 01 Eames had a card party on Tuesday evening,
at her house in Hill-street, Berkeley-square.
Mrs.Cuutts entertained a select party of the hant ton on Tuesday
evening, at her house in Stratton-street, Piccadilly.
Viscountess Hampden entertained a diattrguislied party at din-
ner yesterday, at her house in Green-street, Cirusvenor-square.

MOVEMENTS.
The Duke of Buecletich has arrived at Thomas's Howl, Berke-
ley•square, from the COl:litletil.
The lion. Mrs. Tollemache left town yesterday, for her seat in
Herts.
Viscount Lake left town yesterday, for his seat, Tring, Bucks.
Lord and Lady Churchill have arrived at Lady Pembroke's seat,
at Richmond, trout Oxfordshire.
George Wilbraham, Esq. 31. P. Mrs. Wi'lnborn and family,
have lett their seat in Cheshire. for South Wales.
Miss Metcalfe left town yesterday, for her seat, Ilawatead,
SuILA.
The Dowager Marchioness of Salisbu,y left town yesterday, on
a visit to the Marquis and Marchioness of Downshire, at their peat
in Berks.
Viscount A lthorp has arrived at his seat, Wiscton Hall, Yorks
shrre, from Northamptonshire.
Sir Tyrwisitt Jones, Bart. left the St. Gorge's Hotel, Albemarle-
street, yesterday, for his seat, Stank; Hall, Shropshire.
The Marquis and Marchioness of Bristol have left town for their
seat in Surrey.
The Karl of Pembroke has arrived at his scat, Wilton House,
Want, from a tour.
Arrivals at the Royal lintel, St. James's-street :—J. Page, Esq.
from Holly Hill ; the Rev. Pearson, from Oxford ; the Hon.
T. Fiennes, from Itelvldere ; Lamm lsq. front a tour ; and
Sir W. Burma, from Ireland. Departure:—F. P.l). Radcliffe,
Em.
Arrivals at the Burlington Hotel, Old Burlington and Corks
streets :—Rev. W. Harvey and Mrs. Hervey, front Nortoik ; Capt.
R. Burdett, Sir J. Burke..l. Callaghan, Esq. and Mitts Callaghan,
!ram Southampton ; and Capt. Se rave, front Paris. Departures:—
Col. Taylor, for Cheltenham ; A. Bradshaw, Esq. oa a tour ; and
Major Bruntim, for Exeter.
Arrival at the Brunswick Hotel (lace Blake's), Jerryn-street :
The lion. Mr Ward, from Ireland. Departures :—The Earl and
Countess of Ks-aware, for IVorthing ; the Countess Ritsoumoirska
and Col. Poilareski and suite, fur Paris; and Edward Piotherue,
Esq. 51.P.ttir alerts.
Arrivals at Fladong's Hotel, Oxford-street :—Sir Charles Chad,
Bart. and the Hon. Capt. Tumour, from Thurstord; General and
Mrs. Bradshaw, from Bath ; Orestes, Esq. and family. from
Asithuurne; Dr. Mrs. and Messrs. Patrick, feint a tour; Duke,
Esq. and Mrs. Pulse, from a tour; IV. Kingsmill. Esq. front do.;
Cutea, Esq from do.; and Capt. and Mr. Croker, front do.
Departures :—Baron Nicola'. family, cv d suite, on a tour; Col.
' Drummond, do.: Col. Vaughan, do. ; Capt. England, do.; Cul.
Wollaston, for Hinckley ; Swittnerton Esq. for Stailbrdshire;
DuffiAti, E.q. on a tour ; Mr. and tits. Shepherd and family,
I for the lisle of ight ; and air. anti Mrs. Gardner, on a tour.

-?f, #, cav_mf -fe-;A•-0 _ -
% . - '-- 1T 14 - - - INTEISACI
.•_.......e.,- , %
