deliverid it to tie Minister of Exterior Relations.

The audienee being over, the Ambassador retired,
• 'Soaking three profound reverences, and remained in
Ike ball adjoining that of the throne, where the
Grand Signior's presents were spread out on a
Sable.
The Emperor having received notice from the
Grand Master of the Ceternonies, and being pre.
seeded by him, proceeded to the Hall, and the Am-
bassador, after making a reverence to His Majesty,
offered kiln the presents, consisting of a diamond
wrote, and a very rich box set with diamonds,
and embellished with the cypher of Sultan Selim.
The Ambassador, at the same time, 'hewed His
Majesty the presents intended for the Empress, con-
Miring of a collar of pearls, perhimes, and mag-
sittoeut stuffs.
The Emperor examined these presents, and then
went to a window, looking into the Court-yard, to
lope& the very rich barnesees, which were likewise
presented to His Majesty, and with which some
Arabian horses were caparisoned.
His Majesty having returned to the Hall, con-
traing the Throne, the Ambassador Extraordinary
was constacted to 414 eurlions* of. .kdor Majesty,
the Empress, who received him standing, sur-
rounded by Peincesses, and her lad:es and officers.
He was introduced by the Chamberlain, who in-
troduces Ambassadors to Her Majesty, the Ein-
pms, and was presented by Her Majesty's Lady
Of Honour.
The Ambassador Extraordinary was re-conduEled
to his Hotel by the same retinue which accurn-

ibilied him in coming.
At half-past twelve, their Excellencies the Ex-
traordinary Ambassadors of their High Mighti-
lyeeSei the States of Holland, were admits' to an
audience of His Majesty the Emperer and King.
A Master and an Assistant of the Ceremonies
grant to fetch them from their Hotel at eleven
o'clock, in three Imperial carriages, with six
hones.
The Extraordinary Ambassadors were conduced
to an audience of His Majesty by the Grai.d Master,
the Master And Assistant of the Ceremonies, awl
received at the door of the fires Hall by His Ex-'
eedency, the titsr.bal, Colonel-Geueral of tbg
Guard.
On arriving at the hall of the Throne, they made
three reverences, aa.J icz-Adrui:al Yu-

..-
..

Intel, President of the Deputation, ptarranoted slat
[slowing discourse:
" Ste a—The representatives of a people knoirn
for its eoutageous patience in difficult torero, cele-
brated, we venture to say, by the solidify of its
judgment, and by its fidelity in fulhlliag engage-
ments which it has contracted. base given us the
honourable mission to present ourselves before your
Majesty's throne.
" This people has long suffered from the agita-
tions bf Europe, And diem its own. r 1 witness
of the catastrophes which have overthrown some
states, a 'idiot to the disorders which have shaken
all, it is sensible that the, interests and relations
which now unite or divide the great powers, im-
posed on it the duty of placing itself under the first
of political safe-guards in Europe, and that its
:very imbecility required that it should place its in-
stitutions in harmony with those of the state, whose
protetlion elate can preserve it from the danger
of slavery, or of destruction.
" These representatives have maturely and so-
lemnly deliberated on the circumstances of the pre-
sent times, and on the alarming probabilities of the
future ; they beheld even in the term of the calami-
ties with which Europe has long been afilifted, both
the causes of their own misfortunes, and the re-
medy to which they ought to recur.
us We are charged, Sire, to express to your Ma-
jesty the wishes of the representatives of our people:
we intreat Yost to grant us, as the Supreme Chief of
our Republic, as King of Holland, the Prince Louis
Napoleon, brother of your Majesty, to wbom we
deliver. with entire and tespectdul confidence, the
administration of our laws, the defence of our po-
lijcal and all the interests of our beloved
country.
" Under the sacred auspices of Providence, under
clue glorious proteCtioo of your Imperial and Royal
Majesty ; filially, under the authority of the pater-
nal government, which we demand of you, we ven-
ture to hope, Sire. that Holland, inured fur ever
of the affeßion of the greatest of monarchs, and
closely united, by her very destiny, to that of your
immense and immortal empire, will behold the re-
storation of its ancient glory, of its repose, of which
it has long been deprived, and of its prosperity ;
which losses, that will no longer be considered as
irreparable, will have impaired only for a time."
His Majesty answered in these terms :
BILISIZORS, IIIeTRISINT•TIVES Of TUE BATA-
VIAN erianie,
" I have always considered it the first interest
of my crown, to proted your cou ry. Whenever
I have been obliged to interfere in your internal af-
fairs, I have been struck with the inconveniencies
attached to the uncertain form of your government.
If you were governed by a popular Assembly, it
would.bo influenced by intrigues, and agitated by the
neighbouring powers; if by an elective Magistracy,
every renewal of this Magistracy. would be a cri-
tical moment for Europe, and the signal of new
maritime wars. All the e inconveniencies could not
be obviated but by an hereditary government. I call-
ed it into your country by my counsels. at the time
of the establishment of your list Constitution ; and
the offrr you make of the crown of Holland to Prince
Louis, is conformable to the true interests of your
country, to mine, and capable of insuring the ge-
neral tranquillity of Europe. France has been
generous enough to renounce the claims upon you
which the events of war had conferred ; but I could
not entrust the strong places which cover my nor-
thern frontier. to an unfaithful, or even a suspefted
hand.
" Messieurs, Representatives of the Betavian peo-
ple. I coincide in the desire of their High Mighti.
nesse.. I proclaim Prince Louis, King of Holland.
Reign, Prince, over these people ; their fathers ac-
quired independence, only by the constant assistance
of France. Holland was rocterwards the ally of
England, and was conquered; she was again in-
debted for her existence to France. Let her, then, be
indebted to you for Kings who shall protect her liber-
ties, her laws, and her religion ; but never cease
to be a Frenchman. The dignity of Constable of
the Empire shall be possessed by you and your de-
scendants: it will remind you of the duties you have
to fulfil towards me. and the importance which I
attach to the keeping of the stong places that secure
the north of my dominions, and with which I entrant
you. Keep up, Prince, among your troops, that spirit
with which I have seen them animated in the field
of battle. Encourage, in your new subjeas. senti-
ments of union and love towards France. Be the
terror of the wicked, and the father of the good :
such is the character of great kings,"
His Imperial Highness, Prince Louis. then ad-
vanced to the foot of the throne, and said :
" Sire, I had placed all my ambition in sacri-
ficing
my life in the service of your Majesty. All
my happiness consisted in a near admiration of those
qualities which render you so dear to those, who,
like me, have frequently witnessed the power and
the effeas of your genius. You will, therefore,
permit me to feel sonic regret at parting from you;
but my life and my will arc your's. I will go and
reign in Holland, sleet those people desire it, and
I am ordered by your Majesty.
" Sire, when your Majesty left France to go to
conquer Europe, which had conspired against you,
you wereidcazed to appoint me to prided Holland
from the Invasion with which it was threatened
on this occasion I learned to appreciate the charac-
ter of those people, and the qualities by which they
are distinguished.
" Yes. Sire, I shall be proud of reigning over
them ; but however glorious may be the career
which is opened to me, the assurance of the constant
proteSion of your Majesty. the love and patriot-
ism of my new subjects, are capable of exciting
the hope of healing the wounds occasioned by so
many wars, and by events accumulated in so few
years.
" Sire, when your Majesty shall affix the lust seal
to your glory, by giving peace to the world, the
places which you shall confide to my care, to that of
my children, to the Dutch soldiers who fought at
Austerlitz, in your sight—those places, I say, will he
well guarded. United by interest, my people will
likewise be united by the sentiments id love and gra-
titude of their King, to your Majesty, and to
stance."

A t le- this speech, the Ettraordinary Ambassadors
retired, making three profound reverences.
F.•tipernr then proceeded to his apartments
to givr audience to the persons there assembird.

He was preeeded by hie Ittgrrst knerer, who was
eheout.ced by the duor-I::eper as tko, Aiag of
Hoitud. • .%. • - • ,
The ExtraordinnreAnsbassacTors of Holiatd were
comlnd-d to an audience of Her Majesty the Em-
press, in which the forms already described were
observed.
'They then returned to their hotel with the same
retinue as attended them to their palace.
This day, at twelve o'clock, the Prince Arch•
Chancellor of the Empire repaired to the Senate,
which bad been convoked, and which assembled
under his Presidentship.
His Serene Highness, after he had opened the
sitting, made the following speech and commu-
nications:
4 Gentlemen, I come by the command of His
Majesty the Emperor and King, to acquaint you
with various regulations, which will be, to the Se-
nate, both a new subjeet for applauding the great
and generous views with whiali our Sovereign is
animated, And an authentic testimony of the re-
instant confidence which all our neighbours have
placed in the Imperial House.
"t After many successive changes in its Govern-
ment, the Dutch nation, so delinerate in its mea-
sm es, so steady in ite resolutions, seeks to fie its des-
nies under the ugh of a throne, and causes for its
first monarch, His Imperial Htghness Prince Louis
Napoleon.
His Majesty, the Emperor and King, consents
that Isis augnst brother shall comply with the
wishes of the Dutch nation ; and when he
w Sad .ti,as
fit
his dearer affedions to the public weal. His jes-
ty thinks It his duty to indemnify himself An site
French people, by seeming to His Highness the
dignity of Constable, and confiding to his isecing
the Northern fronti-r of the empire.
" His Majesty likewise consents that his Emi-
nence Cardinal Fesch shall comply, by his accept-
ance, with the choice made by his Eledoral High-
ness the Prince Arch-Chancellor of the Germanic
empire, in appointing him his coadjutor and suc-
cessor.
" L istly, His Majesty has conferred the Princi-
pality of Benevento on At Ile Talleyrand, Minister
of Exterior Relations, and that of Ponta Corvo on the
Marechal Bernadotte
" Holland, whose relations with France have ne-
ver been impaired, but in consequence of false con-
ceptions, is now re-attached to her by this great
Alliance, which becomes a pledge so much the
more sure of the establishment of peace, as it de-
prives ambitious and turbulent neighbours of the
hope of deriving advantage from the troubles in-
separable from an uncertain government, and an
eledive magistracy.
" The assiduity of Monseigneur Prince Louis ;
his military talents ; incessant labours, which, at an
early period multiplied for him the means of in-
strudion ; a perfect morality, which makes him
discover duties to he fulfilled, where others would
perceive only prerogatives to be exercised ; such,
Gentlemen, are the omens of the success of the new
monarch, in the career to which Providence calls
him, as well as the guarantees that he will tender
his authority useful and dear to the people who are
desirous to live under his laws.
" Cardinal Fesch, Gentlemen, is so intimately
connected with .you, that you cannot behold with
indifitrence the reward conferred on his virtues.
The elevation of that prelate to the electoral dig-
nity, will multiply for him the means of doing
good, as well as the opportunities of giving his
Majesty new proofs of his fidelity and of his at-
tachment.
tt When the Emperor determined to establish
peat hereditary fiefs, he told you, Gentlemen, that
he found in this institution the means of conci.iating
the interests of the dignity of his throne, and the
sentiment of his gratitude for services rendered him
in the civil and in the military career. Such are
the motives of the .distindion conferred on Messrs.
Talleyrand and Bernadotte. The first loss 11:.g
I been the depository of the confidence of His Ma-
jesty in the direction of foreign affairs ; the second
has snare than once, and on recent occasions,
powerfully maintained the glory of our arms.
ti I deliver to the Senate, with the Message of
His Majeity, various documents relative to the
events which occasioned them. These papers will
be deposited in your archives, and transcribed on
.your registers, destined to become in future the re-
cords of the nation, from the multiplied comtntini-
' cations which the Emperor and King is pleased to
make to you, concerning all that relates to the
great interests of the state."

FIESSAGR OF HIS MAJESTY Tilt !NITEROI AND LINO.
" Senators—We charge our cousin, thl Arch.
Chancellor of the empire, to inform you, that incom-
pliance with the wishes of their High leitighltilleesess
we hare proclaimed our dearly bolo vect laiarhar.
Prince Louis Napoleon. King of Holland, that the
said crown may be hereditary, in full sovereignty,
in order of primogeniture, in the legitimate male de-
scendants of his body ; our intention being, at the
same time, that the King of Holland, and his de-
scendants, retain the dignity of Constable of the
Empire. Our determination, on this subject, has ap-
peared to us to coincide with the interests of our
subjeas. In a military point of view, as Holland
, possesses all the =cuss Plaits which defead our .
northern frontier, it STAG of importance to the secu-
rity of our dominions, that the keeping of them
should be entrusted to persons, of whose attach-
ment we could not entertain any doubt. In a com-
mercial point of view, I loiland beirg situated at the
mouth of the great rivers that water a considerable
portion of our territory, it was necessary that we
should have a guarantee for the faithful execution
of the treaty of commerce we shall conclude with
her, in order to reconcile the interests of our mann-
faftures and of our commerce, with those of the
commerce of that people. Finally, Holland is the
first political interest of France. An eleffive Ma-
gistracy would have been attended with the incon.
venience of frequently subjefling that country to
the intrigues of our enemies, and each eleetion
would have been the signal for a new war.
•• Prince Louis, being animated by no personal
ambition, has givens us a proof of the love he bears
us, and cf his esteem for the people of liollanJ, by
accepting a throne which imposes on him such
great obligations.
The Arch-Chancellor of the Empire of Ger-
many, Elector of Ratisbon, and Primate of Ger-
many, having roadie kern, to us that it nes lilt

intenti7r. tc tak, a coadjiitn.., and that, in ennjii.,.:-
tion with his Minister., Arai the principal lliauvcrs
of his CThapter, he 7•ad thought it fot the good ui"
religion, and o:. the Ge' manic Empire, to nomin4,
to that poet our uncle and onto in, Cardinal
our Grand Almoner and Archti::,op of Lyons, We
hive accepted that nomination in the name of the
CHrdin4l. If this &stet mination of the Eledur
Arch-Chanceilor of the Empire, is usef.:l to Ger.
many, it is not less conformable to tae polities

France.
"t Thus the str►ice of the country calls away from
us our brothels and. our children; but our dearest
ofrealoits centre in the happiness arid prusp. rity
our people.
" In our Palace of St. CI-otd, June 5, 1806.
.(signed) tt Nairot.som.
'• 1 y the Emperor.
" Tl.e Minister Scurfy,' of State.
(Signed) "H. B. MAKLT."
TREATY.

11.. 1 dvor;eland Reysl Majesty Napoleon, Emperor of Me
Fr.-rich add K.og of hely, and the As-em of their Hieu
Migraine:l4es repieseitting the &Leven 'oeuvre?, ender me
pre-ideocy of Ilia Ea the Graod Petweinary,
~.erred by the Ceu. c.l State, acid by the DA JJJJ t et: *MI Ss-
comae. o. State, co.;s4en• pea
I. That in en...widens' or the reiteiat state of mint, end
the re...eat orgeoisaties tit L• ampe. a govern.rent witheet eon.
sistency, and withoet certain dug:shoo, cannot fu.r.i the obit@
of Eta :
g That the veridical .:hange of the chief of the sate or,i
elevate be ill Il4l:atlti it ',outlet or aird t•ie.iiisly a
rentstaist subjed or aguation and des: .rd between tire pow.:s
,br inimical to Hodunt :
8 'I hat an hisiedetary rev tytwttett a'oae ran ensure the
tranquil prradwetien • all that is de, 1,. the Leineh poopte, the
filsitegercini in thew religiou, the present:Amu of their
their polrthan arid civil Mleintudeitc.. :
4 That the moat inijmnant tie its ;Mere:its is to inure for
Itself a poweind protertoni, under t:.• eielier of which it may
OTT!? .aercin its itedustry,suirt maintain itself in the
te•7itary, its co newton and Its conmies :
'. That Flatlet is orneittr..lly ietermted .n the averaze or the
Dutch people, in me prosperity of the !tali, and the .t.ibata
of ill institutions, as well in etnemeration of the Nurt...ro
Frontiers of the Emore, hid open and ilestiiine of ther•ie
places, as with regent to th- ororciple. and ii.terests of g •arc.
tat Rohde", As Miniateis P:eitnicrtroitiey iure berth
By His Majesty the Kaineria of the V.ench and King of Ita;.,
M. Chedes Main. e Talleyraud , Grand Chattaberlem, bin
ni.,rer or E‘tennt R,lations, li.anl C...tlnn of the Leine of
He tour, Knight of the of the Rol and Black
Prua.ia, and of the (helm of St Haber% de. dire.
By H.s Excellency the G..aud Ptrisionary
Charles Heart Vshuet, V:ce Admiral, arid Minister of the
Mvintie of the gatasian Republic, deck/hod Strth the. Grad
Eagle of the Legion of Honour ; Isaac John A.exam!er (:1 reel.
hl muster of the Finances; John Van Styrian, Member us 1..*
Assembly of their li.gh Mizlionenes '„Villia.n six, Member
of the C'uuncil of Sete; and Gerard der Bra./th a., Monster
Pledipetentia, of the R.rtavian Republic to Ida e,.al mad
Royal Majesty, decorated wall the Gard Fasts of the Legion
of Honour; woo, alter estcbang•ng their full powers, agieed
to the followieg Attlee,:
Aar. I. Alts Majesty, the Finance of the Vend,. sod
King of hale, both for himself and his H, rev and Sec.:metre
for ever, easrantees to Hul•aod tire inabitionanee of her con-
stitutional rights, her independence, the interny of her
possessions in the two world., her political, Civil, and religraus
liberty, as saiiSiunal be the lawa et present estatillascu, ar,l
the abolition of every privilege in the way id iinpost.
11. tin the formal d;uvaid made by to Nisi Migh.i.
nes.m, representing the hatavoin Republic• that ranee Lon
Napoleon be nominated and crowned hereditary and eonsriti..
venal King of Holland, /Ca Nleje.t.. compile.. with this
ant onshore, a rrinc‘t 1.31114 laktflethille to wwee:n the Crow.. • r
fin-land, to be phetietted by Min sod his legitimate and main
deszehdaa:% in aide of prirergentture, bi the perpettlal ex-
cursion ..f.f.,:ma'os and their dencetulait,...
In consequence of this anthorls aim:, the Prince-I.mill Ni-
p/Ikon will ;tosses. that Crown is in.e tide at E-ig, and w,t.t
eli the power and all the authority that shell he deter/31P be
the constituthnial Was, which the Srapeiar Ilepoisow ii.a
guarantee.. vi tire pospeding article. •
It i., nevertheless, decreed. that Cie Crown. of rime. and
Holland cell never be united tin the Lime head.
1,1. The domains of the Cr.", tt emit son7posa : •
' 1. A Palowe at the il.gue, which stall be itihrti4 for the
rea.deece of ire Royal (err .y I tau, Lee home ire thcberies.:
three, tire dmstain of Soendi Is ; four, a Reve, ue. ,a futiv
property of Santee. Toe law of the St de prog
to the King a farther andual suns of i. 490,00 florins
money tit flatland, payable one twelfth mancay.
IV. to cove of minority', the keg nry height. by rightlo
the Qtre•o, and if there he none. the limpet., of the Feeoet,
his qt,shty of perpetual Chicrof the f.nherial iC.rmiiy, sh.ll
nominate the Regent of the Kiogdom. whir shati beelines.'
from am -nit the Pr.nces tarthe loyal family, or. in fe.Aaso of
them, front among native, of the country: •
The minorhy of Kiags shell terminate on the oorepletion
their elideei.tli Vett. . -
V. The Qattin's dowry shall be determined by her marliage
cont-act. Fir Tat time it is greed, that this dowry f.xed
at the annual sum of :.O 001, dorins, itt.icts dull be take
from the domains of the Crown. 11,tie the deduction of the
sum, balf of the rentsinder of the revenues of the Creisn *ail
be egrende I no the filellteilailee Of the h..withuid of tie
minor kit;; the Mlles half shall defray the siiiPeeiCeli lei lin
Regency.
VI, The King of Holland shall be in perpetuity a C,tnil
Dignitary of the Eindite, be the title of Conetable Ihe
faitetious elf this high cl.enity m iy, nelerth.less, be futhiled,
at the pleasure of the Ein.rerat of the French, by a Prince
Vice-Condab:e, whet tie shall lino: proper to create th.t
dignity
Vll. The Members of the reigning House in Holland shall
remain personally sohjea to the thins:ma n. of the Comore-
tinsel Star lite of thentnn of March lan, haulms the La of the
heateinal Family of Fume&
VIU. The oMc s end emmleements cattle Stare, whet than
those co meekest with the pen mat service tit the Meuse-
bold, shed be conk red only on 11311tet.
IX 'rite arm, of the King shed hit the ancient arms of Hof-
taint, qiianered with the I.nperial Eagle of France, sail sot.
eneunted with the Royal Crown.
X. A Treaty of Comment' snail be immediately ccuelud.d
b.etween the cont•acting Powers, by vials* ref which thy s
of Hollend shall as all times be treded, in the ports as
in the tetritory at the F.eiieb Em he, as the mn,t t.
vuorednatiost. His Majesty, toe Emperor, moreover envier
haersanley Asia .11.tauferenee ia.Wl she Sorban. Powers. that me
Dutch flag may he me‘pectei by them, at Well as that of Ms
Majesty the Emperor of :he /tench
The ratiti•stioc.. of the present treaty shall eitehonyl at
Paris in the space of tta days.
Patera May 24, IN ri
‘Signed) CH. M. TALLEYRAND.
CH. HENRY VERHIJEI..
J. J. A. Gt./GEL.
JOHN VAN silfifiAlm,
w. SIX.
BRANTSEff.
(A correct Copy.)
The Minister of Extereor Relations,
(signed) Cll. M. TALLEY'RANI)r,
Translation of the letter adel-esned to the Crete:44llC Diot: s.
the 27th on. May, by the Baron to Hite rj: the
trade br bis Seraue Highness the Elector ..Vet.•ChanecCei,
Of his Eminence, Cardinal Penis, for its, zondiauca
SUCCeSSOf
's The recess of the sleparitian (Screed ice
after calamitous wars, arid enneetteld. into a fair:-.:s
mental law of the empire, had anoint exzited in al.
aermany, the hope, that by its execut;pn„ trsn-,
Ruillisy arid crder would be restored, that ths
Ilea between the states of the empire would to
strengthened, and that the eanttitution Would t':r
maintained in ks ets-nrial 1%4, ts. But new w:'-71.•
IA Which thr ertyire liar titolathe thg that:'

hoe
elm
I of

sox.

It."

OriLe
111,1
er me
ad s.

I, and
t ron
Obit@

• aria
W.ly a
IDIF.ft

• .the
~ the
ore ro,r
t In"
fllaPo:k

tr the
;ra..tl
tgel.
• Yte
•tebet
sinter
al dad
dig tun
weed

1,4
' COll.
f her
igiauk
auf

I,rol t
-
M•• •i
male
al ex-

ed.%
I .1 tv
La 1.4

:• and

K. the
.
%Wee
img •s.

@lnto
newt,
,
*MCI
arc of

Son . (

irria;:e
tar: a
I stall
at Vie
the

G•ind
im
Print•
I th_t

LI 5t,311
ustos.
of mite

Y than

I
tort.

elud•d
S
at
h') t..
flaps
at tide
or 11.1

%el at

Mt.

tg ice.
11004.1
gt

11)0A
Wade
la till
arab-,
tb4•
4 be
wd
warts

rrr,

it;.ant, horvever, taking part in them, have '
not only rem 'wed this hope to a great distance,
but their consequences, already known, and still to
be apprehended, have I kewise excited in many ex-
isting states of the emigre, well-grounded fears of
beholding their constictrional rights and possessions
more or less diministied, even to the very shadow of
the Germanic Constitution. His Serene Highness,
the Elector Arch-Chancellor, my most gracious
Master, has not yet, in his quality of Primate
and Archbishop of Germany, been able, not-
withstandding all his exertions, to effeft the or.
ganization of the German Catholic Church, con•
• formably to the said fundamental law of the
empire ; it has not even been p ossible for him
to constitute his own metropolitm chapter ; he
even sate that the countries and revenues askigneii
him by the recess of the depotation, for his support,
are threatened during his life-time, and wouid be
still more in ease of his death. Having, after long
and laborious exertions, attained the age of sixty-
three years, he can no longer delay choosing a co-
operator, eo-adjetor, and successor in the go-
vernment, deficient neither in mental and cor-
poreal vigour, nor in personal consideration ;
sold possessing. at the same time, a powerful
supporter, to facilitate, daring his regency, the
maintenance of all his legal rights and preroga-
tives, as welt as the preservation of his elealorate,
and to proe,--e for them, whether he should die
sooner or later, it durable existence, for the advan-
tage of this. ..spine, itself~ mid its constitution.—
Directed by all these .bighly important ettntlitera,
tions, his Electoral Highness thought he could
not cast his eyes on a more deserving Mita than
his Eminence Cardinal Finch, whose apcintors.dis-
tinguished themselves in the 15th and 16th century,
in the public service in Germany ; and who, being
in the full vigour of his age, and already a Catch•
bail of the Holy See of Ro.ne, combines for this
purpose all the essential qualities in a supreme de-
greo. His Eledoral Highness has therefore de.
minded that Prelate of his Ho:iness, as his co-a&
jutor and successor ; be has likewise given informa-
tion of this to His Majesty, the Supreme Chief of
the Empire, conformably to his duty, in the full
confidence that, in his wisdom, he will give his ap-
probation to this determination, which is justified
by circumstances.
" His Lleßoral Highness has graciously charged
rise to make the present communication, to yrur Ex-
cellencies, and to request them to notify it to their
bijh and very high constituents. 6. In acqutitting
myself of these orders, I have the honour to be.
" Your Excel eney's most numble and devoted,
(Signed) "F. J. boss. D'ALIMiI."
" Retisions May 27, 1806.
(A true Copy)
" The Minister of Exterior Relations,
(Signed) •• Co. M•ttice TA LLIVRAN n."
[Here follow two Decrees, conferring the Prin-
cipality stud Dukedom of Benevento on M. Talky-
rand and his heirs male, and on Marshal Bernadotte
;and his heirs male, the Principality and Dukedom
of Pooto Corvo.)
105511, MAY i 4.
We are assured that the 44-dermas King of Naples
remains at Palermo, with some llnglish regiments,
while his consort resides at Messina ; no doubt to
