N 0.30, STRAND

THE BOAR of the CAPE; or, the FORTUNATE
EMBELLISHMENT.
There is a wild boar at the Cape of Good Hope
With whom if by choice or by chance you should cope,
Take care of your legs—for these first are his prey ;
Aware without legs that you can't run away 1.•
Inclin'd on a settler this prowler to feed,
The stranger was put to his uttermost speed
The wild waste athwart, but the boar taster ran.
And nearer still drew to the terrified man,
Exhausted who fell, and awaited his doom—
A horrible death in vitality's tomb !
Instinctively taught first to maim, and then slay,
The resolute savage now rushed on his prey;
But suddenly staid his ferocious pursuits,
Subdued by his shade in the settler's bright boots.
Some observing Hottentots now raise the cry—
" Save legs, safe Wes, up mums and fiy !'
When rous'd from his stupor, and conscious of grate,
The settler now wing'd o'er the desert his pace ;
The boar in his rear, but of wrath all unstrung,
And folCwing in fancy the friend of its young .
And thus was the curious adventure sustain'd,
'Till harbour and safety the party soon gained :
Wheii receding fast from the dwellings of man,
The boar to his haunts unmolestedly ran.
"'Twee Warren's Jet Blacking that ended tbe strife."
The settler exclaim'd, " and has saved thus my life !"
And Warren's Jet Blacking. now hunt as the cause
g safety, was shouted with repelling applause !
The circumstance soon even to Cape Town was spread,
Each fact multitudinous evidence backing ;
And now say the settlers," Both danger and dread
To shun, use the splendor of Warren's Jet Placking."
• It is a singular fact that this ferocious animal uniformly breaks'
the legs before taking the life of its victim.
This easy shining and brilliant Blacking, prepared by ROBERT
WA RHEN, SO, Strand, London ; and sold in every town in ale
kingdom. .iquid, in bottles, 6d. 10d. 12d. and IBd. each. Also
Paste Blacking, is pots, 6d. 1311. and 18d. each. A Shilling Pbt
of Paste is equal to lout Is. bottles of Liquid.

l'A R AM E. NTAR Y INTELLIGENCE.

1-1017 SE OF LORDS, MotroAY, 111Aacia 20.

SLAVERY.
Earl F I TZWILLTA M presented a petition fora Peterborough,
praying hie the abolttior of slavery.
The Earl of.ROSSLYN presented a similar petition from the
burgh of Cupar, in the county of File.
similar petitions were presented by Lord CA LTHORPE
a parish in Yorkshire ; from Clapham, in Surrey ; front Spencer..
place Chapel, Goswell.street.road t front Shifnail, in Shropshire ;
and from flindon. in Wiltshire.
CCIIRENCY OF SCOTLAND.

The Duke of ATHOL presented a petition from Sir D.MoneriefF
and other members of the Farming Society of Perth against any
alteration in the present system of banking in Scotland.
The Earl of ROSSLYN presented similar petition', from the fol-
lowing places :—From the Noblemen and Gentry of the county of
Fite; Trom Kirkaldy, Dysart, Bumtialand, and ham the Corpora.
now of the Trinity House of Leith.
The Earl of LAI;DERDAhIi presented *similar petition front
the burgh of Dunbar.
The Duke of MONTROSE presented aimilar petition+ front the
county of Dumbarton : from the Provost and I:ottricil of Glasgow ;
and front the merchants and other inhabitants of Glasgow.•

:111.4CELLANEOUS.
Crafer, from the Treasury, presented an account of the
number of Country hankers' notes stamped in Ireland since the
year 1790.
filr. Emit fmm the East India Company, presented an account
of the receipts and disbursements of the East India Dock enmpanr.
31r. Johnson, from the office of the Lifter secretary We Irdend,
psesentsd copies of certificates signed by ths•Lord Chancetior la
Cases of compensation,.
BILLS.

MT. STEWART WORTLEY:Iit:. OI.IIMMER. and other Mem-
bees of the House of Commons brought up the Small Tithes Sill
and onweem privatv Hilly. which were read a first time.
The :tliiitary and Marine Mutiny Bills were read a third time
and prts,M. - .

Their Lordships a,lj utrr.ed at a quarter after five o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, MONDAY, MARCH 20.

31r. Johnson, from the office of the Chief Secretary of Ireland,
brought up n return of the number of small notes issued by the
Bank of Ireland.

Mr. Crater, from the Treasury, brought up a report of the annual
income and expenditure thereof.
A report of the annual income and expenditure of the Commis.
sionera of Dover Harbour, was brought up.
