PARLIAMENTARY' INVELLIGENCE.
HOtIsE OF LORDS, Ww.Dpnitiiai, ARAM L ,
- CORN LAWS.
Earl SROSVENOR peessitsed.n petition ham tho Trona od'
/daoclealielid, praying fora repeal of the Corn Lana. Hie Lordship
observed, Wet the petitioners complained of the principles afro*
trade being applied to commetce and manufactures, and not at-
tended tothh egricultoral interest.
Tne Earl et DIA butt:minty did oat think the present a pro-
per time foe entering upon adiscusaion of that i amen/ult. measure ;
but he thought the landed interest entitled to protection. It was
not lair to actfuee the land.owners with wishing to ettend the prin-
ciples of tree trade to all other interests bat their own. When Par.
'lament had imcrfered with thoaillt trade, it yes with the approba-
tion of the parties whose interests were concerned, and upon that oc.
casino fklo.ooo/: were expended by the public to compensate for any
loss which might be sustained by manufbatuers and ahem dm.
cerned in that trade. Irony close of his litisjemy's sublet:to should
complain of any injury they might "Forehand from the application
of the principles of free mart.. to their particular interests, his Lon!.
ship declsred his willingness to support them.
Tire petition wax then read at length, and laid on the table.
Earl CIiONVENOR presented a 'tartlet esatitlKl flea) ,416.
churchwardens and other inhabitants of S. Leonardo Siattadiinn.--

'Lint ou the table. _
CURRENCY OP SCA7TI.II/11D.
The Dolts of ARGYLE. prosentra ' dearafsibili and
from Kinross, against any alteration in the present system of bank-
ing in lice. land.
The Earl of ROSEBERRY presented a grails/ fashion from
Caithness. •
The litiarqsa of HUNTLY presented slip", psalms bons
Elgin. Criimarrp, Cullen. Panay, Kandy, • an* ono Nom rho
Farming kiireiely of Danif.hire.
Tire C4rl of LAUDERDALE preeastml ornaragetitimmt from
Brachia, Ne•ten. ' an, and Dunbar.
C ENCY OF Iit&AAND. •
_.
A
The Earl of 1.1 M ' t ICK presented a petition IMO abs Mika-
bitants of the town of hlepel, in the cram/ of liiletrateki ,isodast.
any &lunation In the pramot *paean et banking is Ireland.
-SLAVERY. -.—
The Emi of M ALM EKSURY presented a pedants/rpm tilts in-
habitant* of the We of Wight, signed by 3,0111 paws% grapiest for
the abolition of slavery.
The Marquis of It IiNTLY presented • abrader petitioo tram
the worn of ll übtly. .
BRITISH AIIPPINO. •
The Duke of NORTH Ull 44 ND Pram* • illitiolt
from North &trait's, praying fee a protecting day at MAW*
Shipping.
MLISC'ELLANEOLTS. ._ •
Mr. Crafer. from the Treasury, presented an amount of drat
monies received from the Duras of the Adallsalty, and Other
WM altieN.
Ale. puoda., Mr. Aback, and other Members of the kisses pf
Commons, presented a Bill 40 enable DM, and Claviers in &g-
-land to exchange and dispose of certain lands ;" and acrid O-
vate Bilk
Their Lordships adjourn 'd at ilalf.prat Fire: airlock.
HOUSE OF CO3I Als37lWicioxiirigf,:4EF/t 4. . .

7.71-;t

The House met this day for the despatch of busioest, pursuant
to efjouroment.
The Speaker wok the Chair at the usual hour.
SCOTCH CURRENCY.
Mr. CAMPBELL presented a petition from the town of Argyle
against any alteration in the Scotch currency.—Ordered to be re.
fared to the Committee appointed to inquire into the eurreecy of
&Attend and Ireland.
Mr. M. GRANT presented a similar petition from Porten, and
also a similar petition from the Farmers' Club of Ban :shire.
Mr. HUME: presented a similar petition froM or of
Breehin.—Ordered to be referred to the Commile eel to
inquire into the currency of Scotland and *eland; 7lttaty
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY
Mr, CURWEN presented petitions from two Arne ih Cumber-
land, praying for the abolition of the slave trade.
Lord BELGRAVE presented a similtaCtition frets the city sf
Chester.
Mr. TREMAYNE presented similar Athlone ruin two pa-
rishes In Cornwall.
Lord G. CAVENDISH presented a similar klitimafronaliart-
nell, county. of Lancaster.
' The petitions were all ordered to lie on the table.
DUTY ON COALS.
Mr. GRATTAN presented a petition from the bototaboMese of
:Dublin. et-eying fora repeal of the•puty on Coals.
iris JOH N ISLKW PORT sappotterd tl,e 0191194.,
Mr. HUMS said there was ea taw more.romous Sh.driht dory-. •
on coal.. In a cold country like OK' th'etlgif duty on ousts woe
abominable. He hoped his Majesty's Ministers would tuna thole
attention to the subject., as they could not possibly grout 'a greatly
' boon to the country than the repeal of this duty.
Mr Al AURICE FITZGERALD said, the evil complaieed of
I was chiefly to be attributed to local taxation of
,the most vexatious-
nature.
Mr. TREMAYNE said, the duty on coals was severely felt ha
the West of England, and he hoped the Chancellor of the EAcite.
quer would turn his early attention to the subject.
The petition was then brought up, and ordered to lir on the
table.
REPEAL OF THE CORN LAWS. •
Mr. DAVENPORT presented a petition fron, the ailk-weavers
of Macclesfield, praying for an alteration in the Corn Laws.
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a similar petition from &c pe-
rish of St. Leonard's, Shoreditch.
Ordered to lie on the tehle.
DITTY ON LEGACIES.
Mr. DENMAN presented a petition from Michael Ward, of
illaecliester, praying a repeal of the duty or le per cent. on Intel's:
left to lioepitals.--Ordered to lie on the table.
LOCAL JURISDICTION (IRELAND) HILL.
On the motion of Mr. SPRING RICE, the Local Jorisdictien
(Ireland) Bill was read a second time, and ordered to be coonnitrad
to-morrow.
OFFENCES AT SEA BILL.
Mr Alderman WOOD brought up Inc Report on the °Tent=
at Se*Cill. •
Mr. BERNAL stated some objections to the Bill as at present
framed, but we could not catch their import.
U2dE thought the powers assumed by this Bill were most
extenelve. The 4i Geo. 11. (not the tlith, as stated in the Bill)
provided that all crimes committed at sea might be tried in that
country near which they were committed ; and he was not aware of
any case existing to require an extension of that Act.
Sir GEORGE t OCR BURN said the present Bill was ioterldrd
to apply to cases where the offences committed occurred abroad.
Probably the Hon. Member (Mr. Hume) was not aware, that el.
though the Governors and Commanders on foreign stations had the
power to try persons guilty of offences at sea, yet they had no
power to commit persons previous to their trial ; the consequerce
was, that the offenders were obliged to be detained on board shy.
however inconvenient such a circumstance might be. This 13:1:,
therefore, went to remedy that inconvenience.
The Report was then read, end the Bill ordered to be read a
third time on Friday night.
STAFFORDSHIRE WARE (PRIVATE) BILL.
Mr. LITTLETON moved the second reading of the Bill for
regulating the manufacture of Staffordshire Ware.
Mr. HUM E objected to the principle of thts Bill, sett interfered
with contracts and engagements between masters and men, and a
kind of interference which he considered beneath tegfidentm,
and calculated to bring it into ridicule. Masters and trorkftert
ought to be left to themselves. lie strongly objected against the
pottery manufacturers of Staffordshire introducing, under the name
of a private Bill. a law which would operate throughout the
United Kingdom ; and he hoped the Honourable M.rilber would
I not press the second reading.
Mr. LITTLETON said he was an perfectly Randal with the
provisions of the Bill. that he would give it his best support. and
should be much obliged if the Honourable Gentletnen (Mr Hume)
would prevail on the House to adopt this as a public Bill. Suet,
had been the freulls and vexatious conduct in consequence of the
continual alteration,' made in the sizes of the cups and other
articles of the pottery manufacturers, without any regard to ex ter.
ing regulations, that he thought it indispensably requisite that stone
system should be laid dawn: and the one now proposed was tiro
which, though not acted upon. had been established throoghout the
trade mime forty or fifty years ago. As it was proposed to tnskeserne
alterations in the Bill, it snail be best to let it go into the Com-
mittee. anti then it would be competent to consider any suggestions
that might be made.
After some conversation, in which Sir M. W. Ridley, Sir Jobe
Wrottesley, Mr. Maberly, Mr. R. Gordon, Mr. Abacromby,
and Mr. Ellice took part,
Mr. LITTLETON consented to postpone the second reading ef
the Bill until this day week.
The second reading wee accordingly postponed.
Mr. ABE IiCROM BY moved for a return of the number of
Jurors summoned in each county in Scotland, on or before January
itm. according to Act of Parliainent.--Ordered.
The Reuse then adjourned et a Quarter to Six o'Clock.
o
HORRID AND BRUTAL Otritosa.—o_
tm the night of
Friday last, the house of a man named Gavin, who minks in Be-
nasally, county of Weetmecth, within a quarter of a mile of this
town, was broken into by three blond-thirsty miscreants. Upon
entering, they proceeded to beat Gavin in a most unmerciful mat..
nor with large stones, which they carried with them for the We
pose. Gavin, after receiving some very severe contagions. Raving
reigned himself' dead, they next directed their brutal fury to- his
wife, who. on theit approaching her, took op her infant child. under
the vain hope that the having of the infant in her emu' would earn
as a protection, hot this was no shield against fell revenger O"w
forcing with a blow the eye teem the socket of the infant, they
upon the mother. and gave her such cruel treatment that her bile
despaired of. The cause assigned for this outrage is, 'that Gioia
had indicted a matt of very bad character some time before, for
breaking into his house in the night time and destroying hr. fur.
!thine, and that by doing so, he stimulated the friends of this
fellow to glut their revenge in this brutal manner.—Athione Montt
