'rtosion and kindness in Presiding on she present occasion.
•

p. This day is published, in Svcs. price 12a. boards,
iIHE ORIGIN, PROGRESS, and EXISTING CIR-
('I.3IsTANCES of the LONDON SOCIETY for PRO-
l:)TIN(; CHRISTIANITY antoupt the JEWS. An Histori-
', Inquiry.

By the Rev. H. H. MORRIS, A.ll.
P,rPctual Curate of St. John's Chapel, Hackney, Prebendary
of Landaft and Chaplain to the Earl of Shaftesbury.
Printed for J. Mammon, Ludgate.street.
Of whom may be had, by the satne Author,
Reipectful LETTER to the Right Honourable the Earl of
I.RPOOL. occasioned by a Speech imputed to his Lordship
the isle of Thanet Bible Society Meeting. aro. price 7s.
Awes.

%Is day are published, io 4to. illustrated by Seetbonr, Views,
C,,tumoi. aed Z.K.logical Figures. price 2/. 2s. in boards,
141 XCI. ItSIONS in MADEIRA and PORTO SANTO,
during the Autumn of 1823, while on his Third Voyage

By the late T. E. BOWDICH, Esq.
LAiductur of the :ilission to Ashantee, Honorary Member of the
Cambridge Philosophical Society, Sre.
To which is added, by Mrs. Bowdich,
1. A Narrative of the Continuance of the Voyage to its Comple-
' ". wart her with the imbireijuent Occurrences boor Mr. Bowdich's
Ararsi in Africa to the Period of his Death.
2. A Dercription of the English Settlement* on the River
3. APPeadir, containing Zoological and Botanical Descriptipas,
trC Tranalatiors from the Arabic.
Printed fur Geo. B. Whittaker, Ave Maria-last.

. • •
Family. The Furniture is modern, and consists of two drawing
room suits in chintz cotton, chimney glue 70 by U, four-post
bedsteads with hangings, beds and bedding, wardrobe, chest of
drawers, pedestal sideboard. set of dining tables, chairs, chef-
foneir4, carpets, oil-cloths, kitchen requisites, &r.
The House may be viewed till the Sale, and the Effects ore day
prexdin g. Particular' and catalogues may be had on the premises;
and of Winstanley and Sons, Paternostet-row.

Illay"be viewed, and Catalogues had one day previous to the sale
at Mr. Phillips's.

The Bishop of BATH and WELLS presented a petition from
parishes in the diocese of Bath and Wells, against the Claims of
the Catholics.

Lord HOLLAND presented a Petition in favour of the claims
of the Catholics from the Mayor, Alciermen, Common Councilmen,
and Liverymen of the City of Nottingham. The Noble Lord said
he felt it unnecessary to state that the ancient Corporation of Not-
tingham had always displayed considerable zeal in the maintenance
of civil and religious, liberty. They were thoroughly perstutded
that the restrictions which were formerly necessary were now no
longer no, and that their Catholic fellow-subjects were fully entitled
to all the benefits of the Constitution. _ _

Lord 1101.1. A NO then presented a petition of a similar nature
from the Pro. (-stunt Dissenters, denominated Unitarians, of die
town of Brighton. They felt it necessary to petition, in order that
they might he enabled to state that they were no party to the peti..
tions against the Catholics which had been pretested from that
Fawn.

Lord HOLLAND presented another Petition to the same erect
from the Protestant Dissenters of a Chapel in South-place, Fins-
bury. The Noble lord observed, that it was signed by several
hundred persons, he believed by almost the whole congregation.
The petition was couched in moat respectful terms. and he was in.
structed by those who signed it to say that, se a religious society,
they would not have approached the House. but would have left
Parliament in its wisdom to adopt such, measures as might seem
fit, but that they heard of petitions having been presented from
Protestant Dissenters who were inimical to the claims of the Ca-
tholics, and they were anxious to state that they did not agree with
them in those hostile sentiments.

The Petitions were set;;;llyThid on the table.
EQUITABLE LOAN IULL.
The Earl of WAitlf ICK presented a Petition from the Manu-
facturers of Birmiugliam in favour of the Equitable Loan Bill.

__ recreation Jorge a portion Of his Alajesty's Subjects
were concerned, as was in the Game Laws, that it,was deserving
of consideration. lie must however say that those who had hroweht
this measure forward would meet with more diffloulties than titer
were aware of. This had been talked of as a popular measure,
but whoever examined into the nature of the Bill would see that if
was one of the must tyrannical and despotic that could to imagined.
and emanating from the horrors of the French revolution. (A laugh
Noble Lords might 'laugh. but let them answer him if thew could.
The present measure would only serve the large proprietOrs, bet
deprive all others of the amusement. He admitted that the Lord
of the manor had a right to pursue game, but not to claim it as
property. The principle of this law went to make all proprietors
poulterer., and all sportsmen robbers. He perfectly concurred wit!:
the Noble Lord in the mischiefs of poaching. and sheald rut ob-
)ee to any remedy that might be proposed for it. (Hear.) Not that
he considered the present measure as such, far from it ; at.d tint
was the reason of his opposition to it. The preset Game I,lws be
considered as having been of benefit in more than one irstmer.
They had for example prevented the gent ral arming or t,:e roantry.
which would be at times extremely dangerous; whilst I.) the pro-
posed measure every man would he able to bear arm,. He con..
eluded by moving, ;is an amendment, that the 8.11 be mai that day
six months.
morals 411'4;hr lot wtbeer
orders by rearing ;ha came. but the bpienrean Alderman, wits
iinTdhieerdi:::ti,oofm3olidA
he said to rt.aptitu
the
demanded the game of his poulterer,. who applied to the earner.
thatra
who gnt it from the poacher. rhos it was the consumer that C
all this in motion. not the proprietor. He should
nical.ore. cons,lered that the.. madame a [tat el
on their estates wan one great ottaltlelo of English posoperkty.
present laws were an inducement far dream to edsles,
and he therefore thought them preferable to the peopowil BlrrWilt
ironic! on the contiwy act as a discouragement This would lint;

___
,
„
' :. •,.•--
.
--- . •- : -. . . ogis--......=---O-: .. • o
, _
. _______--- - _ . • • ... ,
-:' . . .
r-", -L.-. ;
19
,/...: "
~..7 -.1
/ .2,ttf
,/,./"f ti' _ Pet Cest . . 4
•
i ,/;7•4 , vir 0, ." .
.// - / // (7 ' '/
d ( ../L6 i';7_, - z-Z.---z- -i--rr'i.--"...-7 , ///,/ - - ---- •„...-7..---c..--€ d.---z-- zo' Air. i ,r.,,N ~. ... ~
~... 4. .
,
_ ~---/i ,--v 4- . ,r,". o<e,,,..____ (t. , ./...1 Ae
..."°. . :
......,.,,t......,*..4116;:.. .
t.„ \ W I .--yr , .
7/t ' ' -../
t.
..i
• I ~.."
/ .
' •-- 42i4•• ft • ' .
•-•
•7. ." • .; ' 11 ir
..
,k 1 . is . ' _ ••• .
• i • , -' • 4io - ' *<-' • . '
i 1 \ * - ._. \ AI.
va,i to - Title -wet. - --,werve=stvausswvv---r-- - ----- *' • ,'Ol, .
. , ....-.." -
64418:16°3511a- - . , .
. sew„4l4 ..ell' • • '..A. ' t-•1i ' 01 1111111: rar I or
lr IC> slsll --...,1 4 ..:4,.,F, I.
1.714.--'6"3:1::..
• . - •- J
~ - LA* ' I
e-c ,::,11 SA .a • 0.." : .1' ~., i' t , ..
• -. • j egos-, • sew emesi OM NWA T- '.... .
. • . ' . • '-- ' 0 f`' AR ' ...411" •
...., . • . .
" _, . .
_.. A ' , 't
•ssomosmommianoo4 'worrwilficiser. t
Nos 7,000. LONDON TUESDAY, MAY 10, 1825. Price7d.
_ _______ ...... _•
.......... e . _______ ____..._
. . .
OFFICE OF. ORDNANCE, April 23., NU To Sell positively in the second week in June, SALES BY AUCTION. I'ARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE. Viscount DUDLEY and WARD presented a PetitioN taller
, reHE Principal Officers of his Majesty's Ordnance do VOR MADRAS and CA I.('UTTA, the fine Teak _ -nseto-_ same effect from Trowbridge. in the County of Wil ' It. . •
1, hareby girt notice, that Proposah will be received at their .1: Ship VICTORY, Sunken Gm Tons, CHARLES FAR- Houss•Or LORDS, MoNDAT, MAY 9. The Earl of LAUDERDALE said he had to present a Petitiele
Ace in Pall-mall, on or before SATURDAY, the 14th day of QUHARSON, Commander, lying in the City Canal. Mit. II EN R Y WILSON gortteitifully informs the
from persons who having, as they stated, been sufferers in coma-
-. go nem. from web pawns as way be willing to supply this De- Is fitted atOreasly far Passengers, and carries sn experienced Public, that the Mansion and te t. AIN Ii.ETHANI
CATHOLIC CLAI3fS. quence nt' the went of such a society, had thought proper to prism*
PARK PLACE, which advertlhAfitn for Sale by Auc.
unseat with Surgeon. Lo:d ROLLE presented petitions from the parishes of Aylee. • petition in favour of the Equitable Loan Bill. Tl.e perking
e-' A sUANTITY OF HIDES, }or Freight or Paesege, apply to Messrs. Cockerel% Trail, aod SED OF BI PRI- bete, Ginishon, Herpford, °denim, Faringdon, and Rochieere, in wait from various peroms confined in the Fleet Prison of loottleo.**
den at (layaway's on °tenth inst. iso
%ATE CONTRACT,
girding to a Specibcation which may be obtained upon applies- Co., Austin Friars; Mr. J. L. Heathorn, 40, Caleman-street; or
.to the county of Devon, against the claints of the Roman Ca. Lord DACRE askei if the Noble Earl (Lauderdale) had se.
~, st, the Secromary's Office, in Pall-mall aforesaid. to BUCKLES, BAGOITER, and BUCHANAN, i_latt°ll-g_ard"' 31a7 9.2115. tholles. . teived Such information na would allow their lemishil sto proceed
The Tenden to be maiked on the ositside. " Tender for Hides." 33, Mark-lane. -111 WH EE LW RIGHTS, CA RPENTESs, sm ITHs, Gard H./No said, that as he saw a Noble lewd, who had a few to the second reeding or the Equitable lawn Bin?
1
By Order of the Board. FIRE-WOOD CUTTERS, AND OTHERS. days since presented a petition from Sidmoutio in his place, he The Ear! of LAUDERDALE was surprise:l at the questin et
W. I;RIFFINe Secretary. VGYPTIAN- TRADING COMPANY.-The 1/iree- BRIXTON WASHWAY. • would take the opportunity of making a few remarks upon the ob. de Noble Lord. His Noble Friend (Lord Dacres had ender-
---- tors inform the Public. that they will be obliged to CLOSE By Mr. HENRY WILSON, servationa that Noble Lord had then made. Those ohservations toured to show diet the Anocietion Was for the purpons nf cha-
-
OFFICE OF ORDNANCE, April 25, 1925. --4
me LIST of SUBSCRIPTIONS on FRIDAY NEXT the On the Premier, eatt Bnxton, THIS DAY, at Pt, related to a gentleman who was formerly Member foe Waterfha, rity t but he (lewd Lauderdale) had shown that thia Society would-
HE Principal Qfficers of his ilfcliesty's Ordnance (it
IstreSy give Nonce, that Proposals will be received at their
re in PAH-mall, on or before SATURDAY, the 14th day of
1 13th instant, till which ti 1. ' •
me app mations may he addressed either
to :Messrs. Sir Richard Carr Glyn SIPLs Hallifa and Co
Bankers; or Mr. Edward Josephs, -No'. 7, eapel' -court': or to Mi. By direetlon of the Assignees. and they had givet him great pain. lie (Logi ging) hail reeeived have its pawn branch, and its loan branch, and that it would not
THE STOCK in TIIIA DE and EFFECTS; of Mr. a statement, which it was necessary should be made known. to onlylstiPeosede the businesprsofiotf
hpyawlennbdroinkgersinionnetyh_isaciottridnf,tryt
w,hbidiut
Roger Won, wheehnotaho &o. ; mmr.faing a quantity of the Noble Lord, in order to give him an opportunity of explaintrig mei el have considerable
to next from such Persons as may be willing to supply this John o. e
---1 - ' o “ePuellsoll Clarke, Solicitor to the Company, No. 14, Austin oak, chesuut. Elm, Ambi.!„lrbele, and Beech, in plank, Boards, the word, he had, on that occasion..made use of. The oePorts in the looOlse Lord on al! Weolsack would find somewhat bordered on
egortment mien Fries.
A QUANTITY OF IRON SKIDDING, slabs &c,. ; 1,200 Oak es and Rails ; Ash Penn ; Oak, the tleallooPers that had reached Sidmouth. stated tlhe lamoible
ilfonhd u.ecTwO• It
dowas. DOt. his object to.delay this Bol.; bat lio, only ob..
to say, that the =lemon alluded to had fled from reta . el.as to tirsuce to the public byzposing tt. The papers for
wording to a Specification which may be obtained upon applies-
T"E . ROYAL CORNISH MINING ASSOCr- ticthyaisefe (Lord King) un mai his Lordship, he hod said that the gemtle. notch he had moved were, he belies, , now in the possession of
Olechett;A,
sahndAxAletshreeFeßileide: annet Stutpodkidesd;wo4:isSai/nlsd;sahat.qutsan
to at the Secretary's Office, in Pall-mall aforesaid.
ATION. SP , 1
and Cart Bodies, Trucks ; several Hundred Weight of old Iron, man mule but a goor return for the exertions et' the North llevon is.n officer, who remained with them at the done of the House.
roe Tenders to be marked on the outside, " Tender for
Skidding." By Otder of the Board, The Committee of Management beg leave Publicly to announce. a large quantity of wieful Wood, about 30 Loads ef Dueg and Ma- militia, wbon in irelan. d, b.y stirring up the people of Devon to acts O.tonse time appeared to him to be absolutely neceasory to form a
thVsthehey hay_
,e this day allotted. the Shares among the numerous nure and numerous other effects. of discord. Ile believed it was thus the newspaper* had codes- Judgment on thou papers, and on a question oleo much importance
IV. GRlFFlN,Secretare.
a had teijo=" h
L___ su on ra, sou at the same time to state that there has been no ,a.ay be viewed, and Catalogue% on e set ;at t e voured to 'replan what the Noble Lard load.sard. Now the paper it was material to proceed cautiously.
- OFFICE OF ORDNANCE, April 25, 1825. reservation of them whatever, so that the whole number of Shares Skinners' Arms, Kennington; of Me. Farden,' . Ng, /nu ; he (Lord King) held in his hand stated, that the gentleman referral Lotd DACRE *as ready to consult the convevience of all partite, '
-
of which the Association consists (except forty to be held Ise each and of Mr. Henry Wilsowo 105. Hinton-gardtm. • . to hadnot fied from Irebood, but remained there during all those but was surprised to haw the Noble Earl's observation, as the
iiiiE Principal lefleers of his Majesty's Ordtiqurc do
Ol ember of the Committee as a qualification), has been distributed
L hereby, give 160DCP, that Proposals will be received at their
to the public. LtirASE HOLDS, IiAEKNEY-ROADe House of .Poeltealinete. This document was slotted by several of the Hone.
4
.. in Pallenoll, on or before SATURDAY, the 14th daLof Signed, by Order of the Commiwee,
JAhl ES FLORANCE, Secrete*. MOM respectable gentlemen of ;admen ih. The Earl ef LAUDERDALE said that they might have beep
fay next. from such persons as may be willing to supply this e. _ _ . By
fleXiOr' fliligLigg. N.
ul o.ooe. lin. e Lord ROLLE *BO, that what be had before stated bo woo sew laid upon the utile. but were certainly again taken from it. They
At °areaway's. on 2 ~ ay •ail .
foment with 55, Finsbury-square, May 9,1823- clam& um immitai(H, HOLisR'S, goitigr Woe. aa,.... witlitm to moth. He Soul andynnal the manner in ohich the pe- were rnatainl to show how ihe Society that wae held up to the
*QUANTITY OF If Al_g_ CLOTHS AND WADMILE - ~. ,
ve li 20 21 22 23 and 24, GoldsrnitbsOterrare, rear the Gold. tionn had been got up, butwith respect to the observation that the riblic wee not in the xlightess degree charitable; if it were duo.
i • **To •' TILTS, GRC"IND-RENT COIII'AN a. sk-,ioie'Ato,;_ho'„ae.,, Haekney.road ; let to good tenants, at rents gentleman entitled to had " lied" nom Ireland, he (Dord Itnlle) rity itecas indeed charity of a vety strange naium
jakadiel tap ion wteledtwasT he eldeiled operimptita- Capital. 250,000/. Sterling. held far sixty-eight years, at 24/. knew that he had not fled, for lie served with him in Ireland after Idotd• SUFFIELD said. he had never understood thet the So-
Nett Office, iff Ptill-mall aforesetd. In Shares of 23i. each • Deposit 2/. per Share. amounting to 1164 per annual ;
the transactions referred to, ana he knew of no gentleman wilt) hail &ay had professed to be a charitable society; but it was instituted
ria to be marked on the outside, " Tender for Hair This Company bas beets estabbshed for the sale, solid, and pro.
Oath; OA" By Order of the Board, , pelirlaava‘bemViewed, and Particulars had-at the Nag's Head, Back- performed his duties with more oropriety ; but he had said that he ,to prevent the monopoly of pawnbrokers, and their icupropec
fitable employment of Capital in " The Creation of Ground-tents - e o • • and of Mr. Henry Wilson, 106, Hat. left in cotingy to reside in a pacific vale, where he stirred up the I oneiluet: doler the'Sotiety might by considered charitable: but no
W. GRIFFIN, Secretary. and Reversionary Interests," by the purchase of or taking o l'elsrmi •; at arraWel as
public mind. The meetiOg at which the petition Was agreed to was 1 farther.
Lease, Freehold, Copyhold, and Leasehold Land, and Allotting
1111 SH WHISKEY SALE. . ten-garden.
SMALL FREEHOLD, IA SIEHOUrbo held at a publis house, and he had been informed that only twelve ; ?be Ford of LA lIDER DA LE said, that he mill not allow OW •
. . PORT OF LONDON, April 28, 1625. and betting the same on Building Leases for tOe advance of Capi- persons attended. Ile incline mean to dispute the right of any 1 obwintat of the Noble Lord's to pass withont notice. He had
. FOR SALE, tal, to the Tenants of die Conipanv, in nid of their building opera- By Mr. HENRY WILSON, gentlema- to ;melon the House, and to express his sentiments, bi.t end ehatshisSonety was instituted in order to prevent the mono-
Oats. and fire the purchase of Original and Unproved Ground- . At Gnrraway's on THURSDAY, 'lay 12, at 12, he ttsought it indiscreet. ifnot lo proper in any pereon to come front poly of' Pawnbrokers, and this was the moat extraordinary lan.
n y oat. of Me Honourable Me Commissioners if his
k rents and Reversionary Property, absolute or contingent.
LILA GsitEuNateTENOE.LI, FRitichEEtrHeeto.l:Dshon.rtEdSistlLEN6ConlE,ldatjtneirboabuisel a disturbed country and to endeavour to. disturb this. guage he (Lord Lauderdale) had erer heard. The Noble .Lord
13 pygei Rai. Rerefeat• ill a sPacions Room' at ."e Applications for tbe remaining Shares may be Made by letters, The Earl of ',IMO:RICK bald that the tut sentence of the Noble might ati well say that the Society for supplying the metropolis with
rod Mee; Old Broad-etreet, -on WEDNESDAY, the llth, post paid, addressed to " The Committee of Management," at the Church, its the county of Alidellesex. .
bud regained some explanation. He had said that he thoeght it fish was to prevent monopoly amtmg the tishirongiers, or that the
ftIURSDAY, the 12th, FRIDAY, the 13tb, and MONDAY, offices of hlessrs- Andrews nod CHO, '6, Great eVinehester-street ; The premises' are now in the occupation of A MOBi resPonsibla te- highly indiscreet, if not improeer, us' any person to come alld NOW Seciety for sipplring the City; with Milk was tO prevent mounoolv
IA 16th days of May, 1825, at One u'Clock in the Afternoon of
or 13, Holborn-court, Gray's Inn. . nant, at only 241. per annum. dissenolon Rotting die Milk oellers; or that the Steam Washing Company ern
eseh Day PreciPelb The committee of 3lanagement are ready to receive proposals slay be viewed by leave of the Tenant. Particulars had sit die Lord ItOLI.E said that the Noble Earl had mistakes! his ex. instituted te delo-oy monopoly among the washerwomen. Ile (Lord
ABOUT SIA THOUSA ND GALLONS OF IRISII
WHISKEY, for the purchase -of Land and Sites of Ground in eligible situa- Britannia, Limehouse ; at °areaway's; and of Mr. 11. Wilson, pression. Lauderdale)would contend, that the Society advocated hy the Noble ;
By Order of the Board, 105, II atton-gardeu. The Earl of LIMERICK said, t! at at least the Noble Lord hid Lord was to create and not to destroy monopoly. The Earl of Lauder-
sot °fetich has been redistilOd, and which are allotted to 'ac corn- ti°n° for building purPn°°°.
.7. A. IVOOLRYCH, Secretary. spoken oi coming to disturb a peace Oil vale, and had spoken with dale then presented a Petition from die King's Bench Prison, in,
osege private persons as well as dealers who may wish to become - , peculiar action and manner. But die Gentleman alluded to, in- favour of the Equitabie Loan Bill.-Tim Noble Earl then pre-
pursuers. LEA-4EHBOyLIpir.fHIOEINTSRISYS,
ISvO.I"ii,svIERNS.-TOWN.
stead of wishing to disturb tbe peaceful vale, hut been anxious to mord a Petition against the Equitable Loan Bill from the Oler.
CatalorUeS to be had and samples seen at the Excise Warehouse- nRITISH INSTITUTION, PALL-Ma I. V.---The
tfeatr i
' Office, Tower-hill, from Friday. the dth, to Tuesday, the II GALLERY, with a SELECTION of PICTURES bi At °areaway's, on THURSDAY NEXT, at 12, in Four Lots,
t.lyeascihtuhaotues,eNcoons: y .
leave the subject in which he Wan interested to be decided altogether chants, Bankers, and Inhabitants of Manchester.
b the wisdom of Parliament. Ile did not, therefore petition, but The Earl of HA REWOOD presented a Petition from Sheffield,
lbe of May, 1825, from Ten till Two o'Clock, and on the Slone- LIVING ARTISTS of the BRITISII SCHOOL, WILL B THREE bmridck23-buDielatr.l.l.o6UceSEsoSn,,
21. 22„ . • - . ,
. of Ogle; the samples of the Day's Sale only from Ten :ill OPENED on FRIDAY NEXT, the 111th inst., from Ten in the advised the patties from whom the Noble Lord (Rolle) presented in favour of the Equitable Loan Bill.-The Petitions were sere-
,ng eprsleasa-townn
rains six good rooms, washbouse, and garden, and are let on agree.
a petition, tn act in the same manner, and leave the decision of the rally laid en the table.
Telt, o'Clock. Morning until Six in the Evening. ment to good tenants, at 2.rd. per annum each. Also, two neat
uestion to Parliaruent ; aud be was only induced to petition the • CORN LAWS.
Admission 10-Catalogue Is. Ilouses, Nos. 2.1 and 26, in Little Clarendon-street, let at 20/. per til, .
EAST INDIA HOUSE, April 97, 1824. The Subscribers to the Print from Mr. West's Picture of "Our minuet.' each. The estates ire held for 65 years unexpired, at low nouse in conseques.ce of an opposite petition having been pre- The Doke of RICHMOND presented a Petition against any
rrIE Court or Dirertors rf the United Company (
. Os, Siviour Healing the Sick in the Temple," who have not received pared. This was then the extraordinary conduct of the geedeman alteration in the Corn Laws.-Iguil on the table.
ground rents.
oi. merchants of England tradin,g to the East ladies Ito Rer4Cl, their I'mpeessione, may receive them upon payment of the remain- - • who had been represented through the newspapers as having fled
d 1 ' 1 1 1 I PII T ' Somers
May be viewe , ant remelt ars tat at tie el avern, . . . . • SMALL DEBTS.
.iie loth's, der of their Subscriptions at the British Institution dailO. town ;at °runway's; and of Mr. Henry Wilson, 105, Hatton- trom his country, and this assertion was mode twenty-seven years E. ol
a FORTESCTJE presented a Petition from KingsOridge,
. Thit a General Court will be held at their 'louse in LeatlenOall-
su je , wever, ia ,in in the County of Devon, in favour of the laws for the rnovery
f
ejtecon WEDNESDAY, the II th May next, rom Eleven o'Ciock soc/E-•.-
I r INSTITUTED for the ENCOURAGE- garden.
-- - his opinion, been too much talked of alreaily, and he wished it of Small Debta.-Laid on the table.
in Oik'orenoon until Six in the Evening, to Ballot on the follow- NG GREAT ORMOND. might be now laid at
COACH-HOUSES AND STA 11L1 . ,
~ , rest• The Earl of DONOUGH3IORE fomented • Petition from the.
A AISPIT of ARTS, MANUFACTURES, and GO3l-
- *anon, agreeably to the Act cf the 51.1 th Geo. 111. cap. 83, YARD. Lord ROLI.h said that he had otl
. y acted on the information he Landed Proprietors of Cork, praying for telief.-Ladd on the table.
31ERCE. . By Mr. HENRY WILSON. had receive.% but this lie knew, that 450 persons had signed the ABOLITION OF SLAVERY
t April 29, 1825.
~ hat this Court confirm the Resolution of the C,ourt of Rine- At Garrsway's, on THURSDAY NEXT, at 12, in Three Lots, petition he had presented, while the counter-petition contained Lord CLIF ' • ' ' - •
DLN presented a petition from Salisbury, praying
The ANNIVERSARY DINNER of the Society will be held
ttes the 30th ultimo, whereby the Commander and Owners of A Capital Range of FOUR brick-built COACH- only 50 names. for the abolition of slavery. The Noble Lord, in support ot the
on WEDNEODAY, the llth instant at the London Tavern,
tbe ship Kent, are fully acquitted from all imputation of . - . . . ' 1--I. HOUSES and STABLES, with Lofts and Dwelling The Archbishop of CANTERBURY presented a petition prayer of the petition, caumented on the injustice of roStsarg to
Bishopsgatastree_ oat Six o c precesely. nd 30 Great against die claims of the Catholics, from the inhabitants of Gil- ad 't
see or misconduct, in respect to the loss of that ship."
Tickets ma be had at 20s. each (which includes the whole Rooms over, desirably situate, Nos. 27, 28, 29, Ss . . .. . . . _ _ int the testimeny of slaves in a court of justice.
I der to determine by such Ballot, whether three parts in 1 , . ; _,. Ormond-yard, leading out of Great Ormond-street, in the parish of iingitam, to tne county or &mt. Earl GROSVENOR said, that their Lordships must rest, not
at the Society s House or the London Tavern.
St. George the Martyr, let to tenants of the first respectability, and The LORD CHANCELLOR presented petitions to the same upon the exertions of the Legislature, but upon themselves if doe
ha the Proprietors present at such General Court, concur with ..p. Ile
exit isnitii, al Hiohnes the Duke,of SUSSEX, Pres. in the Chair.
the rt of Directors in acquitting the Commander and Owners 1 se- s producing about 1001- net lor annum : held foe an neexPieed term effect from the inhabitants of Burslem, in the West Riding of meant to abolish slavery ; but that they might rest assure•d tlicy
STEWARDS. York, from Tamwortholn the county of Warwick, and front the
oft late ship Kent, from all imputation of neglect, or miscon. ...... . of 33 years, at a trifling ground-rent. could unto pia au end to the slave trade, unless they put an eret
J. flume, Esq. 11I.P. F.R.S.
the pecting the loss of that ship. May be viewed by leave of the tenants, and pa .
rticulan had at parish of Wellingborough.
the petition contained die names of many hundred persons, acd The Earl of RADNOR obaerved, thin he was anxione for some
ts illiam Adams, Fare
Papers respecting the loss of the said ship are open at this . o 9
li , for the perusal of the Proprietors.
jes
PETER AUBER, Assistant Secretary.
HOTEL GIRAUDIER, 48, HAYMARKET. James Burbidge, losq.
Layton Cooke, Esq.
DEPARDON has the honour to inferrii the No- IVilliam Evans, Esq.
is bility and Gentry who have hitherto patronised his Este- Olictusel Hoy, Esq. George D. 3lidgley, Esq.
Robert Nichol, Esq.
Henry Coxwell, Esq. F.L.S. James Pillar, Eeq.
Edward Quin, Esq.
Henry W. Reveley, Esq. the Crown, Great Chmond-yard; a 3lr. Dever, Soliciter, Dorset. The Duke of YORK presented a petition of a similar nature : i
street, Fleet-street ; at °areaway's ; and of Mr. H. IVilson, 105, from the minister, churchwardens, and parishioners of Edmonton,
FREEHOLD PUBLIC-HOUSE. ItOTHERII ITH E.
By Mr. HEN KY WI LSON,
At °areaway's. on THURSDAY NEXT, at 12, that lie cordially concurred in the prayer of it.
Similar petitions were presented by the Bishop of EXETER,
from two parishes in the county of Cornwall. wad Some proposition on thui subject ;OP otherwise he Miguel
feel Uhl' duty so to do. . •
Noble Lord to bring the subject of TOO. Barials berme the HOLISM. •
If he could not now receive an assurance that it would be done, lot
would wait for a fortnight, and would now give notice of his inter- , 1
to slavery. Ile hoped his Majesty's Minister+ would conic forwa-ct
• William Brockedon Es . John Ol•Arthur, Esq.
1
in the county of Middlesex. His Royal Highness observed, that '
Ilatton•garden. IRISH BURIAL BILL. -•
_ George Cottam, Esq. James Pearsall. Esq.
s.tment, that considerable Additions and Improvements hare George Ilenry Hunter, Esq. William Tooke, hog. F.R.S. A NET INCOME of 33/. per annum, amply secured By Earl hl A NSFIELD, 'from the inhabitants of Perth. den, this day fortnight, to bring this question before their Loot-
Sonde. tending to the ComMrt and Accomniodation of the John C. Curwen. Esq. 31. P. Richard Wilson, Esq. F.A S. and arising from a Freehold Public-house and wine-vaults, By the Bishop of st. DAVID'S, from Oystermouth, in the shim
Visa. and that an extra Coffearoom has been opened from 133, The DISTRIBUTION of R WARDS will take place at the the King's Bead. hove-lane, Rotherhithe, near Ol ill-Pond-bridge. Minty of Glamorgan, front Llanmill and another parish in Rad- .f-
-he Earl of LIVERPOOL seriously renuested the Neble Lord
Jeen-street. King's Theatre in the Haymarket, on IiIOND.I I , May 30, in thecounty of Surtey. The premises have recently been repaired norshire, and several small petitions from various parishes in - h - • • • • -
to consider w ether ur not at would be advisable to aro eresek _ -
irties may be accommoilated with private Dinnergooms. particulars Of which will be duly advertised. bv the tenant at a considershle expense, and are let on lease to hint Wales.
motion before the Ilouse. A Bill had 'leen brought in dunne tOs
01. Foreign Wines of the finest quality. Suppers after the By Order, ARTHUR AIKIN, Secretary. o - '
fora yeas*. , By. the Duke of WELLINGTON, from the Mayor and COT.. last Session respecting burials in Ireland ; a discussion had takr:i
Opt, as usual. , May be viewed, and particulars had on the premises ; at the place poration of Norwich. place, and he was happy to state that the Bill had answered the i••-
~ the TWENTIETH ANNIVERSARY MEET- INCORnPdOaltthAe TimEmE:ciltleTPEurßonAalgteYofrhti:N;i:
jessotyc lET Y, olfs,,sitolen;,olfo.6llriZtotounng;aBonielincitor, %Vest Smidifield ; and of Mr. H.
of Tthlee Lismhpa in) off:aNth'tol".Vsit(i;tlll' till:afrmnenany"Xiatilo)nes"ttioionveinbefeanvw„-r tereeld purPC:treSitice
itherfilinhg id& tittle' Billl,gtiT inedtnveniet,ts :' i
'NfOsef tbe BRITISH and FOREIGN SCHOOL SO- PRESIDENT.
LEASEHOLD ESTATES, CLERKENWELL, cently laid upon their Lordships' table, the object of which was to Ile hoped, therefore, rhat the Noble Lnrd would reconsider too
I i r Wad in Freemasons' Hall, on Monday, May 9, His Grace the Duke of SOMERSET. withhold from a certain class of persot a those civil privileges to
By Mr. HENRY WILSON. subject before he aoain disturbed a subject which was too
'DANIEL SY Kf:S, Esq., M.P., in the Chair. Tile ANNIVERSARY FESTIVAL of this INSTITU- which all damn were entitled by the Constitution under which we at toot
lighairman opened the business of the Meetirg, and called TION will be celebrated at the Freemasons' Hall, TO-MOR- At Garrawafe, on THURSDAY, May 12. at 12, in Two Lots , live, and that fur no other reason than that they held different re- -• ' •
Ihe Earl of LIM . . -
FRICK said the' as an Irishman Its hoped
sn 'n Rev. Mr. C amp, one of the Secretaries, to read the Report.
.ROW, the lith of May, A Valuable and Improvable LEASEHOLD ESTATE, ligious opinions -opinions whi:ll, although he certainly believed to the subject would not be again agitated, and he trusted that the
".11 Right Hon. lend John Ruosell. ALP., moved, Wiliiam • .. Sir JAMES MACKINTOSH, hI.P. in the Chair. .Llik consisting of Two respectable Residences (to one of which be erroneous, lie did rot think formed sufficient grounds for de- ood f h 'bl Earl I d ld allow it to remain as
g sense oae Nu e t(a 'ion wou
Eon, Es,i, m.p., seconded. and it was resolved unanimously,
The Nobility, and Friends of Literature in general, are earn- there is a capital Grocer's Soop), situate in a great public tho- priving them of the advantages which others enjoyed. He knew n io. r
I •.'hat the Report now read be approved, and printed under the 'see invited to concur in the objects of a Society, incorporated for TOOSIIDISC, being Nos. 22 and 23, Exmouth-street, 1
C erken well, several Clergymen in various parts of England, and especially in Lord CLIFDEN said that the Rill passed during the les' Se-.
ninon of the Committee. ' the Relief of Men of Genius in Distress, who have benefited the adjoining Spa-fields' Chapel. The House, with Grocer's Shop, is the county of Norfolk, who had more enlarged ideas of civil sion had aoswered every e. l'he tut...chief had since abatoe
If Rev. S. Dwight, et the United States of North America. world by their writings. let on lease to a most respectable Tenant, who paid a premium, liberty than many of their brethren, and who had at heart the real ' • • rurPe" "
and dead Catholic,' as well as dead Protestants,• wore buried 1.
oni, 31. Maneakis Oats the behalf of 31. Orlando, one of the STEWARDS. who is bound to insure, and who has expended several hundred interests of the Established Church. He had the honour to pre- ' •
peace. He understood, however, that in some parishes in Ilnglatti
ton Deputies) seconded, aed it was reeolveri unaeimously- Lord Viscount Strane,ford Jamb; Duncan, Eeq. pounds on the Premises, at 601. per annuni. The other House is sent a petition in favour of Catholic Emancipation, signed br be- the church bells not permitted b h D. - •
to e .runp W CO lisSelift,
OThit this Meeting is deorrous of exoressing, In the most re- Right Hon. Wm. Huskisson. LC. Ilumfrey. Esq. also excellently well situate for retail trade, but is at present let at a tween 80 and 90 Clergymen-men who did not yield to any of their died, and he thonght such an I Id b lao '
angement s tou e • igue ,
*el manner. the gratitude of the Sisciety fur the countenance hit
.p. Mr. Sheriff Key . low old rent of only 421. The Estate is held for an unexpired term brethren, either in piety, in learning, or in cordial attachment to • h
AWN,' WO .
edupport afforded by his Most Gracious 31ajesty. . Si, Stamford Riffles I Andrew Atieville, Elm. of 51 years at a gmund-rent. the Ecclesiastical Establishment. Ile thought the petition worthy Too Ea,l of RADNOR said that the Bill did not at all Pads!! .
11
'fie Rev. George (lay ton moved, the Rev. S. Armstrong se. orm. R. Ramilt„ Esq. I Andrew Ramsay, Esq. May be viewed. Particulars had at the King's Arms, Ex. of the attention ot their Lordships, and therefore bged that it him, and he hoped to !save an opportunity of showing the ero.-
seed . and it was resolved unanimously- Henry Alexander, boo Richardson, Esq. 11I.D. mouth-street, Clerkenwell ;of Mr. Devey, Solicitmo Dorset- might be read at length. 'ln i ties It had produced.
&Theo this Meeting contemplates with high satisfaction the ex- Rudolph Aekermanns Esq. Lancelot SindwelleEsq. street, Fleet-street ;at Harraway's ; and of 31r. H. Wiles°, 105, The petition was then read. Mt. Dundee. Lord Ebringtan, and other Members frhn 0 e
s
tome diffusion of knowledge among all ranks of the cotton. •
l'honnas Cadell. Esq. Charles Stutfield, Esq. Hatton-garden. Lord SUFFIELD conceived that be should not do his duty if House of C mons, b ht up several private Bills. •
.!r:yi and puticulorly the progress made in the religious instruc- Henry Canton, Esq. William 'bloke, Esq. F.A.S. DESIRABLE LEASEHOLD PROPERTY FOIL he did not add his testimony to that of the Right Rev. Prelate and MIF from hE g"
bl 1 13 k Com
• , r. me, t e quite e emn an pany, present..l
nos of youth, try means of the British System of Education. Harry Cook, Esq. Edward Williams, Esq. INVESTMENT, state his k • •
nowledge that there were not in the kingdom more en- certain papers pursuant to an order of the House.
thenghout Great Britain and Ireland ; and acknowledges with John Collingwood, Esq. Red Lion-street, Holborn, lightened and pious men than the Clergy of Norfolk, who agreed (JAME LAWS A3IEND3IENT BILL.
outude the assistance which the Society has• received from se- Tickets, oos. eaeh, to lie ha of the Stewards; also at the By Mr. H. WILSON, cordially in the sentiments professed by the Right Rev. Perlin on The Order of hTO f -1) 1 '• ftb li L
i e oy or t esecon =tong o c ame toe -
real Auxiliary Societies during the past year. Chamben of the Society, 4, Lincoln's Inn-fields; and at the Bu this subiect.
At Garraway's, on THURSDAY, Slav 12. at 12. in Three Lots, • • • • • • Amendment Bill was then read. i
The lemons of LANSDOII :O said, that lre had a petition to
:Spring Rice, Esq. M.P. moved, Daniel O'Coneell, Esq. se- of the Freemasons' Tavern. A NET INCOME of 180/. PElt ANNUM, amply pr ttth • Lordship ,sign d bio b gr t number fProtest nt s'
Lord DACRE said, that althongh he hed been anxious to le-
aned, and it was resoved unanimously- spect the laws on the subjrCt now before the. House, he wood
.1 1, secured, and arising from Three excellently well built Cleergymaen,elast well asaby the . a whoYrelitesesented alines° t the whaole
1
I. That the intelligence contained in the Report relative to Edu- TTIE CREDITORS of THOMAS DANIEL 110 Y. not ern e the time_ ef their loondships by leading them to similar
Houses with Shops, eligibly situate, Noe. 12, 13, and 1.1, on the Protestant population of the county of Kerry They prayed their
wren in Greece, affords much pleaaure to this Meeting ; that the .
Itnquines. It was his opinion of the questton under consideratiee.
hued as Thomas lloy, and commonly called or known by east side of Red Lion-street, within a few doors of Holborn. The Lordships to grant the prayer of the Roman Catholics. and to i
nese of that interesting country, to wOich all civilieed stations are
that there was none which influencedin aigrette+ degree the morel.,
the name of Thomas Roy), kte of No. 8, Bare_strect, Brick-lane, PTeMiSCS are most substantially erected, and are let on Leases to r ove the civil disabilities under which they laboured. He had
so !reply indebted, at once claims and encourages exertions of he habits.: and he might almost say the existence of a great port
Bethnal-green, in the county of Middlesex. Cabinet and Chair very respectable Tenants, all of whom have paid premiums, are other petitions to the same effect to present, but he wished tins
Christian liberality, and therefore that this Meeting approves the of the agricultural population. He wished to point out, that the
Manufacturer...an .
Insolvent Debtor who was lately discharged bound to insure and also bound bev other covenant •
immures adopted hi, the Committee during the past year-regards in th
y ery e particular one to be read; and he would inform the Noble Lords ancient laws of ;he coun,Ty
• ' Bench 'in f S • Lea •Th E •
• • from the Gaol of the King s , the county o urrey, are original se. e state is held of the Freeholder for 60 years who i 1 •h h f K •tl t • to' I eetcd ert -as ths
game as prop y ',I
with great satisfaction the promised co-operation of the Ladies .., were acqns mei wit. t e county n err), la It con Inc
Society recently formed at Edinburgh ; and respectfully noon- at the Office of Mr. William Jones Solicitor, unexpired at a low ground-rent.
requested to meet
.. • . „ , . the names of almost every Protestant Clergyman, of almost ever property of the owners of the land on which they existed; and, ii
i
Y Pi:" changed tholl laws w ted in n .1] s dim elitic manner..
36 Threadneedle-street. London on W ednesday, the 2oth day of Slav he viewed by leave of the Tenants, and Partiettlars hal at Protestant Magistrate, and of almost ever P e I ded - • 'e ee a th-n tan i
reds this important object to tbe benevolent attention of the • ~ ~. . . s y rot stunt an Pro- We should, therefore, restore the ancient laws of tte country. o:
13ntish public. Slay instant. at Six o Com in the Evening of the same Day pre- the Ilorse-shoe and Magpie, Red Lion-street ;of Mr. Devey. prietor in that extensive county- form such enactments as ehould destroy.all tbode jealously; woico ,
ciao to consider aod determine upon the place and manner in Solicitor, Dorset-street, Fleet-atreet ;at Garrawayar ; and of 31r. , .
M. Ronfuerte, frnm Mexico, moved, Rev. H. F. Border sr 1, . The petition was read.
whic the interest of the paid Thomas Dsniel Hoy in cer:ain Free- Hem-trillion, 105, liatton-garden. incited to an infraction of the law-an infraction which the lower
onded, and it was resolved unanimously, 'file Marquis of LANSDOWN then presented a petition to the
I
hold Premises, situate at Whetstone, in the said county of Mid- , „ --- -- otders were generally inclited to enenumie. [The Noble Lnri then
5. That the most gratetul thanks of this Meeting he presented to LhASEHOLD HOUSE, SEYMOUR-STREET, SOMERS- same effect, from the Protestant Landed 'Proprietors of the City of
dlesex. shall be Sold and Dieposed Of by Public Auction, and quoted al:ciders of Lord C k dlrd K in f".'
oe an ro enyon, support a. o
lollop! Highn the Duchess of Kent, the Patroness, to the TOWN. Limerick and its •icinity. The Noble Marquis observed, that the , i
generally on elle Affairs of the stud Thomas Daniel Hoy. argumen , t rat game was originally considered private property.]
Win, the Vice-Patronesses. and to the Members of the Ladies' By Mr. H. VVIISON. petition was very numerously and respectably signed, and contained By the sth William and M al' • fI • 1
ary, thc am .er proprietors o ant
letemittee ; and that the following Ladies be the Committee for .
HOLBORN. At °areaway's, on THURSDAY NEXT, at 12, the names of several Magistrates. were excluded from cny erjoyment of game unless by gin infracti o
the year ensuing. NET RENT of 37/. I2s. per annum arising from& The Earl of I.I3IERICK hoped, from hid knowledge of the
The same Gentlemen also moved the following Resolution, 910 be SOLD by PRIVATE CONTRACT, bv
o A Leasehold House and Premi ' • of the law I' as wits intertled by the present runtime the sirst"e•
' . - city from which this petition came, he might be permitted to bear it ' ' • O• • og .` ' • -'l,,°
ses, No. CO, Seymour-street, • propr e ors of land were mat e interest parties in the game. tee
'
6. That this Meeting rejoices in the progress of Education on .1. WINSTANLEY and SONS. an eligtble LEASE- . .. . , „
nearly opposite tne Gothic Chapel, Somers-Town, let on lease fee he high res bility of those by whom it was ,i
toottendony to t pecta eou.d check the practice of jenachirg, whereas. at foment, they, if
Stnioural Principles in various parts of the world, and in the sue- HOLD ESTATE, consisting of Six Dwelling HORWW. situate the whole tern, to a very rope bl t I ' bo d • min •
eta e enant, wto is un or in. any thing, encouraged it. Here en se proprietots of personcl pro-
"Uof the 'S,citties which have been formed for that purpose ; and being Nos. I, 2, 3. 7,8, and 9, in Staple Inn baildings,
MDT, and also bound by every other covenant contained in th oi. In Marquis of LANSDOWN then presented a petition of a petty to the amount of 4,000,(101. yet they were to be told that Ouse
that the patronage end support afforded in so many instances by Middle-row, Holborn. let to Tenants at Rents amounting to 2231. ginal lease, at 451. per annum • held for G 5 e at V. Bs. erd
, y ars, groun vimilar nature, containine many thousand names,from the Catbolie •
persons should not haves right to a hare or • pheasant. Sirca
rhombi/ powers, particularly in Sweden, Denmark, Portugal, per annum ; held for 32 years, at a Ground Rent of only 311.105. reon popyistion of the Queen s County. these laws have been in operation, the general average of firisoners
tke British Colonies, and the States of North and Saadi America, per annum. May be viewed by leave of' the tenant. and particulan had at the I -
sari ORE Y presented a petitino to the name effect, signed by the in counties that abounded in game were from 1.3011 to 1,500. lo ese.
' a peculiarly gratify leg. A 100, dist in testimony of the high es- To be viewed by permission of the Tenants. Particulars may be Brill Tavern, Somers-Town ;of Mr. IVondward, Solicitor, Fur. Recorder, the Town Clerk, and several of the Clergy and inhabi. were prisoners r nnyleted of trifling offences, not all, he would ad-
ten this Meeting entertains for the valuable exations of Sir James had at No. 10, Paternoster-row. nival's Inn ;at the place of sale; and of' Mr. 11. Wilson los' tants of the town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne. The Noble Earl mit, coming under the Game Laws, but which the men who cons-
Knipe Governor of Nova Scotia, he be appointed an Honorary es . . __ . _. ___----- -- -- 0 ' Hatton-garden. ' • stated, that the persons whooe signatures were affixed to this ped. niitted them were led on to by the practice of poaching. neer
Sleober of this Society. , • tion were of the 1110/it respectable class. Of fifty Attorneys who evils he thought every man would agree required a remedy. The
The Rev. %V. Evanaon moved, Mr. Millar seconded, and it was SALES BY AUCTION. kicit cIiANDELIERB AND LUSTRES, CII fNA AND resided in the town, two only hail refused to sign it, and two others law ought to ensure to the proprietors of land the property In the
trained unanimously, GLASS WARE, IN TABLE, DEISSERT, AND BREAK. who, being Catholics, had reined from motives of delicacy.. Ile game on that land, and that this game, being property, should be
7. That the Thanks of this Meeting be presented to his Grace 111ORTIIIIER-STREET. FAST SERVICES. Be. By order of the Administrator. knew that there was not in the country • man of greatez weight in capable of being sold like any other description of gotids. Ile, a
tie Duke of Bedford, the Presidents ; to time Righit Honourable, LEASE, HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, CHINA, GLASS, MR. PHILLIPS respectfulli atinounces, that THIS character soul intellect than the Reowder ot the town, and behold the same time, thought that the sale ought to be subjnt to certain
Aid other Gentlemen, the Vice-ProOdents ;to the Treasurer, the 70 by 45, GRAND PIANO-FOIiTE by STODART, CAR- DAY he shall SELL by AU 'TION, at his Rooms, New aired the Petimml• regulations, which lie would not now go into, as that would be a
Itcrearies, and the Commiuee. RIAGE and HARNESS, lk.c. Bond-street, art excellent and wellsselected ASSORTMENT of fhe LORD CIIANCELLOR said that he wns happy to bear question to be considered in the Coasniittee if the Bill were allayed
Also. By WINSTANLEY and SONS, CHINA and GLASS WARE, comprising extensive and hand. testimony to the high and respected character of the Recorder of to go into that stage. The Noble Lord concluded by raying that tx
a. That this Sleeting most gratefully acknowledges the high ,On the Premises, N 0.2, Mortimer-street, Cavendish-square, on some dinner, dessert, tea and breakfast services ; rich chandeliers Nee•castle. t wits acknowledged that somethieg must be done, and he thougOt
'moue conferred on the Society by the continued isatronage of their FRIDAY next. the 13th instant at 11, and lushes for 6,8, and 12 lights each, tastefully designed; suites Earl GREY, in Presenting another Petition from BlackhurPs .'° that, with very few amendments, the present 11111 would remedy' ,
~;10fal Highnesses the Duke of Sussex and the Prince of Saxe The pro .terty of • Ledy going to the'Continent, of decanters, ewers, finger basins, wine coolers, ice plates, goblets, the county of Lancaster, observed, that he was sure the disabilities the existing evils.
"4""11; and that the respectful Thatik.s of this 3leeting be pre. rpliE LEASE of the above Premises, which are in gOOd tumblers, fee. Sec. arranged in lots suitable to domestic purposes under which the Catholics laboured could Dot continue another The Earl of WESTMORLAND thnught that where thou/sum-
med to his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, for hie conde. A repair, and fit for the immediate reception of a Genteel forming the stock of a respectable manufacturer, deceased. Sondem. without danger to the f3tate. nnent aod recreation of so large a pertion of his 31ajesty's Oubiects •
.... ..• e e . • •••• .1 _.-.1 •Al 4.,T • 0 ..................1 .......:.t..... .-- _ -
