ttrrodfoll eteitte‘‘ reify telminaiads is ilia' •614
formed the outpoettf the empire mosethreaterted by
Vnusce, without any greater blerease of debt than
she a m had, while, in consequeoce 01 the Union,
duelend hid been 'tumbled to throw half a million of
lasi anneal esproditare upon this country. He was
voile prepaved to share with his Right Hon. Fr-end
Ott the unpoOolarity of resisting this proposed re-
ilig"f be convinced that helms 1 had no for-
tbue ileitis open the liberality of the Gouge.
There wee no country that had ever guise
-throttles t cerieiet so tremendous, as the list
so srfely send so cheaply as Ireland hat done.
Had she remained a separate country, she might,
perhaps, %ewe been lost to this empire, and if
ha, she wised hem been lost to herself. -He la-
inolW that the rentimion 'conceded by his Right
Hon. Friend had net been received by the Mew.
Isms of Ireland with such &flier :as might hove
'tendered it acceptable to the people of 'Matt
woootry. • _
_44
• ' Sir Gement Hite. seigalNltitognie apprtldti
10 the motion. • . /..,
it
Mr. Biretta *meld not nada silent Idler *bet
hied fallen from a Nettle Lord ICerheenpien) re-
'spectitig-the emsstuct of the Irish Gentlemen. He
could assure the flesese,Ahet since that Noble
.-Ited sold his property, sod left Ireland, the chime-
ter of the Irish Eleutleasea had been altered very
-Much for the bettep.—(Hear.l
The poNery was then cleared for a division, when
here appeahil—
Pwe the eeistsal Illatboa llO
..-A) /piss. it. .. 86
*si .
• lltalselty for Illiaisten.
S. On our re-admission into the gallery are rotund
J. -roe? commenting upon the eery great
was manifested in the rate of wattling
• persons of the lest wridilisere
indulgence. There -atm rifle
four-wheeled cancuage.s,
was to
there in
rich or
_led car-
introducing
indeed, that
create a
Fits-
hav-

post-
) wail.
up his

assented
already,
qr the
stated,
New-

a sipgle

indul-
cou-

TheenasCsm.ou of the Excellente replied.
it was his object that the indulgence should be felt
as generally as possible.
. The Resolution was than pawed for imposing a
duty of 21. 2i. on a single servant ; 31.65. on two
servants.
Mr. BABINGTON complained that Englsh Gen-
tlemen should psy more for their comforts aud con-
veniences than those of Ireland.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER was sorry
that what he had said in his former observations
seemed to have mark no impression upon the lion.
Member. His (Neil in reducing the taxes in Ire-
land was, to enable Gentlemen to give employment
to more persons than they could do at present, and
also to induce Gentlemen to reside in Ireland.—
f Hear, hear.)
Col. BARRY remarked, that the Gentlemen of
Ireland were much more oppressed than the saute
class of prisons in England.
Mr. Put. protested against the proposition ad-
vanced by an Hon. Member (Mr. Babington), and
`tonteilded. that by the Act of Union the principle
was recognised that Parliament should possess the
power of making such reductions in favour of he-
pful as circumstances might resider necessary. It
'bras theta agreed that on a single carriage the sum
sir 101. duty should be imposed ; ou two carriages,
;#4O. I ou three carriages, 331. ; on four carriages,
'44/. ; and on every additional carriage the further
-Nom of 12/. On every twoi:whrel carriage, drawn
horse,,. 61. 35.; on every jaunting-ear. 21. 2s.
The ....utacEt.t.oa of the EXCHEQUER inti-
mated, that he meant to make no alteration in the
lax on race horses, but he would reduce that on a
single horse, for other purposes, to two guinea..—
.a/ear, hear.)
The other schedules were agreed to, the House
tesnuitd, and the Report' was ordered to be re-
ceived to-morrovi.
TYPHUS FEVER.
Sir form Ntitoons movid for leave to bring in a Bill to
prevent the extension of eontagroes fever in Ireland, an.ltu
rake torthr prorisioo for the fasts of the Hospitals in that
couietry.—Leare was riven.
• THE SLAVE TRADE ACTS.

Mr. Ronsnson mooed, that the Howe do resolve itself'
tutu a Committee on the Slave Trade Abolition Acts.
Mr. Wiintaroacc mu anxious that the Right Hoo.l
Gent:calms should eater fully into the subject before he,
tolled on the Home to adopt any
_preliminary Seas.,,.
After • few words from Mr. Unman, Mr. W. SNITS
said Mr. WiLautreacit, it was ordered that the House tit:
/owlet dealt into the said Committee this day tau istiouthi.
EDUCATION OF THE POOR.

THE BRITISH PRESS.

CPO/P. LON DON,
THURSDAY. Mar 14, 111111.

The two Flouses or Parliament resumed their vit.
tingulart night. In the variety or bovine*s brought
forward was a Royal Message, relative to the mar-
riage or Isis Roysi nighisess the Duke of KIST.

We have received Paris Papers of Sunday.—
The trials at Alin closed on the 4th of May,
when, ou the unanimous declaration of the Joey,
• &wide, Jawtios, the woman Bifocal, Bar, and
Colerd, were pronounced guilty, and sentenced to
death. Rat, however, in consequence of his disco-
veries, has hero recommended to the Royal mercy.
'Amu Benoit has been condemned to perpetual im-
prisonment, and to be branded ; and Miuotrie► to
a yeses imprisonment, and a fins of 60 francs.
Madame Marmots has been acquitted, and set at
liberty.
Anne Benoit demanded that aloe might be allowed
to die, sod be united in the sane grave with her
lover' Coiard. Bastille heard his sentence with
his ateustsaoed• firmness, but Jatuion fainted.
rt;i recovering his senses he ►till protested his in-
nocence, and extending his arms towards Box, ex.;
claimed.'" Now that you are yourself•-condemttad,

sicknowledie that I was not there—if.yuts were
Overe.7 •
!the 'Fiends Funds have suffered a slight de-
pression. The Five periCants. were on Saturday
67 1. 70 c.; Bank Actions 1,005 f.
•

We hove received New York Papers to the 13th

last. The following is au extract :
The Commercial Adcertiger of the Bth of April
says. the following important Navigation Bill pass-
ed a third reading in the Senate ou Friday last,

with owly one dissenting voice :-
- ♦, BILL CONCERNING NAVIGATION.
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States- of America I. Covers,' assembled,
That, from and after the 30th of September mutt, the ports
of the United Slalom shall be, and swamis, closed against
every vessel owned wholly or in part by say suhject or su►-
jects of his Britaanic Majesty, coining or arriving from soy
poet or plate is a colony or territory of hie Beitaasic Ma.
jelly, glint is or shall be by the ordinary laws of invita-
tion and trade, closed against vessels owned by citizen of
the Veiled States; and every such vessel so ended/di
tross the ports of the Veiled States ►hat shall enter, or
attempt to enter the same, in violation of this Act, shall,
with her tattle, apparel, and fanner*, together with the
cargo so board such vessel, be forfeited Ss the United States.
The Bill pea on with farther mutants, but comets*, by
saying, "That nothing in this Act contaised shall be so,
deemed or coastrued as to violate any provision of the Cos.
(motion to regulate commerce between the territories of
1110 Veiled Stales sad his Britannic Majesty, signed the
3d day of July, 1815."
In the House of Representatives, on the 4th, Mr.
Ltvairasuaz submitted the following Resolution :
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represents-
lives of the United States of America, in Congress
assembled (two-thirds of both Houses concurring
therein). That the following amendment to the
Constitution of the United States be proposed to
the Legislatures of the several States, which, when
ratified by three-fourths of the mid States, shall be
valid to all intents and pupil*, as • part of the
said Constitution : row
" No person shall be held is fervid ran► as a slave,
' nor sbsll slavery be tolerated in any NAMOIONIMer admitted
into the Union, or made use of the United States of
America."
The Resolution was read—and on the question
of proceechug to its consideration, it was decided in
the negative.
Mr. HENRY Crmarrt states, itt a public adver-
tisement, that he has discontinued the publication
of The Political Register, in consequence of the
want of patronage to encourage its continuance in
the United States.
The New York Papers announce the arrival of
' the Awn. Capt. Ausutt, from India, but the in-
telligence is nut so recent as that contained in the
dispatches given in the Supplement to The London
Gazette, which we published lon Wednesday last.
Captain AUSTIN sailed from Bombay on the 27th
of December, and informs that the inhabitants of
the country between Madras and Bombay were in
a state of insurrection, and committing many
'emitters and other outrages. The Earl of Motß•
was marching :against them with 90,000 troops.
Every European officer and soldier had left Bom-
bay *to join the army. The Farm touched at

1413 i. -'4.
,4t! - •pOtri)
N \ --.6.a. , -
ill r '011....1".--''''...o''''‘‘a
....

THE PRINCE REOE Nrs COURT.
Ve.terday. at threeo'clatit;thelPalacs REGgIiT
held a Court at Carlton House, which was attended
The Archbishop of Caoterboryiiho Lord President of the
Commit, she First Lord of the Treasury, the Secretory of
Mete for the Colooisi Depertinefrt,'llie 'Chancellor of the
Dketsy of Lear:Wee the Mester -df the Mint, the Lord
(Aso sbertele, the Lord Steward, the 'Coteltkollee of the
HuniehoW, she Grusin of the Atli% the Tremont of the
Household, ke.
The. Palace Itearlyr held • Privy Council, at
which Mr. Busa.sa presided as Clerk.
A rthe Council the Panics Rutter's unction
was given to one of the intended Royal marriages.
Admiral Sir GEORGIC CAM esstr. was introduced
to the Panics REOBNT, and kirsed hands sport
his being appointed Commander iu Chief at Ports.
mouth.
The Earl of HARROWiT Slid the Fail of 1-r-
Takeout. had audiences of the Patriot REGENT.
Lord Gaz•vrs, and the 'Hnnougable Colonel
&tumors, were the Lord and Groom in Waiting.

WINDSOR. MA,T is.
On Monday the Duke of KENT arrived at the
Castle, as did the Duke of MOSTROW, in waiting
on the Km). Lord ARMS left the Castle on
Monday for London.
Yesterday the Princess AUGUSTA arrived from
London, to see her sister, the Princess Sonata,
who takes an airing every day io Windsor Great
Park,' with her usual attendants. Yesterday after;
noon, after dinner. Princess AUGUSTA and the
Duke of KENT left the Castle for Loudon and
Kensington Palace.

THE DUKE OF DEVONSHIRE'S
RILL AND SUPPER..
On Tuesday evening kis Grace gave his (Meisell
ball and supper at Devonshire-house, previous to
his leaving town to-morrow, for the Contitient.—
The grand suite of apartments were superbly il-
luminated, and decorated with a profusion of
pots of flowers. His Royal Highness the Panics
RIMINT, accompanied by the Duke of WILL•
LINOTON, arrived about half past eleven o'clock.—
The boll commenced soon after in the grand
drawing-room. The supper, consisting of every
delicacy, was announced st two. It was prepared
its four apartments, whereospwarde of 450 sat down.
Dancing re-commenced soon after three, aad con-
tiuued till half-post five yesterday tooruing..—
Among the distinguished party were--
Must of the Foreign Anbasiodoes and their Ladies.
Prince Esterhasy.
Dries—Riebosond, St. Alban's, Argyll, Montrose, sad
San Carlos.

--.l);cA-S-Mes—Beaufort, Mootroor, ltichrooad, llt. Albeit's,
Lee*, ad Sas Carlos.
Nargesists—Tavistock, Choluminkley, and Buckingham.
Marchionssmo—.Stafford, Bath, Tavistoch, Cholosoadeley,
Canoekm, sad Duonshire.
Lorde—Grey, Westmorland, Oasis Won, Harrowby,ltefton,
Mormik Grenville, Bastamest, SireAtesbety, Molyaeos, bam-
bino-a, Falmordi, mad OwAlPla.
Latlievr.laftra, Mallows, Grantham', FatimaHs, Grey,
C. amilmum4eitY. neflowhy, Bathurst, C. Batherst, Gond-
ola% Uterille, two Thyshes, Gower, Wm. Beatiark, Iwo
firdwar. Opener, thailey, C. Maadomald. Adelina, Char,
CAM, Bur sM, 11airiageos, Cambasoptua, Darwin, Mies, E.
anis, Fonmeate Galloway, Hill, baillmr,
tarallehrgewill, animas Mantra* Rowley, B. Wyadhami.
Mr. sod Mrs. Tierney:
- •

Yesterday the PRINCE REGENT visited the
QUEEN ut her Palace, as did the Duchess of G toy-
cam& and Duke of CLARENCE.
The Duchess of MosToon will give a grand
concert this evening, at her house in Grosvenor-
square.
The Earl of DEEIT gives grand dinner yester-
day to the Directors of the Ancient Music and a
large party, at his house In Grosvenor-square.
The Duke and Duchess of NIIWCAITLE and
family will leave town is a few days for their seat iu
Notts.
Lord Wit. [tumuli will give a grand enter-
tainment to a large party of distinction on the Ist
of June, at his house in Park-lane.
Lord Wia. RUSSELL will leave town this day for
Peris.
The Marchiones of SALISSWIT returned to town
yesterday, from her seat, Hatfield.
Sir Russia and Lady BROMLEY arrived yester-
day at the Clarendon Hotel, Bond-street, from their
seat near Manchester.
Mrs. &twit has issued cards of invitation for a
musical party to-morrow evening, at her house iu
Harley-street.

Arrived yrsterdq et his house io Fitzroy-square,
commas Foaau. Esq. 11. P. for Beverley.

Arrivals at Milrart's Hotel, Lower Brook-street:—
the Earl of HARIOROVOIte from Mellon Mowbray.
LAcertershire; Mrs. HaALET, Mrs. COTMIIIIIT,
Mils lIICZ, and Mrs. Bum from • tour.
Arrivals at the British Hotel. Jermyn-street :
Colonel Guam from Cheltenham; Mr. Comm,
from a tour. Departures :—Sir WM. ELLIOT for
Grosvenor-street ; Colonel TMACIIIIAT for his seat
in Hants; Captain MAIIOI4 119th regiment, for
Oxford.

Lord and Lady DuNDAS and fainily arrived yes-
terday at their house in Arliogton.street, Prow their

fearinVT-GARDRN THEtiTRt. : •
i 4 •
Keizealts's colOttrated Plow, The Seraogre',
attracted a crowded pool pliblatol "whence (.tat
bight. McssO'NEtt:o.. 111 il,s Huller, ell.played
her empire .over the heart in all th. agrataznar ills.
tress and anguish of female rewobility suffering
under wounded honour and conscious crime : the
tender and deeply pat hrtic'expressum of her sorrow
and comfit.' tttt . lett few Ary rye+ in tilt house.--
MOBS O'N6lta. was ably supported by Mr. YOUNG,
in the character of The Stranger. Ili. perform-
ance was• full of energy. pa.,itai. and feeling,
-guided by judgment and delicacy. The Duke
and Doctors of Gi.ouccs'relt, accompanied by
her ?Loyal 'Highness the Princess AUGUSTA, ho.
slowed the performance with their presence. The
presence of a part of the Royal Faintly never fails to
give additional life. grace, and dignity to the scene.
The loyal and popular air of •• i:od Sore the
Mow," excited an entliu.ittstic feeling, and was
sung at the commencement and end of the play.

PUBLIC MONUMENT

TO THE MEMORY OF THE (.ATE. LAMENTED
• PRINCESS CHARLOTTE OF WALES AND SAXE

The Cattotaph Committee, after matarele considering the
various communications they have receivtd, and in courne-
'laity with what they have reason to believe is the wish
of the Public, beg leave to state thAt it is their intention,
ahoold their feuds ►e adequate, to construct the propmed
Temple of the Cenotaph on a *cite sufficiently extensive to
admit of 111 being appropriated to the purposes of Divine
Worship, slid constituted a Free Church.
(Fur the Committee)
BENJ. BOTCH, Jun.

MERINO SOCIN7'Y'S SIIPW OP PURE
MERINO SHEEP.
Yesterday Mr. Sadler's Yard was rather thinly.
though very respectably, attended by company,
and among those present there was mach ►hscussiuu
on the different merits of the pure breed of these
sheep, and those crossed with other breeds. A si-
milar contention took place last year, between Sir
John Sebright, Bart. the Chairman at the annusl
dinner, and Mr. Reynolds. No premiums are this
yeasr offered by the Society for the crosses—but vie
hope, ere long. to see those premiums again renew.
ed, as we trust much good may result from them.
The labela annexed to each pen of sheep shessn
were as follow :

In premim 1, for the best pure Merino ram, not
more than 90 months old, and bred in any part of
the kingdom, fleece and form to be both consider-
ed, v
Christopher T. Towers, Esq. a pare Merino rasa, 24
smiths old.
Join Facie Esq. RCP a pure Merin, rant, 30 months old.
In premium 4, for the best pure Merino ram, not
more than IS mouths old, and bred in any part of
the kingdom, fleece and form io be both couaider-
ed. •iz.
Christopher T. Towers, Esq. a pun Merino rum, 14
moths old.

- John False Esq. M.P. a pure Merino ram, 18 months old.
Robt. Barclay, Esq. a pure Merino ram, 18 months old.
Mr. Philip Reynold., a pore Merino ram, 18 months old.
Mr. John Gigaton, a pore Merino ram, 15 months old.
In premium 3. fur the best pen of three.pure
Merino ewes' not more than 18 mouths old, fleece
and form to be both considered. six.
Clarke C. %Testers, Esq. M.P. three pure Meatus ewes,
Ur mouths bld.
Cheisteplier T. Towers, Esq. three pure Merino ewes, 14
months old.

John False, Esq. U.P. three pere Merino ewes, 18 month•
old.
N. Barclay, F.sq. three pure Sleds° ewes, 18 mentbsold.
Mr. P. Reynolds, three pure Merino ewes, 18 mouths .
In premium 4, for the hest pen of three pure
Merino fat wrthers, yealied in 1815, fleece and form
to be both criloiderell, viz.
dairies C. Western, Esq. M.P. three pure Merino fat we-
there, pulsed in 1815, fed on hay and turnips.
Mr. John Caught., ditto, fed on turnips, carrots, a little
oal-eabe, cat bay, malt cams* sod a little meal.

In premium 8, for the hest pen of three pore Me-
rino fat nether*, peened in 1816, fleece and form to
be considered, •iz.
Charles C. Western, Esq. 31. P. three pure Merlon (at
wethen, yowled in 1616.
Cluistuper T. Town, ditto, ditto.

In premium 6. for the best fleece ►horn from a
pure Merino ram, quantity and quality to be both
considered. viz.
Christopher T. Towers, F.sq. the Reece of a pure Merino
raw of 11 months growth; weight 9 lb. 4 us.
John Fane, £.q. the tierce of a pure Merlin; ram ; weight
71b Sow.

Mr. John Cawston, the fleece of • pare Merino rani;
weight 10 lb. 4 oz.
T. Hemp, Efici the 'tree am pore 31erinn ram ; weight 8 lb.
Mr. Philip Reynolds, the greet of a pure Merino ram.

In premium 7. for the best fleece shorn from a
pure litletino ewe. not being less than 6 lb. weight
in the greauw, quantity and quality to be consi-
dered. viz.

_
Chri.topher T. Towers, Esq the fleece of a pore Merino
ewe. of 11 months growth • weight I lb. 4 ox.
John Pane, lEaq the fleece of a pare Meriuo ewe; weight
1111,. 12 ea.

T. Henty, Bag. the deem of s pure Merino ewe; weight
10 11r. 3 us.
Mr. John OtiViioll4 the fleece of is pure Merino ewe;
weight 9 lb. 4 us.
Mr. Philip Reynolds. the Ikea ors pure Merino rw•.
Mr. H. Raul, the deecs of a pure Merino ewe; weight
lb. 11 us.

In Premium 8. to the manufacturer of the best
produce in cloth. quality and quantity both consi-
dered, from two cwt. of (titre Merino wool, or wool
of any cross of British growth, tratismittrd to him
inwholeflerces, and its tcrriii.e by the glower. viz.

Mr. Joshua Stead, a piece of blue cloth of his macaw..
tare, from, two cat. of wool, from the Right Hon. Lord
Duedaes duck. _ _ _

0 J. NtWenRC commenting upon the rery i
njustire that was manifested in the rate or will
'tfatission, whereby persons of the feet wealth'
liditterl to the hest indulgence. There 'am
"Rem in the scale respecting four-wheeled cis*
'which to him appeared exceedingly shear
A person keeping eight foor-wheel carriages w
*crier a rosniseioa of 751.; but who was this
fiend, or even in England, sufficiently sic
sufficiently foolish to keep eight four-wheeled
Priam ? There was no kind of use in introdu
such en item in the scale, excepting, indeed,
the appearance of so large • sum might crea
,Itind of theatrical effect.
' Mr. Ifuski-soit Mr.' 3. P. Grant, Mr. V. 1
*had. mud the 6haissiegur of the Exchequer,
iiitrid a few words,
Mr. ifloou•nao sugiested the propriety of 1
lioning the further cmiuderation of these taxes 1
;the'Clianceltor or ;he Exchequer had mode oi
soind respecting them.
The CRAMICILLOS of the EICIIII.QUEIt arse
to the Chairman's, reportiog the Resolutions sin
voted, and to postponing the consideration ci
'oliers. The Right Hou. Getitleman further eta
in answer to some observations from Sir John 14
port, that he should reduce the duty upon • sij
Servant to two guineas.—(Hear. hear.)
Mr. Wimetalroacte asked, whether the ini
genes in regard to the window tax would be
titled to the inhabitants of small houses ?
•
