LONO WOOL.

`,

31r. Ki:(11. presented a petition from the carpet-manu-
facturers of Market Harborough, against the exportation of long
wool.—Laid on the table.

Mr. POVNTZ presented a petition from occupiers of land in
Chichester, against the repeal of the duties on foreign wool. The
petitioners stated that agriculture was by no means in a flourishing
condition ; and that if the tax was continued on foreign wool, and
a relief from stone of the assessed taxes, it would add greatly to the
comforts of the country and be most gratefully received.—Laid oa
the table.

ASSESSED TAXES.
Mr. PY:11 presented a petition frau Leighton-Buzzard, praying
for a repeal of the window taz.—Laid on the table.

MANCHESTER GAS BILL

Mr. CURTLIS, after having requested the reading of the reso-
lution of the House relative to the signing of petitions, rose to pro-
pose that the minutes of evidence taken before the Committee on
the 31anchester Oas 11111 he laid before the House. lie alluded to
a debate which had taken place on a former evening, and to the ac-
cusation which had been made before the Committee again a soli-
citor, for having surreptitiously procured the signatures to a petition
from the town of 3lancheater un the subject of the Has Hill. He
( Mr. Curteis) said he had a right to call for an account of what took
place on the occasion ; he had a copy of the minutes in his pocket,
and the statement which had been inside was, that a person had
been employed to sign NO names to the Mane'leverpetition.
Lord ST.INLEY could not conceive any reason for agreeing in
the request of the lion. !limner. He (Lord Stanley) as Chairman
of tne Committee alluded to, should be the last person to object to
having the minutes laid betbre the !louse, if any good reasons were
advanced in favour of it. The lion. Member was completely wrong
in stating that the paper he had read was a copy of the minutes ;
but how he procured the information contained in it, he (Lord
Stanley) did not know. The evidence which had been taken in the
Committee might have been taken in a Court of Law.
Mr. iI'ILBRAIIA3I agreed that the practice of one person
sig..ing inure than one name to a petition was very much to he
condemned ; at the same time. he believed it to be not unusual in
large towns. He thought the agents for those who presented peti.
tions to the House for bringing us a BA should be accountable for
such acts.
Mr. GRENFELL said a few words.

Mr. 11. SC.MNEK said, that if the matter were inquired into,
and the person who had been charged with signing so many names
to the petition were really guilty, he ought not only to be brought
to the bar of the House, but also sent to Newgate. Ile (Mr. H.
Sumner) thought that the Han. Member (Mr. Curteis) would have
had a great many more votes, if it were not apprehended that it
was intended to review the subject of the Manchester Gas Bill,
against which there seemed to be a very general feeling.
Mr. W. PEEL said, it was very questionable whether the mi-
nutes should be laid before the House, because it might be the
means of sending four or five persons to Newgate instead of one.
Mr. PELHAM made a few observations (we understood) in op-
position to the motion of the lion. Member for Sussex.
Mr. PH I lAA PS suid, that the case might he similar to one
which he knew of a poor Irishman, who thought he was doing
service, and had no idea of the consequences which might arise.
The motion was then negatived without a division.

IRISH rETrn. sEssioxs•
r. SPRING RICE observed, that in Ireland Petty Sessions
had been recently introduced, to the great service of the country,
and the erecSit of the Magistrates. The Bill he was about to pre-
sent was for the purpose of giving greater facility to their endea-
vours. Ills object was to aseeriain what were the tees, and for the
better arrangement of them. Ile also wished that a Court_
House should be procuriAl for the purpose, which would power-
fully assist their objects; and also that a register of their proceed-
ings be regularly kept. Ile concluded by asking leave to

..... • •la •;” •FI aCA,SII. ‘aaog,
true spirt
•... vujica, 7aawtascerutir!_leiliii werecne tees, and for the ►honourable
".I'.
I his. thong P•
' 'foe peasantry w"nl;y.".:i I;.(.l;n7i.;;Lre- in-..a•;;;Cii.io-n-unITIC;;;y-other dience system which.
. for sa. proem_ purposes, waa to them proselytism as at variance with the nge lICII of hem. lie also wished that • Court- fecdy heard.
prople in the world. (Cries of %. llear, bear.") They were, how- no blewang, but a curse Amend the laws, let them be suited toi of Christianity. It was natural that the Catholic clergy were op-, house should be proeurcd for the purpose, which would power. in the eery cn
le
bound to take the good with die bad ; to look at slavery as • the people, let the people feel their protecting power but in order paced to proselytism, for the principle of forced conversion was the , fully assist their objects ; and also that a register of their proceed.. from making
tristvd, whether in one place or anuth;:t. After all his eapc- to do that, let the administrator of the Lew in every degree be very essence of the penal code which so severely oppressed this body. ings ah.seld be 11;ularly kept. lie concluded by asking leave to which they de
•
