'Wort, hist the second wortarletl my Mother in the thigh ;
wesit'up, being at the lime about five yards 10.6654, and mar i
my brother; be said br was wonntled io the thigh
bleeding
mach. My heather's name is Jitseph Jones.
Mr. Etbehtlon—Did any !dila,/ hippest before you got up,
or did you bear any thing mid by the nials!—Nothing hap-
pened before the lire. The street was very quiet. We heard
nothing said by a wiab, but some one before us said, " You
Irish scamp, get in.^
Mr. Wright—You have given stifficieut ra Wenn. for as to
remand. Prisoner, inlaid you say any thing, you bear what
is said?
Prisonev—Yev. I hear what is said.
Mr. Wright—Have you any fileuds here--any prat-minima
adviser
Mr. Milne—l believe be is not irrepared, and wishes it
poet po aril .
Mr. Wright—He mail be remended.
Mr. Atkinson—To what time?
Mr. Wright-1 don't know when you will he ready.
Perhaps'to morrow.
Mr. Atkineon—That will searely give ns sufficient time
I have taken what tttt 0 I have in great baste.
Mr. Milue--Deporrtiona ! If there are soy depositions
against this man, they must be taken liy me.
Mr. Askinsun—Yu, Sir; but allow me to take toy owe
examiostiona
Mr. Wright-1 can't say when we Amnia adjourn to. We
have had sio evidence of the state of the ammo',
Mr. Atkinson—l understand they are considered dan-

ge .
Mr Jnn, Andrew (one of the constables).....l yeeterd,,
went to the IflfirMllrif, And sew the surgeon.
11+
stated to me thtt the men were ruining sin very well, and
that there was no danger. I have this ut ago..
and am informed that they are stilt going nu very will, anti
that there is not lite least danger.
Mr. Wright—lt ritual stand over until Siam-day. Prisoner,
you are remand, Nitta Saturday.
The Prisoner is a tall thin man, of slash complexion, and
is by trade a tailor. Several members of she yotn sore corps
vole in attendance; and two of thtm, Mr. Withingtion and
Mr. Whitlow, were on the Bench•
Monday. Teo o•Clork.
I presented myself this morning at the Infirmary. and
was received by the house sturgeon in a 'try gentle enmity
manner, who conducted me lessee Rohimunsi and Jon,••. the
two persons wounds-el by Meagher by pistol shut., on Saint.
day evening last. I (oohs, Jones is. apparent greil pain, at.
tendril with some degree of Ivor, a flesh appearing on his
countenance.
Robinson Inuits very mile, and riimplitined of much pain
from his wound. The surgeon assured sue that they were
not dangerous; hot still,
tendant on 'roosts°, wounds, it would he very impruident to
remove the turn, at present, to give their evidence against
Meagher.

LINGAR D'S it LAND.G

[FURTHER IVNT R CTII.I
Ton/laved from, n former Parr)

NUMBER or SLAVES.
"The several claw, 14. whose moose's have hew hitherto
d►scribed, ronsliteeteol the A tie.) Salem nalson. They al:site
were possessed of lib• rty. or power. or prom rev my
forayed, howen.r, but a small pail of the popolati ~,, ,
of
whirls, rebate. nut ler. than two thirds existed iii a ♦tale
of slavery. That all the 6,41 adventurers were freemen,
there can be little doubt ; but in the course of their clan-
gors's it is probable that they funnel, it is certain that they
made, • great number of slaves. The pow/telly of these
men inherited the tot of their fathers, and 'twee nonuser
was continteally it el by the her-bisru Simms. who haul
been tethered to the sante coodilitits by richt, to had twin
wade colitis,' in war, ur had bet oi deprived of liberty in
punishment of their crimes, or hail spoutancously ►wrren-
dered it to escape 11w horrors of want. The degradation
awl enslavement elf a freeman were perforated Imbue a now.
patent wisher of witnesses. The unhappy man laid on the
ground lies sword and his lame, the symbols or the free,
took sip the bill rind the goad, the implements of slavery,
awl falling on his knee., placed hi.. head in tok►n of snit.
mission minder the hands of his master.
" All slaves were not, howrveronembered in the same
class. In the more ancient laws we find the now di•tin-
guished from the throw ; and read lif Inmate slaws of tisc
first, the second, and the third rank. I,e later eoseiniews
we meet with hernia's, wickets, paroling*, and other bar-
barous denneitinotioos, of which, were it asset., it would he
useless to investigate the meaning. The most numensiss
class consisted of those who lived on the land or their Lent,
near to his mansion, called in Saxon his tune, in Latin Isis
will*. From the latter word they were by the Normans dews.
minuted trilbies, while the collection of cottager in which
they dwelt, acquired the name of ',Msgr. Their respective
services were originally allotted to Item accordion to wan
pleasure of their proprietor. Some tilled the Iwndq others
exercised fur him the trades to whirls they had been Mitred, et
In Worn they received certain portions ui land with wiser
perquisites, for the supposes of themselves and their tame-
Bet all were alit, &prised of the privileges of fro e-
mery. They were forbidders to carry arms; they were sub-
jected to ignominious penishenents; they might he brausissl
and whilst Recording to law. Their persons, families, and
goods of every description, were the property of tlwir
Lord. Hi could dispose of them as be pleased, either by
gift or sale; he could amine them to the soil rye remote
Hum from tt ; he could transfer threw with it to a new pro-
prietor, or leave them by will to Isis heirs. Out or the
hundreds of instances preserved by our ancient writers. one
may be suffice/alt. In the charter by which Harold of Burk.
cobalt gnus his mower of Spalding to the shiny of Croy-
lend, he ?immerse. • among its appeuilawan Colvin, his
bailiff; Harding, Isis 1,1011 h; Lefstsis, his carproure; El.
stale, his fisherman; Osmond. his miller; and Wine others,
who probably were boishantlinen; and these with the it awes
and childreo, their goods awl chattels, awl the cottages in
which they lite, ►e transfers in perpeloil posses • to the

abhey.
" It should, however, be observed, that the hardshilo
their centilitre were considerably mitigated by the inthienee I
of religion. The Bishop was appointed the protector tat the ;
slaves within his diocese, and his authority was .mphyeit io
shielding them from oppressiou. Their lords we re Ire-
quently adossaishrl that slave sod Ortolan were of iqual
value is the eyes of the Almighty ; that both had bees. re-
deemed at the same price; sod that the master would be
judged with the some rigour as be hail eaerrised towards his
depolarises. Is general the services of the slave were fixed
and certain; if he performed them faithfully, he was ril- I
lowed to retails his savings' sail many of those who culti-
vated
poeticism of land, or had received 'permission to err-
rise their teades in the burghs, acquired a comparative de-
pre of opuksiee, which enabled them to purchase their
liberty from the kindness or the avarice of their Lords.
Even the laws suppose some kind of property in the slave,
since they allow him to commute the legal piosieliment of
whipping fur s boe e.f six shinnies, and fixed the relief of a
villein MI a farm at the price of his best beast.
" The prospect of obtaining their freedom was a power-
ful stimulus to their industry sail good lo hat i ~,, r. Bork.*
those who were able to pouching, it themselves, many el. i
gained it from the bounty of benefactors. Some acre ems.-
eipsted by the justice and gratitude of their ma•ters;
others
owed their freedom to molter. of religion. When the rule.
bested Wilfrirl had received frost Eilelivalch. King of Sus- I
ors, the slowation of the isle of briery, a nth 250 unite soil
female slaves, the Bishop instructed them in Ike Christian
faith, baptised them, and immediately matured skein to
li-
berty. heir manumission was an art of charity frequently
herniated by the preaches.; and in most of the grills, which
are still eittant, we reel with iltreetious for granting
Ills r-
s rerisin number of staves. lint the commiseration of
the elneritahle was noire i scoot by the condition of the voile
Ifrot (those who lend been reduced to slarcry by a junicial
orotencejohan of such as had bet's bOrio in that state, soil
had never tasted the blessings of libetfy. . By the Bishops in
the Council of Calcitith it was agreed to free at their decease
eget', 'hive sts [bat defteriptiuu; sad.similar rot i , i ~, i• hte
• inserted in wills sit the I.lily ‘Vyi.flifill; of Atlwlsoni,
sou of King Ethelred; and .Elfric. Archbishop, of ('sitter.
.bury. nisounfission, tole legal, was to be primal.
