HULL SHIPPING.

.....
HrLL, Aro. 17.—Foii;ow A aatern.—From Memel, Co.
loatz, Meyer ; from Hamburgh. Biahop Maize, Draper ; from
Rotterdam, Vriendschap, Plokkvr • Catharina Magdalena, Gar.
bey ; from Amsterdam. Chtctle Hoop, Sneers • from Borgo,
Enigheten, Snekenstroont ; from New York, Charles Hamilton
Aberdeen, Dickinson • from Memel, Anna Catharine, Tantzen ;
Sophia, llinderosn ; Dorothy Elizabeth, Fohbrodt ; from Rottar.
dam, Aquatic, Cruddls ; IneFght, Willingham ; from Bremen,
Fortuna, Olimanus • from Reposti di Aloseali, Anvil, Alczaii:cr ;
from Quebec, Brother", 4enkinson ; Thetis, Robinson; tlacn.
hope, Illinnett ; Minerva, Carrick; from Stockholm, Rangcr,
Hodge ; Fame, Fos ; from Archangel, Dwina, Olefs; from Pa-
lau, iron. Dryden ; from Oporto, -Fanny Your, Listen ; front
Dantzie. Camas, Groenwald. _ .

ionxtow Sam to.—kor Oporto, !bit Smith ; for Rotterdam,
Vyf liebroetle:s ; Providence Good intent, Atkinson ;
for Elsinear, Thomas Hodgson, ; for IVyborgh, Pala,
APRenzie ; for Pctershurgh, Alexantler, Btlron ; Hercule., Cur-
tin ; liw Hatnhurgh. Christian, Henderson; William, Maxwell ;
Packet, hooch ; for East Rica, t)nderneenting, Zeeman ; for Ri-
ga, Bellona, Ferguson ; for Dram, Vrow Elisabeth, Happen
!loiters /Mode, Christensen t for Hatuburgh ; Engelina, De
Jonge for Antwerp, Alio lia Johanna, Oriel ; Jeune
Mathil-
da, Dc Yoe ; for Rottenlam, Rebecca, Anderson ; For Peters-
burgh, Dixon, Gill.

. .. • •. •
THE Alit/ ...I.V 71:1!..6.
"...1.111"7"-
Prom Mr. Dnpuis' Ilestdebee 111 Athantee, we extract
the foililoiting historical memoirs of that kingdom. To-
morrow see shall give a review of the wort itself, with
some further extracts relative to the unfortunate war now
raging iii that quarter :
The smith and coesolidation of this comparatively great em-
pire. is much talked of by the Heathens as well as 31usleme; and
both arc agreed, that the tribes of A simeest,*Dis Xiaa. Dinkiea, and
Akim, we're driven by dye believers, in the early age of Nam, from
their original inheritance's in litiobagho, Glioligl, OM l'unnuma, to
the forests of Wangsra (i.e. theatrics of A diaotee inclusively, sad
the south eastern parts of (roman) where they maintained their in-
dependence at the expense of math blood, stsd deffroded theentestry
gifted with the precious metal against the most v!gorocs..eforts
that were made to bereave them of it. 11'hyther the sea coast 111/M1
aimed! peopled, tradition does not says but it is affirmeils slitt
tribes spread over the land down to the *argil] of Memnon
pmphag, it may be conjecturld. some Marries which hereunder;
lay desolate, like the freesia of Fames' and Assin, and otters,
whose primitive inhabitants were not adequate to the &Team of
their towns, Thus. Askantec, contrary to waist pay Lan been re-
presented, is the parent eocntry, and the stock fain which the
early generations of ranters and Ihnkirans IMrs'll
As tarty as the hejirati year woo, and from that to IMP (a. p.
164 n), Ashantee occasionally ruled, by Its itiffornce, ever. part of
Akin,. Assiri, Qnahou, and Akeyalt : It was that Meowed. a
powerful little mon.trchv' and multi probably send, in co ijunction
with its allies, nem thonsard loot to the field, inelfferen de mined
with bows and arrows., and a very few muskets ; but evenin their
time they were men whose reenlutior, combined with a. earn*
ferocity, rendered theitiraMe terribly dlesuioats among the adjacent
tribes.
The Ashantees, of all ranks, are hovel and salmis, in common
with whir nations, and the King himself takes pleasure in recount-
ing hie forbearance, and describing the aggravation that mused the
vengeance of his ancestors and himseK, against those fAnkral rowers,.
which, in an earlier age, were inde ndent little kiii-„,olonix, and
now submit tO the yoke of gerernmeft as movinces of the empire.
The ging, during various desultery conversations, took parthcoler
pains to ingraft en impression upon my mied, that it was a :maim
associated with the r. lic;on h. protected, never to appial to the
sword whiles path lay opcn for negotiation. He maintained that
lie would defy even his enemies to prove that his assertion deviated
from the truth, either as regarded himself or his ancestors. Be thin
as it may, the nhedems themselves corroborate tile assertion,
although they mecum the government of unfoultided ambition.
The tribes( underthe early sovereigns (for they always 'enjdyed
the rank and title ofa..inga) erne .immttled in di. It habliations,
while the Arab influence yet existed on tie Julltbs, hoses, and
Cilhulby rivera ; but they were firm and compact as a nation, art
not (as my informers reported) wandering to the distance of the
Arab.
It may not be amiss to observe, that in Attica, as in other
countries where slavery is tolerated, the wretched captive frequently
tams his thoughts towards home, his tribe and family. If his
country to remote he is certainly less tortured by hopes and fears re-
specting hisernsntipation ; °then, whose nation is a neighbourireg
one, And who are less valued on that very accouut, eremite,* or
t less in the practice of emigrating in proportion to the treatment
they receive.
The slaves of Fantee, Ashantee, Assin, or coy ether country
I thereabouts, absolutely find no security anywhere among the pro.
1 vinces, unless they are fortunate enough to incorporate themselves
with the tribe they belong to, for, if they are picked up elsewhere,
Afri
they become legal prizes, and I believe this custom prevails all over
ca.
The wars of Hinkle* eye still fresh in memory r the mull and
thigh bones of its last monarch are still trophies of the court of
Ashantee, and still those people, on solemn days, repeat their M-
oults as the relics of its king and cabin:emit.
The occasion of this war was this—Bosiante, the king of Die-
kin, a young prince whose valour was become the admiration of all
the negroes of the coast, sent some of his wives to compliment Zay,
the king of Asiante ; who not only received, and entertained them
very civilly, but sent them back charged with several very consi.
derable presents, to express his obliging resentment of the grateful
embassy : and being rewired to return his obligation, he sows
time after sent some of his wives to compliment the king
,of Dir..
kits, and assure him of the great esteem he had for his. person.
These ambassadremes were nut less splendidly created at Dinkira,
bung also loaded with presents • but the King mat a wanton eye
upon one of them, and being. hurried'
on by exorbitaot lust,
hue hostel desire ; after eaunfying 'of wbieh hi saved la":
witi„id, the rest, to return to their nespery and their *oriel
d, who was Informed of this sliest: but bat took are to
ssaliathi Wag of That* that he .would set asst till be
Mire=o, an ha his iniutiosa Wed._ Alm be gas
the by of Aelante • sisebrdes, lamiwke very
weld (,elan hs hid se deal with, be ibbiel he be task
rai/datigir gill 4 la 1174%
Prblegal
togeelhovill wish illei, peogeisi Ara Amon war,
by . oitools aim, Is aim tsiss*basgat:Whohhat.
and sot eullteitsflf Mond with up great
quasthiss mate tout, the Madras* bilk *dough to waist
bites themselves, suffering hie subjects to with it uninterrupted
di their country, notwithstar.ding. very well it was
may forabWr destruction. Whilst hs WM usliallie then pr.-
Feu*, the, King of Pinkies died. which sight so - ,05,.. • belief
that the it Ana cloud of war would blew one. setharr the
governors of Dinkka mete too haughty se implore a gam of the
injured :day, or he eras instigated by the MOM of that mutiny. is
uncertain ; but he still immoveably perinea In his purpose of
utterly extimatiag the Dinkirana. He awe with a terrible array
into the field, and engaging the Dinkirans. who expected him, he
beat them ; but fighting them a second time, he entirely defeated
them. The negroes report that in them two battles, above a hun-
dred thousand men were killed. Of the negroes of Akim only, who
tome to the assistance of the Dinkirans, there were about thirty
thousand killed, besides that a great Caboceer of Akim, • ith all
his men, were cut off,
This was the first great war in which the believers were cons.
pelted to unite their arms with the heathens of Ashentee, Banos,
Juabin, and other tributary states in the North. led on to battle by
Rai Tonto, dignified by his subjects with the epithet of Greet.
This monarch it was who first raised Coommey horn an incoosi-
derable town to the rank it now enjoys as the metropolis of the
empire.
wbe wisdom se well as valour of Sai Tooto are themes on width
the natives dwell with a national satisfaction ; in short, he was, as
they sly, the great, and the good ; for, in his reign, justice was
ever on the alert, and the claims of his subjects were listened to
without distinction of rank or tide.
The conquests effected by this Prince were more comprehensive
than has been stated. He ravaged Aasin with tire and sword, far
some indignity offered by its Hoaxer-1i towards his person ; he en-
tirely subdued Quahou, and induced the government of Akim to a
limited obedience. He subdued, besides Pinkies and Tofal, a
great extent of country beyond the Tondo river. He incadsit
Daman with a powerful army, with which he vanquished those
tribes, and reduced their Monarch to the condition of a tributary.
The desert (of (Shoran) only was an impediment to the progress of
his arms north ; and, In short, he created an empire. including
tributaries and allies, which was strictly of a feudal complexioe,
by the union of all those kingdoms and principalities between the
6th and 9th degrees of latitude, and between the 4th degree of
longitude west from the meridian of London and the river Volta.
The auxiliary kingdom of Banns was the right arm of Ashasitee is
those days, and still is.
Akim, it would seem, then a powerful little kingdom, was 11011 e
sensible that its proper Interest stemmed every exertion of vigour
both in the cabinet and field, to keep back so powerful an invader.
sad preserve theequilibrium of theresPective stance : hence, they
joined their forces to the Dinkiraes, and by the unfortunate re-
sult of the campaign, entailed upon their country the con.
queue's vengeance; for the sorest.' of Ashaister, who prolubly
rejoiced in haying so good a pretext (or invading A kim, entered that
territory with the victorious army, and after defeating the King in
a pitched battle upon the confines, rotund him to the necessity of
supplicating a peace, which wes granted upon the condition of his
becoming a tributary, and defraying the expense of the war, by
a present of two thousand hendas of gold.
tai 'footo, impatient at the delay, and urged by the reiterated
complaints of his rapacious captains, levied another ens), which
he sent against 'skim, and, followed by the flower of his nobility,
quitted the capital on the day following, to invoke the necessary aid
of his tutelary deities, at the sepulchre of Bantams. After the cele-
bration of certain orgies, the monarch tracked the reps of tie
army, at a leisure pace, and before tie could maintain the main
body, was suddenly assailed by a superior detachmeot of the enemy,
as he was crossing the Praa at a ford where that river separates
the province of 1 omoha from Akim. The first volley, it is re-
lated, wounded the sovereign in the side; but still vigorous, be
threw himself out of the hammock, and rallied his men as best
he could; a second discharge from the forest killed him outright,
and he fell with his face into the river. 'l'he consternatiun was
now general; and in the panic that ensued, the Achim:eta cast
away their weapons, each man endeavouring to save himself; but
in vain, for the ambuseade issuing from their concealment, fa
sword in hand upon the fugitives, and put every one to death, to
the amount of two or three hundred persons, of whom sixty were
women and children, either belonging to the monarch or ft.ti
generals.
ounii7lfaisgreniSitietrYfduiryd ntohtanpuetveanr. enAdtotownthcze
iwledar, wAen.hidtannoteew,brteihkact
harboured the enemy the night previous to the attack, (many or
most of whom were inhabitants of the place) was consigned over to
the army, as a proper object to wreak their fury upon ; accordingly,
it was razed by fire to the ground, mid every living creature, men,
women, cattle, mid even fowls, except
.such as were of the sactedl
order, were Lamed to bleed in expiation. Mintinda .:Urt.lturniet
(implying Saturday and Acronianice), by which the national afflic-
tion is recorded. has been considered ever since an oath of the must
solemn and unequivocal import ; and the day itself has been cast
into the calendar among the list (dominoes days stigmatised by the
Ashman.; as days which forebode evil.

Active measures are taking to promote the linen 'NI
woollen manufactures in the County of Cork.

u'..
~i ~~

I
•

J. E
tti

FASHIONABLE, rAvETLLICRATE.

to
PUI('I;s BRITIaill
Pink Stnek 236 37
ntto A ert.
11 pet Cent ItetWiwi 944
3 pet Cent. tr %me. 1131
Lh'to Aect. 934 I
4 pet Cent. Attended 1014
New 4 per Celle. 106 1061 100
It per Vent.
Tiflis tne k 287
Ditto 1%011462 pm
Ditto Acct.

iTOCKS V YSTERDA Y.
1,0-1 g Ann. 234
south Sea Stock
South Sea 4 nd Annuillef 914
South Sea New Annuities
1.0001. 3911 pm
Ditto, 6001. 40 42 pm
Ditto, Small 41 44 pm
Ditto, 14d. t II 0 •
Ditto, 5001.
Ditto, Solna
Lottery Tickete 191. 19s.
ITOCKA vnTEKL)A V.

Lord Alranler•had a dimmer party yesterday, at his house In
Park-place. • . • - - •
The Dowager Countess of Stamford hod a select party yesterday
evening, at her house In Charles-street, Berkeley-square.
The Earl of Glerynoll arrived yesterdpy at house in Grooves
nor-street, from Brighton.
Lord Anion and family have left town for thei: scat in Surrey.
Lady Heatheota basJaft town mass tour. .
Colonel Brown left town yesterday, for his seat in Bucks.
Arrivals at the Clarerden Hotel, liond-street t.--Sir'fyrwhitt
Jones, Ban. tiom his scat, Stanley Hall, etatlbrdshire ; John
Westrombe, Esq. from a tour.
Colonel and the Nlistses Stapleton left the British Hotel, atermyn-
street, yesterday, fur their seat Thorpley, Surrey.
Mr. and Mrs. Brodie and family have arrived at the Waterloo
Hotel, Jennynestreet, from the East Indies.
W. Holmes, Esq. AI.P. and Lady Strong arrived esterday at
hou
se in Grafton-street, from seat, Thames J)itton.
Departures from the London llotel, Albemarle-street:—Lord
Longford and family for Brighton ; Mr. and Mrs. Palmer and fa-
' mill for Hastings. Sussen.
The Dowager itlarchioness of Lansdown has left town for her
seat, Ila sipton Court.
Lord Berwick and family left town yesterday, fur their seat,
Hattingham-hall, Salop.
Mrs. Barclay and family left the Pulteney-hotel, Albemarle.
street, yesterday, for their beat near Dorking.

PRICES OF FOREION
A irityisn Bonds 24
Ditto Acct.
Brazilian Scrip f 1 f poi par
Biteilos Ayres Scrip pat
Ditto Acct. par y pin
Chilian Bolds
Ditto .icet. 78
Colotub. Bootle 794
Ditto Scrip
Ditto Acct. 64 4 4 8 *des
Danish Bonds
Ditto Marks Banco
tire& Scrip
Ditto A co%
liesiain Bonds 62 14 n 11 4
'Jut° Acct. 62 14 2 II a

Neapolitan Bonds
Peruvian Bonds
I Ditto Scrip
Portuguese Bonds 871 1
Ditto Acct. 871
Prussian Bonds
Russian Ilona 9111
Ditto Acct. fiori
Span. Cons. 921 3 2132} S 21
1
Ditto Acct. 221 3 21 3
Ditto 510 Bonds
Ditto Cons. (1823) 171 181 1
French
Rentes 101 f.
Exchange 25f. 25c. 20c.
Ditto Acrip
Ditto Acet. 131 1 pm

LITER.4TURE.

SIGH PRICE OF BOOKS.

Elie 33rttth aireoo.

I
The first legislative enactment that was made for the
encouragement of learning, was in the reign of Richard 111.
when books were exempted from the restrictions imposed
on the importers of every other species of merchandise.
Printing was at this time unknown in England. King
Henry VI. at his own expence, brought over several prin-
ten and their presses into this country, and from that
time the art of printing began to be practised here. In
the year 1553, it was so well understood, that Henry Vl 11.
deemed it expedient to repeal the act of Richard; and,
accordingly, the 25 Heny VIII. c. 15. was passed, which,
while it protected the native printers, prevented thein
from imposing on the rest of his subjects. This act was
entitled " An Act for printers and binders of books;"—'
the fourth and last section is as follows: . . _
..

THEATRE ROYAL, HAYMAnice:T.
This evening, EftIDAY, Monist 20. will M performed
PIGEONS AND CROWS.
Sit Petet Plan:win. Mr. Llaton; Certain PliwbriOn, Mr. Vining;
Mr. Mits. Mr. jfuekel ; Mr. Wrrld, Mr. Wilkinson t Mr. Btoadeau, Mr.
%%Week; Parr:ek O'Rorogoioo, Mr. Lee. Mn. Hardy. MraWlsaleor
;Italia. Mrs. Chatterley ; Hwy. Mrs. C. Jones.
After which,
THE A LCAID ; or, THE SECRET-19 Of OPTIC!,
The Prinelpal Characters by Mr. W. Parrett, Madame Vaster, Means.
MOderl, Les, Liston, and Harley ; Meads lee Glover. ,Paton, Lore,
Oaths, and C. Jones.
To eonelnde with MATmninvv.
910011 de Limbers, Mr. Younger; ()Aare), Mr. Vining" CrCloshorty,
Mr. Lee. Clara. Mrs. Chatterley.
THEATRE ROYAL, ENGI.ISH OI'ERA-110USE,
STRAND.
This Evening. Fn ID AY. Ausust 20, will be perforated
DFR FRENCHUTZ;
Or. THE dEVENTH BULLET
Kase, Mr. Bartley; Caspar. Mr. Bennett; Rodolph, Mr. Brabant
FestrMr. Tayleure; Zsuniel, Mr. J. Cooper. Agnes, Wes Stephens,
dditional Songs by Weber (being her Math appearance la this
ei ; Lou. Mlss Povey.
After which
THE RIVAL SOLDIERS.
llipperkla, Mr. W. Chapman; Mary. Miss Huldaway.
To conclude with_

" Provided always, and be it enacted by tbesalbseity aforesaid,
That if any of the said printers or sellers of pulsed bloke, inha.
heitiag within this realm, at any time hermiftwbsymild t#tdl Wise
to Whence or increase the prices of any endi psimaill bests, is sale
or binding, at too high and unreasonable priest, be Nib wise as
complaint be made thereof unto the Kings Hightmlat or sato the
Lord Chancellor, Lord Treasurer, or any of the ObisfAastioss of
the one Bench or of the other; that the same Leak Cilbssesllor,
Lord Treasurer, and two Chief Justices, or two or fey a foam,
shall have power and authority to enquire thereof, as well by the
oaths of twelve honest and discreet persons as otherwise by fee ex-
amination by their discretions. And after the • Imo bilteadag said
increasing of the said prices of the said books and b~sbill be
as found by the said twelve men, or otherwise by sadtre of
the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Treasurer, and Justices, or tmo of
them ; and then the same Lord Chancellor. Lord Treasurer, and
Justices at the least, from time to time, shall have power and au-
thority to reform and redress such inhancing of the prices of printed
books from time to time by their dist-redone, and to limit priors as
well of the books as for the binding of them: and well that the
offender or offenders thereof being convict by the examination of
the same Lord Chancellor Lord Treasurer, and Juatim, or two
of them, or otherwise, shall lose and forfeit for every book by
them sold, whereof the price shall be inhumed for the book or
binding thereof, three slit Ili ngo and tour pence; the one-half thereof
Isbell be to the King's Highness, and the other half to the parties
grieved, that will complain upon the same in manner and form be-
fore rehearsed."
A similar act was passed in the $ Anne, cap. 19. sec. 4:
but enforcing a penalty of five pounds for every book sold
by the printer or bookseller at a higher price than tbe jus-
tices, &c. should fix it. This latter act vas repealed by
the l 2 Geo. 11. cap. 36. sec. 3 ; but that of Henry VIII.
above quoted, remains in farce, for it has never been re-
pealed by any express law, and ft would be ridiculous to
contend that the Act of Anne, enacting a higher penalty,'
has virtually repealed that of Henry, which it never
mentions.

FIVE AND WATER.
Captain Hurry. Yr. Borne,. ; Mr. Thrifty. Mr. W.leanert; inede-
fMk. Mr. Wrenc..; Jacob, Mr. Slotaan. Foamy. Mir Moldaway;
Mrs..l. WelPFeart.
NEW SURREY THEATRE.
FIFTH MONT OF A SUPTIIII cumnsr 11.1EL',.DRAME AND
A SCOTTISH ROMANCE.
Tl.ls present FTIMAY, ingest to. will be presented a Grand Chinese
Melo-Drame. 'lltree Arts (w:ltten by Mr. Mall4salied
THE BURNING BRIDGE;
Or. TIIE SPECTRE OF TIIE I.IIOE.
PMaelpel Characters by Mears. 11. Kemble. Rowbothern, Auld. Ref-
ereed. Yount, :and Heownlnes; Mre. Loyale,. and Mre.-Foung.
In the source of the Mime a Oran,' Mallet, called *.The Festival of Lan-
terns. or Yeast of Fulfils.: Principal Dancer, Miss Adeoek.
ft. Chinese Flog Dance by Moms. Flemniore. Honor, ant Jones.
To which will be added a new Rurletta. sailed •
THE PtINTe.IFS STLDY.
To conclude with a Scottish Romance, trailed
THLY GRAEME; or, THE 111 Z 11111 OF THL BLACK MOOR.

ROTA!. GARUEIVS, VAUXHALL.
This Evening, FRIDAY. August 20,
A 141iLltN RID GALA.
Under the espeelal Patronage of his Majesty.
Corminemelas with a Grand Concert id* Voci^l and instrumental Musk.
arid a truereaston of varied and popular Amusements (from Eight till
Twelve d'Cloehh which have delighted more than 40.0(10 visitors the
leat few nights. To conclude with a magnificent display of Fire-
Work", In the midst of whirl:, the undaunted young American will
make his terrine Ascent and Dement on the Tight Rope.
D•wn open at Seven.--Admisalini ja. ed.

--
The !Swum Rnicss commenced publishing yesterday morning
at five o'clock.

LONDON, FRIDAY, AUGUST 90, /824.

—re...—
By the intelligence received yesterday, ria New York,
from Mexico. it appears, theta French agent had arrived in
that country, professedly to establish with the Mexican
Republic relations of amity and commerce. The fact of
his arrival had been officially announced to the Coni,ress ;
but it is not stated that psaspeets foe the capital bad been
fczwarded to him. The Editor of the New York Gazette
observes truly, that, in this mission. the " French Cabi-
net are either playing a double game of perfidy, or a
treacherous. WC to Mexico alone." We have ourselves
several times adverted to the language of the ministethl
journals of France, as indicative of the hostile feeling of the
Bourbon Clurt ncr shall we be persuaded of the sincerity
of their friendship towards the late Spanish colonies, till.
_from the conduct of their dependents, we see clearly that
all hopes of a successful attempt on the independence of
?Abe new States are completely resigned. The Mexican
Government was procaeding tranquilly in the execution of
'its functions. In the private letters, General Bravo's en-
:trance into Guadalaxara is again repot ted. There seemed
to be no doubt that he would immediately quell the sedi-
tion. The conspirators in favour of Iturbide, apprehended
on the ctli of May, have been tried and convicted. The
two leaders were sentenced to death, and the others to ba-
c:aliment. The latter, it appeals, had been sent off to
Acapulco.

By letters received yesterday from Rio Janeiro to the
16th of June, it appears, that an unaccountable dread of
invasion had spread itself among the Brazilian people.
The Emperor, {chose conduct on several occasions has
been singularly suspicious, appears on this to act the part
tif principal alarmist. Ile bad, it appears, issued a Pro-
eamation, stating that um attack front Portugal might be
immediately expected ! He then proceeds, in an insidious
manner, to deny that the Mother Country would be as-
sisted by the great Powers of the Continent. Who ever
beard that she would? Who supposed that so wild a pro-
ject bail been entertained for a moment at the Court of
Lisbon ? His Most Faithful Majesty has been too much
engaged in preserving his European authority front being
overthrown to giv:• even a thought to his lost American
Jeminions. But Don Pedro assures his subjects, that
the great Powers will not assist the King of Portugal."
No one ever supposed they would, at least just now. The
Emperor creates imaginary dangers, and then delivers
the Brazilians from them. Like 7'om Thumb, "he
makes the giants first, and then he kilis them." This
famous Proclamation goes on to direct, that in case of in-
vasion the? homes shall be burned, the country ravaged
and destroyed, and the inhabitants retire into the in-
terior. The watchword is to be "Liberty or (Lath."'
Can it be possible, we pause amid ask ourselves in
utter arronishrnent, that the credulity of the Brazilians
can be played upon to this extent? It might be very well
for the half-civilized Haytians to adept the Russian plait
of desolating their country, to prevent the a‘lv;ulee of an
enemy whose fhl they could not withstand ; but from
whence is distracted and bankrupt Portugal to draw the
men and money to equip such an expedition as Don Pedro
?tam& to expect? the King's authority has been totter-I
ing to its base, and the linances of the state arc notoriously
incompetent to defray the current charges of domestic go-1
vernment. If Portugal were as powerful as she was at the,
beat period of her history, and as lame as Brazil, and it
Brazil were as small and fiehle as Portugal now is, the
affected alarm of Don Pedro would not be justified.
We hope it may not turn out that any secret understand-
ing has existed between the sons of John VI., and that
Dun Pedro was raising pre{ xts to gather into his own
hands all the power of the State, in order that he might
betray it to Portugal OD the success of Don Miguel's plot.,
It merits observation, that Dun Pedro's proclamation was
issued a few days only before the news of 1/on Miguel's
rebellion would reach the shores of Brazil. The Emperor
of Rio Jaueiru seems to have been looking forward to a
erisss in which he teas at last to make himself known.
Every stratagem hail been used to spread dismay among
the people. "So great," say the letters, " was the alarm,
that the inhabitants were securing their property and
hur:.ing their treasure. The squadrons were expected to
be immediately ordered home from the coasts of the
Northern Provinces."

If any doubt existed on this subject, we think Rnffhead
would decide it: those gentlemen who are acquainted with
his works well know, that such acts as have been repealed
are invariably so noticed in the margin; such a note is
affixed to the Act of Anne, and a reference to the statute
which repealed it; but not so to that of Henry VIII.
which still remains the law of the land.—Relies of
Literature.
LE QUARTIER DR PALAIS ROYAL.

(stoic A conatsrOwnent.)
Paris has been repeatedly called the capital of the uni-
verse: the Palais Royal is its abridgment. Fpr wally
years it was the quarter par eteegence, where it was fashion.
able to reetde, before the Chausserd'Autin became its rival.
It is at present the centre of affairs, the rendezvous of
strangers. But the period of its great vogue is passed;
other quarters have been embellished, and at present dis-
pute the traveller's attention. Its garden is still frequented'
luring lu belle raison, bat its shops are deserted; those
beautiful magazines attract less purchasers than curious'
spectators: its cups and restaurants have lost nothing of '1
their ancient splendor, but the brilliant eclat of its shops
are eclipsed by those of its neighbourhood, andtkie jewel-
lers, tailors, and milliners of the rue Vivienne have at
length obtained a decided preference. Formerly persons
went regularly to the l'alaisltoyal to make their purchases;
they now go inertly for a promenade, and often cross it
with perfect indifference. Sic transit. Every people
have their hour of fame. No quarter, however, can sus-
tain a comparison with the Palate Royal, in a radius of
the same extent, where may he found two magnificent
iffomenades—the Tuileries and the Boulevards Italian—
and in its vicinity, five theatres. The Exebang,e, Bank
Tessury, Royal Library, General Post-office, the princi-
pal coach offices, and two-thirds of the houses, at least,
in certain streets, arc converted into furnished hotels; the
streets are lighted with gas, the most remarkable of which
are the rues Vivienne, Richelieu, and St. Honore. The
former is in its apogre of glory, and without a rival.
The numerous carriages of fashionable purchasers at a
certain hour of the day render it difficult fur foot pas-
sengers to proceed in safety.
The beauties of all countries, particularly the fair of
Albion's Isle, assemble here to consult the Oracles of
Taste. It is here that a Congress is held every day to
decide how the female heads of Europe are to be de-
I corated.

Fhe rue Richelien has lost much of its former eclat ;
it is a faded beauty, in whom we still find some charms re-
maining. For a long time it possessed two principal
theatres; the one has been erased, in consequence of the
atrocious assassination of a Royal Prince, and at the other
"re n'est pas toes les jours.frte." Much business is still
done in the rue St. Honore, but its fame has also gone by.
The rue Neuve de Petits Champ, place de Victoircs, and
the rue Montesquieu, deserve honourable mention ; the
shops arc nowhere more numerous, or are more richly
furnished. What shall I say of the incredible number of
restaurateurs and places of amusements ? As tier eqraiit
is dilScult to imagine bow the proprietors of these est),
Mishit:tents make their fortunes; one would suppose that
the population of Paris, arrived at a point of felicity which
approaches the state of the blessed, have to think only of
nourishing, embellishing, and amusine themselves.
We NDSOR, A vo:l9:L:Sir Charles Long, Sir Edmund
Nagle, and other visitors, called at the Castle yesterday,
and staid a long time inspecting the extensive alterations,
witieh are going on rapidly, there being about 400 hands
at work in differentparts of the Castle. Sir Charles Long
had the honour of dining with the King yesterday, at the
Royal Lodge, and returned to London in the evening.
It was rumoured lately, that Lorl Harley, sbn of the
Earl of Oxford, was about to lead to the hymeneal altar
Miss Gwynac, of Seymour place. There was not, we
believe, any foundation for the rumour. Ilowever, his
Lordship's residence is, we understand, at present tixtd on
the Continent.

Loral Gwydyr is entertaining a distin,gnished party of
noblemen and gentlemen at Drummond Castle, among
whom are Count Eubank Lord Mollinens, and Sir
W. W. Wynn, M.P.
Lord Hill passed through Perth on Monday, on lda way
to Mar Lodge. . .

Mr. Horn—, who has succeeded the late Mr. Saxton as
Organist of St. George's Chapel, Windsor, has the honour
of attending at the Royal Lodge, for the entertainment of
the King's visitors.
Tut: CIII/RcH.—The Lord Chancellor has been pleased
to 'quaint the under-nu ntioned Reverend Gentlemen to
the following livings:—The Rev. Samuel Fenton, to the
Vicarage of Fishguard, in the county of Pembroke.—The
Rev. John Evans, to the Rectory of Penbedeo Llan
Fihaugel, in the county of Pembroke.

ittif EAICAN I'AgsERS.
--...--
New-York paper" to the 25th ult. were received at our ['PQM • •COIIItIgSPOWDEMT.I
office yesterday : they contain some isteresting informetion Accounts from haland agree in the pleasing intelligence,
from Mexico. In the New York Gazette of the 24th July' that peace and tranquillity are once more returning to that
we find the following particulars of the arrival of a French distracted land. Many of the districts to which the In-
Agent in Mexico:— I aurrection Act has been extended 'are reported to the Lord
A French brig of war arrived at Sacrificios on the 2M of May, Lieutenant to be in such a state, that the extraordinall
from Martinique. A letter from General Rineon kb a Member or system of coercion authorised by that Act is no longer
the Sovereign Congress, says—" It brings a Mr. Samuel as a Com-
missioner from the French Government to ours, to eetahlialt mutual [necessary ; and, as a gratifying cons( quenee, its cond.
iftnlnce and penalties, which are directly hostile to the
relations of friendship and trade. This errand was stated to me by
came i .
the Commissioner himself, who to see me yesterday. I ea: mild spirit of the Leo' nstittitionemay in future be dispensed
pressed to hint the satisfaction which I derived from it, since it . with, in perfect safety to the orderly and well-disposed sub-
', d;eated that France would not assist Spain in her foolish plans of jccts of that part of the realm. We are not the advocates
re-conquest. i of coercion, except where it is absolutely necessary for the
On the Ist of June, the Mexican Secretary for Foreign Affairs, • preservation of the fabric of society ; still 1.-ss are we the
communicated to the Sovereign Congress the fact of the arri-
val of the French Agent, together with a letter of the Governor partisans of any mode of legislation, which or a moment
of Martinique, recommending him to the General cf the Mexican seems incompatible with the principles fire
of the British Con-
troops at Vera Cruz. The Sot of the same date contains this pa-' stitution ; but there arc occasions when even these prin-
ragraph : ciples must, for a tune at least, be sacrificed. The re are
"By an express arrived the day before yesterday from Jalapa, diseases in the political, as well as in the natural body, in
the Supreme Executive received despatches from Gen. Victoria, I.
which die extremities must be lopped off to preserve the
stating the arrival of the French brig of war with a Commissioner i
from the King of France, bearing credentials to our Government. ; vitals ; the gangrene must be eradicated with a bold and
The Commander of the brig waited on General Rincon, and as- I vigorous hand, or the mortification will diflitse its poison
cured him that nut only was there no squadron at Martinique des- over the entire system. This has, we think, been long the
tined to assail in any manner our independence, hut that the French I situation of Ireland • the distemper has been violent, the
Government desired only to establish with the Mexican Republic,
remedy has necessarily been proportionate to the disease ;
relations of amity and commerce, without ever assisting Spain, ea
the Commissioner would chew to our Ooreanment, and that the ; the exigence of the times required the suspension of the
best proof of friendship and confidence which he could give was, I law, but the moment of the cessation of outrage has
to have anchored within the reach of our battery
of 31°cambc'• , been marked by the restoration of the full blessings of the
The Commissioner awaited the necessary passports front General i Constitution. We trust the state of things will coutinne
Victoria to proceed to Jalapa " to improve, and that the deluded population w ill at length
(411 the errand of this French Commissioner the editor :
of the New York Gazette remarks— discover, that whatever be the evils of which, they com-
" The French Gibbet are either playing a double game of per. plain, they can not be remedied by acts of violence and
tidy or a treacherous one to Mexico alone. Their Commissioner , blood ; and that when, by systematic outrage, they deprive
is, in all likelihood, • spy and an mniseary. Such an errand as that ' themselves of the shield of the law, they also render nuga-
which he professed to have, was essentially at variance with the toy and void the anxious efforts of their friends. Amongst
principles, hopes, and views announced in all the Ministerial the
immediate causes leading to this improvement in the
Papers of Paris, and ascribed to the French King by the Spanish
Government." state of Ireland, vie rank the expulsion from the Com-
The latest accounts, in these papers, of General Bravo, mission of the Peace of many individuals who, amidst the
expedition Resins.. GuadalaAara were dated 6th of June, I distractions of the country, hail, by various acts of mean-
from his head-quarters at IA Bares,
_where he had issued ',ness and sycophancy, crept into the administration of
two proclamations to file-troops fisted on the Ist and 2d of justice. 'l'his nuisance is, we think, now pretty well
that month. The authorities of Jalisco, it was said, were aborted. Perhaps the Government were never (fairly
exerting themselves for the defence of Guadalaxara against I speaking) accountable for its existence. It may with more
General Bravo. The Mexican Congress was employed in ; correctness, we believe, be attributed to the Irish aristc-
discussing subjects of public economy, and details of ad- I cracy, until' the reins of Gevernment were entrusted to the
ministration. Measures had been taken for the punish- ; firm, yet temperate, hands of the Marquis Wellesley.
meta of the conspirators in favour of Iturbide, arrested ; The noblemen and landholders were too frequ ntly in th •
on the 9th of May. Ott the 6th of June ' the regular , habit of appointing their most obsequious depend tats ;o the
Council of War, or Court-martial, sentenced to death ' rank of Magistrate ; indeed, the household of a great man
Brigadier-General Hernandez, and lion Francisco Santoyo, : was incomplete, his retinue was not properly filled, if one
and condemned General Andrade to the loss of his rank ' Justice, atleaat, were not found in his train. A few selec-
and five years' exile, and the rest of the persons appre- itions of this description soon brought the whole order into
hended to perpetual banishment. The Mexican journal, I disrepute. The Irish are a people of quick, if not of pro-
El Sal, of the 14th of June, announces that the Supreme ,loom! observation. The character of many of the indivi-
Executive Power had determined that the exil s should be ;duals formerly in the Magistracy did not escape them ;
sent to Acepuleo, in order that their sentences might be they looked on these unworthy Justices with an eye of
carried into effect. .hatred, and spoke of them in the language of derision.
In iliddition to the above ,:intelligence, we lay before our 'Each Magistrate appointed by such influence as that to
readers the following extracts from private letters, received which we Lave allude:el (anti we regret to state they were
yesterday from Mexico:— sufficiently numerous) speedily lost his own name and de-
Mexico, Jerre 9. notnination, and was complimented, by a sneering and in-
We expect that General Bravo is at Guadalaxam by this time, diguant population, with the title, rank, and honourable
dog that the sedition is quelled. Should this be the case, I think ' adjuncts of the great mall, his politieTal creator, and whose
that we may look forward now to tranquillity and safety. Whea
Olmeral Bravo arrives here on his return, it is eapected that the pee:ilium he was known to be. I, eon an excursion we
Executive Power will be placed in his hands. Deming his stay here , once made into a certain Irish district, we were much
be improved the polies wonderfully. amazed at the number of Peers and Baronets with whose
dJecsocoa e 18;nd I names our ears we re saluted. We knew not upon what
There has been a firs Alvarado which has destroyed
other property to the amount of 1110,000 hollers.
Thete is considerable stir among the owners of mines, In come- to our perplexity,
I legion of honour we had fallen. To add
1 the titles were almost all the same. Upon in air how-
Trento of the arrival of agents from London, from the Companies ever, into this mystery, the difficulty was solved : we dis-
forming there. One steam engine tent out last year to a mine of covered that these worthies were not bonafide Peers and
Mr. Murphy's, in Catorce, has been conveyed to the mine, though I Baronets' but merely the creatures of the great man's
with considerable difficulty. The last news from General Bravo ;breath, the political offspring of his :riendship or his
announced that he has taken up a position three leagues from
tfeadalaxara.
fltaalastriract
pert
'capricc—:he Lord fluke anti Sir harry of the farce. We
,
i sihtail BravorenoptoaedabtlheattoGlee:TheraltheJust Ig, have not forgotten the Panaceas Eddie of the indignant
Antiquity. The descriptionsTushebut
part liicustlaersnteri:atinGie"
lest month. baying • 1 allthew e p rot protest our fo
ur Fielding
im ai I:ant 110
(tl,
Fourteen of the eonsterstms, who were akin up 'Sat
o; r:letttof are tu
familiart ig
able' writers can supply, cannot pie-
been wit t
condemned to banishment for plotting in favour of Imr4ide,
r, beep sent down to Acapulco, there to be shipped oir to Guaya- tura a more noxious or pestilent class than was to be found,
il. Drery thing goes on here with much greater energy. in too inany instances, composing the guardians of liiiMa-
-- - j.. sty's peace in Ireland, before Lord Wellesley carried into
etßet the necessary work of purgation.

IRF►LAND.

CAPE OF GOOD HOPE.

Pipers from the Cape to the Ath of June arrived yester-
day. The rape Toren amette of that date contains the
following proclamation, issued by Lord C. Somerset on the
let of June :
Whereas, it has come to my knowledge that some ill.designW per.
son or paving has, or have, early ittshe migraine of this day,
dandy written and "trek up, or caused to be stuck up, at (ma 6f the
posison'the Bridge, leading fro n Bout-street to the Grand Plead,,
atsertairi deli:Mato?, libel, tending to disgrace my cheracterand ho-
Door, and that of one of the officers of this Government; I, for the
better apprehending and bringing to justice the person or persons
concerned hi this most atrocious attempt, do hereby 11111.* a reward
of five thousand rix dollars to any person or persons who shall
give such information as may lead to die full discovery of the per:
peirator or perpetrator* thereof, so that be or they may be appre-
hended and con( lewd of the same; together with a reward of oda
one thousand rix dollars to any person or persoos who shall de-
liver iuto the hands of his Majesty's Fiscal the defamatory pipes
above alluded tot Ltd impunity, should be or they appear to bean
accomplice or accomplices, not principally concerned therein. And;
in order to give the fullest publicity to this my intention, :resides
the usual mans of making the same known, .1 hereby direct
each and every Wardmaater of this town, to appoint and assemble
one slave front every. house in their respective wards, and explain,
or cause to be explained, to such slaves so amembled, in the Botch
and Portuguese languages, the full meaning of this proclamation,
so that none may remain ignorant thereof. And I do further di-
rect the respective iVartlmssters to report to his Majesty's Fiscal,
their having complied with this instruction, within forty-eight
hours front the date hereof, as they shall answer for the contrary at
their peril.
The very scanty portion of Colonial news which we find
in the same paper commences with the following paragraph :
His Excellency the Governor' Lady Charles and :11 iss So-
!armee honoured the theatre with their presence on Wednesday
evening: the enthusiasm with which his Excellency was greeted by
a most respectable audience, on entering his box, is a proof, if
proof were neec,vary, of the detestation excited by the vile calum-
nies of a concealed libeller.
The Cape Gazelle has the following official notification
of the dismissal of Lieutenant-Colonel Bird from the
!situation of Secretary :-
1 GOVERNMENT ADVEHTISEDIENT.--ilis Majesty having
been pleased to dispense with the services of Lieuteoant-Colonel
Bind, as Secretary to this Government, his Excellency the Governor
has been pleased to appoint P. G. Brink, Esq., to be Acting Colo-
nial Secretary, until the niriVal of Lieutenant-Colonel Bird's sue-
cessor ; and 1111 official communications are to be made to him ac-
cordingly. Ills Excellency the Governor has been pleased to ap..
point J. hi. Brink, Esq., to be Acting Assistant Coloctial Secretary
during the same period.
By command of his Bxeellency the Governor,
(Signed) P.O BRINK, Acting Secretary.
Cape of Good Hope, June 4, 1824.

. .
Mr. Bigge, one of bia Majesty's Commissioners of In.
quiry, and Mr. Gregory, Semetary to the Commission,
arrived at the Cape on the 24th of May, from the intake.
The Arse.line sloop of war arrived itt Sitnon'a Bay On the
afternoon of the 2Stit of May, with a mail from Ens Made
in 72 days.
MIVIPRL7O.

A correspondence has taiinplacibetweim Mr. Greig,
the proprietor of the South Afiimes Advertiser, and the
Fiscal, subsequent. to the order issued by Lord Charles
Somerset that the former should quit the colony. It will
be remembered that in December last, Mr. Greig brought
out his journal, whlelt he continued to publish till the
month of May following, when an order was sent to Mr.
Greig, requiring him to submit a proof sheet of his
paper to the Fiscal previous to its publication—in other
words, establishing a censorship. The Editor then printed
a notice, announcing that under such conditions the paper
should for the present cease. Shortly after this (ott the
9th of May), an order was issued by Lord C. Somerset,
that Mr. Greig slionle quit the colony in one month from
a day specified ; but the Fiscal, it seems, on the 234 of
May. wrote to Mr. Greig, informing him that his Excel-
leney had rescinded this order. To this intimation Mr.
Greig replies that his prospects had been ruined, and adds,
I" !lave made my arrangements for qtrtting the Colony.
I have written to England to retain Counsel for the re-
covery of damages adequate to my enermous losses, and
to get the stamp of sulition taken off my character by the
proper authorities.'

LOSS OF AN AMERICAN INDIANAN.

Pitt, YORK, JULY 17.
We are indebted to our Boston correspondent, Mr. Top-'
liff, foi the following account of a disastrous shipwreck :
Hy the brio we leam the total l its of veasel sad cargo of At
first-rata' Alp Edsranl Newton, au hix pomp from ('at-e.fie,
Madras, and Pondicherry, to Roston.
Carlin Tinkharn understood the billowing relative thereto.
The Edward Newton was running down the fi.E. trades, fine,
weather, Apulia set. when all at once an explosion took place ini
her magazine (from whet cause not yet asccztsined)., which blew
„out the starboard quarter, set the ship on fire, and in about twenty
lminutes she burnt to the water's edge and sunk, giving the officers,
passengers, and crew barely time to -get out the hosts, without
saving mach of anything except what thee had on. In the boats
llity.riaohed the emu of Africa, where Captain liertody procured,
a rii6S/Igl for himself, and a lady and her font children (passengers
i3;1410 (dward Newton) in a Portuguese brig, and had arrived at.
Knot: Captain liertody had written the particulars of the loss of
bia.yesesl by the ship Cyrus, to which he refers in his letters per
The Edward Newton was built expressly fur the Calcutta trade,
05.ttu best materials, well found w every respect, on her first
voyage, and commanded 'l, an netive, enterptising man, well sc•
quainted in the trade. Six offices iu this city had each 911,000
dollars on her, and yet (as I understand) she was not fully insured,
' and that S. O. Perkins, her owner, will lose more than either
of them. This is the second tine ship destroyed at sea by fire, in..
slued in this place, which, from the present low rate of insurance,
will take some aunsiderable time to make good.—lA letter from
Captain Rertody states, that two of the children of the lady pas-
senger died on the passege to Rio Janeiro.]

A large sturgeon was caught in the Thames yesterday,
near Windsor Bridge, where it had been seen for several
days past. It was caught by some of the bargemen, and
put into a large punt filled with water, and ko?t in that
state till thin morning, when the punt containing the fish
was put on a brewer's dray and conveyed to the Royal
Lodge, for the inspection of the King. This remarkable
fish weighs upwards of a hundred aid fifty pounds, and
sneasura seven feet and a half in length.
