..-„

~,
i

.~

~!
s

_

av

alum, hoar.) However, they should not despair of ultimate au:.
MMe as they were fighting is the cause of religion, and were tn.
&raged in a contest in which they wore.matained by the pntitiplea
.1 the Varitiah Constitution. (Applause.) By individual exertiutt
ItiqY might effort much. (Hear, hear.) Vie should not deal out
ielremsh en other nations, for: we should oonsidir how lung we
..ere Panel% es before we declared for the abolition of slavery ; and
if to her nation, did nut so men declare for the abolition, se should
ren.ember that they had rot the freedom which this country en.
-dyed-they had out the free Constitution and free Institutions of
I;oglar.d (applause)—they had not the free press of England.
tUasent.) Public opinion was not on the Continent as here per.
n.iusid—upen and unrestricted liberty (hear, hear), and this was a
.p.ewhon that would be only carried by the force of public opinion.
,Led, bear, hear.) One thing they should bear iu niiiid, that
,Ldruy could not be aboltaW get.entlly end ttliciaally, whilst
-it was so/dinned in our West. India colonies. (Hear, hear.) Ile
•wati tot an advocate for sudden emancipation by any means. Ile
asisded the emancipation to Le gradual, and the slave so Le pre.
Piled tOr freedom through the medium oh instruction. Hem, no
a )(Llama) of a measure of that kind at present, and it was there.
I 'de their duty to persevere, and to bring about sn desirable and
hseltil a measure. He said that it was not even yet detemiined
upon and arranged, that the offspring of the nieseut slaves shoe id
Le f•ee. it was their duty as Britons and as Christians to procure
for them freedom, and it was peculiarly his duty to oppose slavery,
os a member of that family which was brought over to this country
1.-r the protection of the freedom of its people. ( Loud dicers )
The Ileetiog then broke up at half-past four o'clo:k.

RELIGIOUS TR.4C7' SOCIETY.
flits Society Society yesterday held its Twenty-sixth A nnivernry Meet-
'ing at the Coy of London Tavern,
J. KEYSER, Esq. in the Chair.
After an elegant breakfast, the company adjourned to the ball-
untua, which was completely tilled, there being upwards-of twelve
hundred persons present, and nearly half as many were turned from
the door for want of room.
The Rev. Alr. J. II u x T opened the Meeting with a prayer, alter'
which the Report was read by the Secretary. The substance of the
Report was as follows i—
lii China a vast number of tracts, in the native language, had
bean circulated, and also some copies of the Scriptures. In
Hinddstan there bad in all been nearly 200,000 tracts distri-
bared, generally producing the happiest effects. The attention of
the Conimiuee had been strongly direc:ed to the exertions making
fur the increase of education in Ceylon, and the consequent facility
of circulating Divine Truth to the rising generation. Upwards of
)0,010 native children were now receiving Christian instruction In
Ora island. The grants made to the Societies in the East amount-
ed to 900/. In Africa their exertions had been proportionally
great. In South An.erica upwards of 82,000 Spanish tracts hail
been dirributed. Near 9,000 lied been sent to the ll'est Indies.
13.1100 had been sent to Newfoundland. Halifax, in Nova Scotia,
had received 22,000. An Auxiliary Society was last year este•
tiliahed at Gutsborough, to which 11,000 tracts and children's
betakes had been sent. 17,000 tracts had been sent to Niagara, from
whence the niost encouraging accounts hare been received. In
'Europe the prospect was equally flattering. Measures had
teen taken to afford Poland a greater supply of intellectual
food. In Sweden the Evangelical Society at Stockholm had
circulated, in the year 1823, fii,B9s tracts. At Haniburgh 311,000
had been issued. In France the Paris Tract Society hail, during
the teat year, distributed 80,1100. The Report of the foreign oper.
adieu concluded by noticing some slight exertions that had been
made in Greece.
The Report then reverted to the domestic operations, and noticed
the successful exertions of the Edinburgh Tract Society ; 400,000
'maces and books having been circula ed. Then turning to the sister
island, the Report went on to say—
"lhe Religious Tract and Book Society for Ireland continues
ire efficient operations. During the past year its sales amounted
sw 443,778; and 27,3117 tracts were gratuitously distributed.
`' A taste for reading appears to increase as education advances.
'The Roman Catholic priesthood have felt alarmed, and have ex.
toned themselves to the utmost to oppose the progress of the truth,
hr every means in their power, from the mandates of their prelates,
strewn to the personal exertions of the priests. The lower orders
an forbidden to look into what they call heretical books or tracts,
and neither persuasions nor menaces have been wanting rasa:ono.
filish the object in view. Such opposition, although perhaps suc-
cessful for a time, must ultimately prove inefficient.
- Your Committee could rot remain indifferent to the opposition
manifested during the last autumn towards the circulation of the
tecrlptures in Ireland, and deemed it their duty to apply a portion
of the funds committed to their charge towards the gratuitous dr.
volition of tracts in the sister kingdom. This measure they were
the more strongly excited to adopt, from seeing an earnest appeal
addressed to the Roman Catholics, calling upon them to use
*very means in their power to circulate small publications in favour
of the tenets of the Chores of Rome, and opposing the Protestant
weligion.
• •••• Chants Mere been made to various institutioes, as well as indi-
viduals, in Deland, who are engaged in making known the great
swaths of the Gospel. These grants have in the whole amounted
AO nearly 70,000 tracts ; among them your Committee would
melee, that 8,000 tract., in the Irish language, have been sent to
, •Dr. Townley, of Limerick, in consequence of an application from
kiln.
•`: Your Committee feel confident that these proceedings will be
approved, and trust that they will induce many of your friends to
vender increated assistance to your Society, to enable them to pursue
'this important Object.
•••• The reports and proceedings of their predecessors in former years
/tare shown, that it has ever been a main object of your Society, to
=the errors of Popery both directly and indirectly • ': eon.
g the Luther*, the Melanctbons, the Calvins, the Tindall,
4.1 e Creamers, and the Latimers, of a former age, as their patterns
in sound doctrine and active exertion.' Your Committee, there.
• duce, could not view the increasing efforts of the Roman Catholics
de our own land, and their systematic opposition to the circulation
sof the Scriptural in Ireland, with indifference ; and from the aspect
sot the times, they felt themselves called upon to increase the num.
.1* of your publications which opposed the errors of the Church of
Amt. Had they shrunk from this contest, or dealt therein with
•a slack hand,' they would have betrayed the trust reposed in
• Orel. Still, however, their best efforts are but as pebbles from the
*rook ; the Lord of Hosts alone can make them of avail against
-those who gainsay and oppose, and use the most strenuous exertions
to make proselytes to /heir faith. The activity of Roman Catholics
orn this respect, in our own nation, is too obvious to escape even a
superficial observer; why then should Protestants be blamed for
lOW municating information on a subject which they justly feel to
be so important ?"
Whilst the passages we have given were being read, a great con_
:fusion arose in the gallery, caused by the exertions of some Irish
-Mistletoes to interrupt the reader, expressing strong disapprobation
at that part of the Report. After some contention silence was at
lingth restored. The Report was then concluded: it stated the
'numerous supplies of tracts to different parts of the kingdom, and
.eins general benefit which had arisen from them.
/.lt. DAVIS then stated to the Meeting the date of the accounts.
The operations of the Society had considerably increased, the pur-
ahem of tracts having been upwards of 3,5004. beyond that of the
• burner year. The Committee were happy to inform them that an-
iseeds of-ten millions five hundred thousand of their publications
Mire been issued during the peat year, making their total issues
emceed seventy millions, without including the tracts which had
Leen published at their expense in foreign countries. The Corn.
ARAMs had much pleasure in acknowledging the receipt of 828/. Is.
again the various Auxiliary Societies. The Committee likewise
.seecnowledges the receipt of 231.35. being the amount of a collection
at Paddington Chapel, after a sermon by the Rev. James Stratten.
The animal subscriptions received during the past year amounted
to 1,101/. 75., and the donations and life subscriptions to 298/.56.3d.
-tv...teral legacies have also been 'received, amounting together to
.. W. 18s. " The number of individual subscribers," says the Re-
illiplet, " to your Institution are now greater than at any former
villeetied. The gratuitous issues and money grants to Foreign Socie.
MIL Sleti ether important objects during the year, amount to
. 4401111 rd. les N. This, added to the loss on hawkers' tracts, amount.
•iii, to 1981. 19s. RI., will make the total gratuitous issues
ISM lbs. ild. being an increase beyond that of the preceding
.itom. of VW- Ifs, which has fully redeemed the pledge given by
tsar Consalitses, on the part of the Society, in the last Report. The
• assimme of tieuloorisking state of the Society's funds was received
11ilkoleasalfing skits of approbation by the Meeting.
tir. MGM Baowet, in a short speech, then moved the first
Asesintion. He thought that their attention ought particularly to
-b• directed towards the spiritual instruction of prisoners. He also I
,lemsgared good &macula, sc great a number of young people at 1
. the Meeting as there ma.
" That the Report, an abstract of which has been read, be re-
/meal arid circulated.; and that a continuance of the divine bless.
wig upon the labours of the Society be implored, and especially
Open the circulation of Tracts in China and the East, which this
Meeting trusts will be increased with each succeeding year."
The Rev. Dr. Mo R a I sot: rose to second the Resolution. He
descanted at great length upon the utility of the press to the opera.
liens of the Society. By its means they might, without quitting
their men homes, beneht the whole world, Morn pole to pole, by
means of Tracts. Ee hoped that the Committee would be aided is
alMlindontions to attain so lautloble an object as the instruction of
:=lcy millions of people in the divine truths of the Christian
he . G. Rev. T. A M lORTIIII proposed the second Resolution. If
wee were se speak upon each of the points in this Resolution it
riMMlMMeMagois he concluded, but he promised them he would
than tett minutes. This Resolution expressed joy'
orrl== at the opening prospects in South America, and
eilsuA they he's feeling joy ? If the Patriarchs could look down
*so. Heaven upon such a scene they themselves would rejoice. 'to
Age 101 l atitrantafe of this opuga they must both preach and
Heist the Word they lived in amp lAMB bath were tp use. and ,
ther mat not neglect to use them Ise eiglisesits purposes, a hen
oar were so often perverted to ussinbssinsestes. Tracts must be
out, and the Word spread over the Esse of the whole globe.
Alt •was not difficult to chaoge • man's belief, but it was to change '
his beast and ibis prisciple-he was glad to esoreginowledged in the
Ramlution, whale their success was ascribe/lie ills blessing of the
Mom 11 fib. lis was gratified tome that N Ilhatiollatietropolis took
the lead in Institutions of this kind.
siege eot Abe'
. tam iSsChief MaSistlsto S ght'
sr bed en opportunity stipialass Mimi IMAMS Mayor
salad at at the anniversary of lislidiselliddOLlMM Imo dor back,
for the enc.uragement of figillaillgroillig/.: )
rb. this Alsretiag i OM at the doe simulating
.Mafrsacts of this laultuttoa in South inilsibba that by
• liewhhensg of the iluet lilink they mum aleasimes ofl
lisenag many " from darkness w li#4"41.111 umarly iiissia—

mends the foreign operauera of the Society, as requiring the Ili.
creastd liberality of Christians of every denomination."
The 11ev..31r. DWIGHT, trout Amelia(' 00111(110Lkli 'the Resolu-
tion. He would pot.; after the cable speech that had just been
male, trouble the liceting with going Into any. great length. From
the exiniorts which this Society made in the New World he must
call them the American nod Foreign Bible Society, and also the
American Tract Society. lie was rejoiced mere that the Society
would soon be compelled to enlarge their corstributiuns, from the
immense field of of orations that was now opening to them. It was
true that they had made great progress frout the WWI in which they
were twenty years back ; but that was nut sufficient ; they must go
too till the whole world was supplied. The whole of the Societies
together had, lie believed, distributed seven millions cat Bibles and
Test awe nts . What was this in comparison to the population of
the woriu ? Independent of uinety millions of Catholics, not one
of whole tdit of a thouasial haul a Bible, there were the millions
and niilliOrts who had not even heard of it. This would, be hoped,
lead them to renewed exettions.
The 'Lev. 31r. Itieeve, from Binary, moved the Third Reso-
lution. From the *swiftest causes the greatest effects might be
produced. A Tract its its form was insignificant, but how great
and good effects it often produced they sere all aware. Front his
having:lied the honour to be a preacher of the Guspel in India it
might be expected diet lie should give some account of their la-
bottle in that country. Their exertions in that country were tit
first attended with great difficulties; the principal of them was the
want of a printing press; when that obstacle was overcome the
vanquished all others. aid goon spread the itiffuence of the Goalie'.
Education was spreading aspor.g the Iliedoos, and they would in
cosiaequeece soon discover that the Rennin% had deceived them.
Hitherto those priests had kept all knowledge confined within their
own Order, but now it was otherwise, for intelligence was spread-
ing among the people, and a great demand for Tracts, and indeed
for all instruction, iwas the consequence. One 'Basica had not
only received the ll'urd with joy himself but hat set up a school
fur teaching it. The Rev. Gentleman then related several in.
stances of conversion by means of the Tracts, particularly one of
a British Officer. Ile then sat down amidst great applause.
" That this /fleeting rejoices to hear of die many instancy of
usefulness which have resulted from the operations of the Society,
and its endeavours to make them effectual fur the good cat Souls."
The Rev. S. Tuouer, from Cambridge, seconded the inetion
in a short speech, but we regret to say lie was ieaudible.
The Rev. E. BICICRSTETII, secretary to the Church Mis-
sionary Society., moved the next Resolution. The more he knew
of tbis Institution, the more lie loved and approved of it. There
was nothing in his opinion in its proceedings which could prevent
any member of the Established Church coining forward and avow.
tog himself its supporter. So far from being cal saving ..f blame, it
merited the praise and thanks of all men. These sort of Societies
enabled them to do more good than could otherwise possibly be
performed. The Rev. Geutleman then detailed several cases where
the beneficial effects cf tracts had been manifested. The Itesolu-
don he held in his hand particularly applied to the Roman Catho-
lics. Ile rejoiced in their activity, fur it would direct their atten-
tion to the writings of the Reformers, and nothing more than that
was wanted. (Hear.) This led him to express his ardent desire
that the Institution would direct its attention to the republication
of the works of the early writers. (Hear, hear.) They lived in
times when the enemies of religion exerted themselves with greater
activity than ever ; he would also say, that its friends exerted them..
selves, but they must not slacken in their endeavours—they must
conic forward with vigour, and carry on this great work in the
spirit of love, patience, and perseverance. (Great applause.)
" That this Meeting approves the circulation of the Tracts in
Ireland ; and that at the present period they consider it most ini-
portant fully to recogr.ise the principles upon which this Society
has hitherto proceeded, namely-, the evangelical principles of the
Reformation, in which Luther. Calvin, and Crimper, were agreed;
and trust that, without reference to points of a secular or merely
controversial nature, the Committee will ever consider the Luther,,
the 51elanethons, the Tindals, the Craniners, and the Latimers of
former days, as their patterns in souud doctrine and active ex-
ertion."
The Rev. W. UNWICE, from Sligo, seconded the Resolution.
He would now, in the name of all Ireland, first thank the Society
for the 40.000 tracts with which they had auppliedithe Irish So
ciety. There were in that country, he was sorry to say, millions
who did not, and could not, appreciate the efforts that were making
for their spiritual welfare. Ile considered the distribution of tracts
in that country at this moment as of the highest importance. The
Roman Catholic priesthood were circulating, by all the means in
their power, controversial books. Not only that, but they provide
people to instruct the multitude in them, and put that ititerpreta-
non on them which suits their own purposes. These were motives
for renewed exertions on their parts, to endeavour to counteract
these metsuses by means of their Tracts. (Hear, hear.) He war
sorry to have heard lately that a Protestant speaker Mid
been putt down in a Protestant meeting. IVere the principles
of the Reformation less sacred now than they were heretofore,
' in the time of Crammer, Luther, and slelancthon—principles which
they maintained at the hazard of their lives, and of which we now
enjoy the benefit. The names of these great champions would
descend to posterity along with those principles which they ce-
mented with their blood. (Applause.) In proportion as the
tenets of the Roman Catholic church were acted upon, the greater
would be the removal of their professors from the pale ofisalva.
don ; in short, the more they dwelt upon other help than that of
the Saviour. The standing paint of Latimer and Luther was " jus-
tification by faith alone, a ithout works." This was our standing
point : but it was the rock upon which Popery split. The Rev.'
Gentleman here quoted from a book, which, he gold, was pub-
lished in Ireland, called The Way to the Cr:.os This was a boss':
containirg certain prayers, by the repetition of which absolution of
sin was promised by the Pope. To oppose such works as these,
such societies and such tracts as they distributed were necessary.
The Irish missionaries were active ; there was opened a field of
operation worthy of them. (Cheers.) The Reverend Gentleman
haring sat down,
The person in the gallery again attempted to obtain a bearing,
but was refused on the ground of not being a subscriber.
The Rev. Dr. Kit.titN moved the next Resolution. It ex.
pressed the thanks of the Society to the Auxiliary Institutions.
Ile spoke at great length upon the utility of' the ellstribotion of
Tracts. Ile related his own method of-distributine them, and the
i'
beneficial effects that resulted from it.
" That this :fleeting presents cordial acknowledgments to the
Auxiliary Society and individual friends, for their contributions
during the last year, and earnestly requests the friends of the In.
stitution to adopt measures for the establishment of Auxiliaries in
the numerous districts where the operations of the Society are com-
paratively unknown ; not forgetting the 'lmportance of Ladies'
Associations, and Juvenile Societies ; and that this Meeting nuns
that those friends who may be about to make testamentary at.
1 rangements, will not be uaneindful of the strong claims of this
Society." -
The Rev. Dr. NTITST ran, Wesleyan 3lissionary from Ceylon,
seconded the Resolution in a short speech.
The Rev. Dr. CLAYTON proposed the sixth Resolution. It ex-
pressed the joy of the Institution at the increased operations of the
Foreign Tract Societies. It so happened, he said, that this was
I the anniversary of the Society, and also of his own birth. Both
were born in stormy times; but they had both struggled through
their afflictions, and were now alive and prospering, and hoped
dint they might celebrate many anniversaries together. Ile highly
admired the conduct of the Rev. Gentleseen front Ireland (Mr.
Urwick) and entirely coincided in Vie principles of the Society.
" That this Meeting rejoices to hear of the increased operations of
many Tract Societies on the Continent, and also of' the tomiation of
a National lestitution in the United States of America, congratm.
feting the friends of Tract [Retribution in that country upon such
an important event, and trusting that the noble spirit of liberality
with which large contributions have been raised for its funds, will
stimalate the friends of the Religious Tract Society to greater ex.
ertions."
The Rev. R. Port next rose to support the Resolution. He
was rejdiced at the burst of Protestant feeling which he had that
day witnessed. Ile was rejoiced at it because it proved to him that
they were still aware of the inrportance of the tenets which they
professed. (Cheers.) He had been tearful, from what had taken
place in this country, that they had forgotten them. Now was the
time for Protestant well-wishers to be on the alert, anti he was
glad to see they were so. (Hear, hear.) Popery was now making
rapid strides. He could tell them of the schools that were established
in Lancashire by the Jesuits, mud of the spread of their doctrines in
the south-west of England. From the indifference, he might say,
with which these facts were vies el, the friends of truth seemed to
think themselves secure; but he would tell them that they were
not. (Hear.) They must be active end vigilant, and see that the
people were supplier' with intellectual food, or the enemy of man-
I kind would do it for them. Tne Tract Sneietv was the bark in
which the soul of Iran might be navigated through the rocks of
I temptation, and be landed in safety on the shore of promise As
an Irishman lie might be expected to say something of Ireland.
Various societies had been established for the purposes of educe.
don. Taste societies had prepared the way for the distribution of
religious tracts. A spirit of inquire was stirred up in Ireland—a
Tract Society was established in Cori, which, in three months, had
ttistnbuted 11.000 tracts and 5,000 religious books. Another
motive for exertion was, that the British Catholic Association had
engaged actively in the circulatioit of tracts. Another reason for
increased exertion was the instruction afflirdc-d at prevent to Ro-
' man Catholics, he ninon of their schools; in which a catechism
vas taught directly opposed to the doctrine of everlasting life. All
these must be motives for renewed exertion,. (/leer.) He would
beg leave to mention one other motive toe their exertians. This we,
the fact, that die great mass of the population of Ireland owe their
subjection to the See of Rome to their connection with this nouns
try ; for they were not in any manner connected with Rome till the
time of Henry 11. (Hear.) They must now come forward to
break the chain which their ancestors had been Instrumental in
imposing. (Hear.)
The Irish Gentleman in the gallery again pressed forward to be
heard ; but the uproar and conhusion which ensued for some mi-
nutes prevented our hearing a word he uttered. After a great con.
tension of voices,
Ale Uewrex suceenled in fixing the attention of the Meeting.
lie begged to put tie gentleman in the winery in mind that he was
net a subscriber, and could not be allowed to 'Teak whilst the bust-
Ines% of the Meeting was going forward; but he begged to inform
him that if he had any objection to take to anything that had been
said, be should have an opportunity of declaring his arnitimenut
when the business was despatched. (Great etetring.)
The Rev. Mr. Hoorea moved the last Resuolution, which was
a vote of thanks to their Chairman and the °Meer% of the Society.
He wosiht not at that hour detain the Meeting long. He wound
merely retateone tart, which would show how the distribution of
these tracts had once saved a man's life. A poor man took soave to
sell is lisses, and one day happened to mar a young lade, who
reeled a partieslar tract ; he- supplied her and went his why. 11
.is bilapasad that at nearly the same tvar ac assault awl ratitery

-

WSAIPM.E4

_ s_

THE BRITIS3II PRESS.

was committed some digits:H*oft and as the pax ma was sworn
to by the prosecutor, he would as doubt have but his life hail not
the young lady moved an ea/ These facts he meant to put
into the tMut uf • tract, that they might be generally known.
(Ileac, hear.)
Mr. PELLATT supported the Resolution, which was carried
with acclamation.
The CHAIRMAN then quitted. the Chair, and
111 r. Sheriff KEY was unanimously called to it.
The CHAIRMAN then put the question whether the stranger
should be heard? lie reminded the !Sleeting that it was not by
noisy opposition that the truth was mainuined, but by fair discus-
sion, and he hoped they would not forget that maxim tif English
jurisprudence, to hear bosh sides. (Cheers, and calls fur `• the
stranger.")
The Gentleman accordingly descended from the gallery to the
platform, and was announced as
Furznutamo, barrister, residing at Kensington. As an
Irishman anti a Catholic, be begged to throw himself on their in.
dulgence. Ile had heard with pleasure that part of the proceed.
ings in which the general progress of the Gospel was detailed ; but
alien he heard Gentlemen from Ireland address them, and mention
circumstances, which, supposing to be fact, were still to his know.
ledge greatly exaggerated, he hoped, there Fore, they would
pardon him. lie was a Catholic front the purest conviction, ar.d
there was no nun would be mire ready to forsake the tenets he
thofeased if he was convinced of their being founded in error.
hear. mingled with hisses.) ‘Vhat did he gain by being
Catholic ? Nothing. The ignorant state in which Ireland at pre-
sent stood had natural causes. Education was absolutely terbithlen
in the rein of Anne; but since those laws had been repealed
education had advanced. When knowledge advanced the Roman
Catholic* were the first in the march of toleration. With regard to
what had been said of Lancashire, he must deny that the seminaries
of that county disseminate) pamphlets. Ile did not think that the
Roman Catholic priest. ought to be blamed for endeavouring to
support their tenets among their flocks. With regard to the book
that had been mentioned, he denied that it contained any thing but
prayers proper to be used by all Christians. As to the Catechism
it was, to the best of his remembrance, good throughout, and
Dr. ‘Watts had copied great part of it. (Applause and laughter.)
The Rev. R. I'OPE letlehed area the several points alluded to
by Mr. Fitzgerald ; but differed in most of them. Ile could not
allow that toleration to the Church of Rome which he claimed for
it. To controvert his statement en that head he need only mention
the revocation of the Edict of Nantes. With regard to the instruc-
tion which bad been said to be going on, he was glad of it, for it
prepared the way for the Tract Society. (Cheers.)
Mr. Rot.rt: said he of all his family was the only Catholic, and
he tier e that creed Irons' a conviction of its truth • and nothing
led him to this conclusion more than the writings of the Reformers
themselves (hear, hear, and hisses.) The Catholic religion could
not, a ith justice, be accused of obscuring the intellectual powers I
Fenelon and Sir T. More were examples sufficient to contradict
the statement.
The Rev. 1)r. Unwics: was glad of the opportunity having
been afforded the Catholic Gentlemen to express their mentiments ;
but he must still denounce the general principles inculcated in the
book called The Way to the Cross. '1 here a man was placed in
that same posture in Which we addressed the Deity, and was made
to supplicate the Virgin for intercession with the Father, that he
might obtain forgivenees of big sins (grouts, and expr.•sions of
horror). This was placing the Virgin on an equality with the
Son. Ile thought he need nay no more on this subject. With
regard to what had been said of Feuelon, the gentleman who in-
troduced his name ought to know that he professed Jansenism. and
as well as l'ascal and that scat, was anathematised by the Pope.
(Applause.) The Rev. Gentleman then descanted at great length
on the doctrine of transubstantiation and other superstitions of
the lioniish Church. Ile concluded by expressing his firni con.
viction that the IVord of God would stand for ever. (Applause.)
After a few niore words from several Gentlemen,
The CHAIR simt declared that he hail heard nothing advanced
against the objects of the Society, and the-efure declared the meet-
ing dissclred.
meeting then separated, at half-past twelve o'clock, after
having been assembled upwards of seven hours.
A most handsome collection was made at the doors.

LIVERPOOL, THURSDAY EVENING.
Wind S.E. to E. Rain—High Water 42 m. past 7.
Arrived last night the Uranus, Neuman, front Dant= ; Catherine
and Elizabeth. —, from Wismar; Pilot, Law, from Limerick;
Martha, M'Nulty, from Newry; Ant, Roberts, from Dundalk;
Ann, Grayson' from Maryport ; Clyde, Parry, from Wigtown.
Arrived thisday, the Catherine Hamilton. Black, from Mlles.
The 51entor, Wilson, from New York, lies at Corkffor orders.
MAY 11.
Sailed the Christina, Bogard', for Demerara; Grecian, Stewart,
for 311ranham ; Canadian, Caney, for Montreal; Reward, War-
ren, for Drontheim ; Alexander, Iredeman, for St. Petemburgh
James, Keay, fur Londonderry.
111 AT 12.
Sailed the Jessie, Douglas, .for Antigua; N'row Margaretta,
l'entun, for Antwerp; Amelia, Fsack, for Gibraltar; Nile,
Wield, for Dublin.
Our Cotton Market is very flat, and no sales making • the
holders are firm and not willing to reduce prices. Upwards of .1,700
bags, Bengal and Surat Cotton, are advertised by auction for to-
morrow.

- - • -
EAST INDIA SHIPPING.

The General Morris, Welstead, from China, off Weymouth :
sailed from China on the lat of January, and from St. llelena on
the lit of April.
PASSENGERS PER GENERAL HARRIS, FROM. CIIINA.—W.
E. Phillip, F.sq. Governor of Penang, Mrs Phillips and children,
Mr. Lindsay, 31r. Knight, and Liea:enant 31• Kean, from St.
Ilelena.
Snip sroxEic wrrn.—The Tyne, Warrington, from Bengal to
London, May 2, in lat. 4.5. N. long. 29. W.

SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
-........---

CUSTOM-HOUSE. MAY 12.
SHIPS ENTERED INWARDS.—The Nymphe, Torgow, from
Stettin; Helena Aurora, Freatz, from Datuzic ; Rising Sun,
Edington, front St. Michael's; Nicolay Jaen, Skalli, from Chris-
tiania; Elizabeth, Major. front .Memel; Amalia, Pust, flout Stet-
tin ; Mary, Fletcher, from Louth; Thetis, Chrisp, from Lisbon ;
Gevalia, Fornquist, from Stockholm ; Carmarthen. Hubbock,
from Memel; Cecilia Margaretha, Schiolbcrg, front Dram; Bur.
leigh, Chancellor, from Sierra Leone; Bertha, Anscblag, from
7.oningsburg and Pillau ; lledemblik, Nazeby, from Medemblik ;
Diana, Cleugh, and Two Sisters, Ilays, front Memel; Naiad,
Hernpseed, from Roquetas acd Almeira; Iluffnung. Ganschow,
from Stettin; Emma, Stevens, from Port Oratava ; Wellington,
Evans. from Bombay ; Friendship, Mills, front Memel ; Venus,
Stcmorth, front Dantsic; Rose Hill. Kearsley, front V. isbcy ;
Thompson, Thompson. front Memel ; Fortuna, Tamma, from
Stralsund ; lieros, Faillant, from Calais ; Fairlie, Oldham, from
Calcutta, Madras, and St. Helena ; Hope, Page, front Harlingen ;
Dart, Stranack, from Ostend ; Estatfette, Zander, from Dantaie;
Dina and Gezina, Bootsrnan, from Hamburgit ; Scotia, Wylie,
from Gd. Canary and Lanzarotte ; Lark. Paul, from St4lichael's;
Nordatern, Niernann, front Wismar; Asia, Shields, from Berbice;
Frau Catherina, Fredericksen, front Alton' ; Fame, Slee, from
Memel; Union, Galloway, from Harlingen; Good Intent, Cur-
son, from liamburgh ; James, Scot;, front Tenerife and Lanza-
roue; and Sering,-Ra%ch, front Dantric.
ENTERED OUTWARDS.—The Hope, Bulley, for Lisbon;
Ocean, Weeks, for Boston ; Lively, Redman, for Sierra Leona
and Cape Coast Castle; Broxborneburg, Fewson, for India; The-
min, Probst, for Bremen ; Active. Lundy, for Pillau, Konings-
burg, and Elbe; London Packet, Randall, fur Limerick ; Jane,
Hicks, for Cork; Queen Elizabeth, Attwooll, for Dublin ; Ber-
wick, Eilbeck, for Madeira and India; and Columbia, Wilson, for
Madeira and New South Wales.
CLEARED OUTWARDS FINALLY AT GRAVESEND—The
Frederick. O'Hara, for Trrragona and Barcelona; Caledonia,
Wrightson, for Birboa Saltoun, Dalrymple, for Madeira and
Dominica; Lusitania, Gibbet's, for Oporto; and Manly, Sayers,
for St. Lucia.
CLEARING OETWARDS.—The Eliza, Sutton, for Madeira,
:thetas, and Calcutta; Ruth. Hore, for t;t. Kitt's ; Lyra, Guest,
for Gibraltar; Doune Castle, Hart, far Hamburgh ; Vrouw Maria,
Vander Weeg, for Antwerp; Ann, Watson, for Malta, Smyrna,
and Constantinople; Anson, Lincoln, for New York; and Astrea,
Sanderson, for Archangel.

PLYMOUTH' MAT 11.—Sailed the Dart, Roberts, for La
Guayra.
POUTSMOV T MAT 12.—Arrived the Elizabeth, Helmer, from
Gottenburgh ; and Europa, Lamb, front Dentate. Sailed his Ma-
jesty's ship Brazen, for Plymouth; and the Portuguese frigate
Princeu Real. for Lisbon.
Drer., MAT 12.—Arrived yesterday, and sailed for the River,
the Honourable Company's ship Lady Melville, from China ;
and Nereid, Wade, from the South Seas. Passed by at the back
of the Goodwin the Wilkinson, Bell, from Pernambuco, for Ham.
burgh.
GRAVESEND.—Arrived Naiad, Hempseed, from Almeirs; Bur.
leigh, Chancellor, from Sierra Leone ; Diadem, Smale, from Alex-
mina_ ; Marquis of Ely, Mangles, front Calcutta; Marquis Cam-
den, Larlins, from China; Lady Melville, Clifford, from ditto;
Nereid, AVaile, from the South Seas; Pelican, Richie, from
Marecilles; and several foreign vessels from the Baltic. Sailed
William Miles. Beadles, for Bengal; Jane, Wylie, for St. Lucia;
Saucy Jack, Hooper, for Honduras.

Extract of a letter from the agent to Lloyd's at Zaiste, dated
April 4:—" A Turkish Reet, consisting of tour frigates and 'hums,
and seven brigs, passed here on the 27th ult. for Patras, and re-
passed on the Slat, it is supposed for Modon. A Greek fleet of
from 23 to 30 twill is said to be off Cerign; but this wants confirma-
tion. Bit. Majesty's ships Medina, Hind, and Wearle, sailed twin
this the day before yesterday. supposed for Patras."
-- • - -
Yesterday morning, about eleven o clock, as the Rey.
Mr. Viyiar., 'Renew of :Bushy, was pioxeedlog down the Strand.
when nearly opposite NVarren's Blacking Warehouse, he fell back-
wards:to the ground, and ejaculated, Oh God ! and instantly ex-
pired. The unfortunate gentleman was picked up by some of the
passengers, and carried withdat delay to the house of Mr. Bate-
man. the ehymist and druggist, immediately opposite, but nothing
mold be done for him, ss life had fled. The deceased yea uncle to
Sir Hussey Vivian.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.
QOUTIT OT CHANCERY, FRIDAY, MAY 13.

WILLIAMS v. BACON.
Mr. Sies.vswiext. was heard on a motion fora now trial, on an
issue directed by this Court to be tried before Mr. Justice Park,
whether a payment of four shillings in the pound to Mr. Phillips,
for part of the Lind in the parish of Marktield, in the county of
Leicester, was a sufficient modus to discharge the lands horn tithes
to a rector. The ground of the present motion was, that the Judge
(Mr. Justice Park), had not noticed the discrepancy between the
mottos stated in the decd, of four shillings in the pound, and the
actual payment of four shillings and twopence, four and eight-
pence, and four and tenpcuce.
The Loun CHANCELLOR stated that this was not merely a
question between the rector and the occupier, but also between the
rector and Mr. Phillips, who, as impropriator of a portion of
tithes, claimed what was called great tithes (words uncertain in
their application), or a modus in lieu of them. To prove a title
to tithes, some said the grant must be produced, and others were
content with presumptive proof of its having existed ; others In-
sisted that • perception of those tithes was sufficient; but due
diligence to tracing the origin of the title must be shown. The
tithes might, have belonged to some religious house, and afterwards
become vested in the Crown ; such proof would go a great way ;
he had found great difference of opinion in the cases ; he was of
opinion that the trial had not been satisfactory; lie thought that
the facts could he better tried In an action with certain admissions,
than in an issue directed by this Court. Ile threw that out for
the consideration of the parties, but on the present motion be
should grant a new trial of the issue.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH, FSIDAT, MAT 1&

TITS ZINO V. LIEUT. ruitio (MADAM, R.N.
Mr. Ilnut:ati*x prayed the judgment of the Court against this
defendant, who is a Lieutenant of his Majesty's ship Ramifies,
which, io August 1823. was stationed off Dover, on the preventive
service. The defendant was convicted at the last Maidstone As-
sizes. before the Lord Chief Baron, for attempting to provoke Lord
liarborough to fight a duel, by tendering Ws card, and demanding
the satisfaction of a gentleman, and also for saying—`• I have chal-
lenged the d—d coward (meaning Lord liarborough) a second time,
but he has refused to meet me," with a similar intent to provoke
his Lordship to a breach of the peace.
.Ir. Justice LITT LEDALE having read the notes of the Learned
Judge who presided at the trial. the affidavits of Sir Richard Grant.
Commander, and of several other officers belonging to the Royal
Navy, and also those of three respectable Magistrates or the county
of Kent, and other persons, were put in and read on behalf of the
defendant. It appeared by the affidavits' that the defendant, on the
99th August, 1921 went on board a vessel, which was in Dover
harbour, to search for contraband goods; when on board, Lord
Harborough, who was not personally known to the defendant, re-
quested to know his business, anti on being informed that he was a
Lieutenant on the blockade service, and that his object was to
scareit the vessel, his Lordship became considerably irrl'ated, and
asked how he was to know they belonged to the blockade service.
The defendant replied that he might know it by the uniform which
he (defendant) had the honour to wear. Lord Harbarough said—
any body might put on that dress; said that he had been already
stopped by some •' blackguards." who were dressed in straw hats
anti blue trowsers ; that the officers on the blockade service were
nothing but •• highwaymen and rubbers," that lie could com-
pare then, to nothing else; and that he would not be bullied by
fdlows with swords and pistols. The defendant remonstrated
against such language being used towards officer in his Majesty's
service. By this time a large mob hall collected on the beach, and
Lord Ilarborough exclaimed, loud enough to be beard by them,
•• It he had more men on beard he would not suffer them to search
the vessel ;" upon which the people on shore cried out—" Go it,
my Lora, go it, my Lord; turn them out, turn them out." The
drfelidant, however, demeaned himself in the most respectful
manner; and, as soon as be had ascertained that the vessel belonged
to Lord flarborough, he discontinued the search, and desired his
men to replace every thing, and quit the vessel. The affidavits
described the defendant as a man of the most humane and peace-
able disposition, and at all times of the most gentlemanly manners
and conduct, and that he had a wife and seven children dependent
upon hini for support.
. .

The Avroliwor-GE•tnat. addressed the Court in mitigation
of punishment. In this case he had no desire to make any
observations disadvantageous to the character of Lord Ilar.
borongli, except so far as they were applicable to this trans-
action and necessary to the defendant's interests. It he were
to set otherwise it would be contrary to his client's instructions,
who was only anxious that the whole of the circumstances attending
this occurrence should he distinctly made known to the Court, and
then he would submit with every feeling of respect to their Lord-
ships' judgment. In this case it was necessary that their Lordships
should know the character which Lieutenant Graham had received;
he did not mean as to his conduct as an officer, but as to character
for peaceable and humane disposition, and of amiable deportment
on all occasions. He was sure a person of such a character—borne
testimony to by men of the highest respectability, whose knowledge
of the defendant had been acquired by the closest intimacy with
Mm for a number of years—it was impossible that such a person
could have departed from that character,_ and have pursued a dif.
ferent line of conduct, unless he had received some extreme peno.
nal provocation. lie would advert to the verdict which was given
on the trial of l'innow, who was indicted by Lord liarborough for
stopping and boarding his vessel on the morning preceding the
transaction between Lis Lordship and the present defendant. The
Jury " were of opinion that Lord Harborough was not engaged in
smuggling, but that be landed under such circumstances as justi.
fied.the suspicion of his being engaged in smuggling." What
motive L•ed liarborough had for observing the conduct which it
appeared he had done on that occasion, he (the Attorney-General)
should not stop to inquire, unless indeed it could he collected from
the words of his Lordship, when he exclaimed, within the hearing
of the mob, that he was fighting their battles, that he was resisting
for their interests, and that he hoped they would always resist-
This brought him to the trans etion in question. He would re-
mind their Lordships that the viand had in every respect the ap.
pearance of a common fishing-vessel ; there was a studious endea-
vour to assume that appearance, and it was not at all like a gentle.
man's yacht. Lieutenant Grahaml had heard that such a vessel
bad arrived near the Knowles. and had not been searched. But
an additional circumstance, which was calculated to excite great
suspicion ea to the character of this vessel, was, that but a few days
before a smuggling crew lied actually landed at that very spot with
contraband goods, where a violent resistance was offvred to the ofil.
eers in the discharge of their ditty. Now in this case it was not
pretended that Lieut. Graham knew that the vessel belonged to
Lord Harborough when he went on board; but even if he had
known it to have been so, yet in the discharge of his duty he was
bound to search her; for, as the defendant observed to his Lord.
ship when the latter asked him whether he suspected him to be a
smuggler. " Certainly not, my Lord ; but you canner be always
aware of the conduct of your men :" nor could he. bord Harbo.
rough, however, objected to the manner in which the search was
conducted ; but he would say that no search could have been
made with greater forbearance and propriety. It was made a matter
of complaint that no locks were broken open. It was not necessary
to have broken open any locks; the only object of search was the
shingles ; and all that was required to be done therefore was to lift
up the hacbway and to look under the shingles, where contraband
good's were in general concealed among the ballast of the vessel.
%Irbil° the search was going on, Lord liarborough estate on board,
and what was his conduct and language on that occasion ? In his
cross-examination at the trial, his Lordship admitted that he made
use of the word " insolent" to the officers of his Majesty's navy--a
word which ought never to pea among gentlemen. In the hearing
of his own men and of the defendant's new, and also of the persons
witnessing the transaction, he compared the defendant and his fel-
low officers to highwaymen, and he desired them to tell him the
distinction !between a blackguard and a blockade man, and using,
indeed, the most contumelious and insulting language durii-jr the
whole of that transaction. But the extraordinary part of his Lord-
ship's conduct was, that although he ptetendeel not to know the
rank and situation of the defendant, yet at the trial he said
that lie knew the person of Lieutenant Graham. It was
not meant to justify what Lieutenant Graham had done; he
conducted himself on the first part of the transaction with the
greatest propriety; and with the single exception of delivering
his card, and using the word " satisfaction," what was there
at all improper in the conduct of Lieutenant Graham ? Their
Lordships had heard read the insulting language used by
Lord Harborough to the defendant, and the encouragement given
by him to the people assembled on the wall to resist the right of
search ; and doing all this, no doubt, for the purpose of creating
tumult and disorder. These circumstances showed a strong pro-
vocation given to the defendant ; and he thought that he was
titled in the proposition lie used at the first, that milting but the
greatest provocation could have induced the defendant to transgress
the law as, in this instance, he had done. The defendant felt that,
in the discharge of his duty, however strong the provocation was,
be was not justified in challenging Lord Ilarborough to fight.
For this the defendant expressed his sincere regret, and hoped
their Lordships would make great allowances for the circumstances
under which he had acted ; considering the provocation given, the
abusive language, and the insult offered to the defendant and his
friends, both as gentlemen end as officers of his Majesty's nay I
and that their Lordships would be disposed to think, not that this
conduct on the part of Lord liarborough justified what the defend.
ant had done, but that it was as near a justification as the nature of
the circumstances would admit. This was the case of Lieutenant
()minim, and having put their Lordships in possession of the facts,
the defendant would now bow, and await the judgment which the
Court should he pleased to pass upon hint.
Mr. lincivotrax complained that his Learned Friend who con.
ducted the defence at the trial had abstained from having the facts
which had now been brought before the Court proved on that occa-
sion, when the officers who had made Gffidavits were all in Court at
the time. The consequence was that these officers, so adverse to
Lord Harborough. and naturally so well inclined towards the de.
fondant, were not cross-examined as to those facts. so that he was
now taken by surprise, and was not prepared to answer the state.
men is which were matte in their affidavits. Ile considered the second
search of Lord Harborough's vessel was suflicient to make his
Lordship designate the defendant's conduct as vexatious. Their
Lordships, however, would hardly enter into his argument or be-
lieve him, that the person now on the flaw was the sante person who
bad challenged Lord Harborough—when he reminded them, that
at the time he moved this Court fur ri criminal information, that
rule was refused in consequence of this defendant 'tweeting that he
did not give the card as a challenge, but as a respectful intimation
to Lord Harborough of who and what he was, in answer to his
Lordship's question. Now this might be all very wall for an ex-
planation as to what passed pit bond ; but what became of what

•-•

was old its the room in the Custom House ? He who had sworn
Re did not
that he )(aye the card for an innocent purpose,there went and bragged
that he had challenged Lord Harborough, and that he was a coward,
and that his refusing to fild ;him would oblige him to kick Lori
ilarborough ? This was no light matter; the Coon had beau
trifled with, and he (Mr. Brougham) would (yea now give the de-
fendant time to amend his affidavit, and explain this extnsordinary
circumstance. There certainly was irritation given, but was it Doi
irritating to Lord liarborough, that these lenient amiable Custom.
house officers, who were such prodigies of lotlicarance as almost
to leave their courage doubtful, who had now " from morn to dewy
eve'' ceased their labours ; that these very men should search •
,hoefaiaal rperofsontwelve
living, being, übrelntgh,eastaitTeyvereric?, esly'osedhete
secsvoeroysnhmdeseetnimture'eligitnahtttions, to act with temper, and prevent themseisee
pfrressom br:rinagseesvcereitadjutodgminsoenlent tagc:inidlsutctotioewdaerfednsdaotnhter, ano, r
did
he
as,
for a heavy line, as in all probability it s mild be pr,ld by the pub.
ht
I.c (a laugh); but he called for such a judgment as could show the
King's subjects that they were no hanger to he subjzet to such treat.
ret!‘, a:.d upon
r
meat on the part of those tom who were paid by them to perfueut a
certain duty.
Mr. Justice BArLtr-Philip Graham, it is a eery- painful duty
on mY• pan to have to pass the sentence of the Court on an officer
of rank, a gentleman, and a person who, on the testimony of
many
individuals, stood, with the single exception of the transaction
which had brought you before this Court, high in the est:mm aa
of many respectii'de persons, and a person with a wife and family
dependent on him for support ; but &Jury have found you guilty a
5e asollemnugcehtoopproevrsooknesLwohrdo
were Hearbo"s'eungt a
p
h to
the time, but of
persons who saw you a short time after at the Long Room, as the
Custom House, which made it impossible for the Jury to come to Loy
Clltingee a
notch
other conclusicn. There appears certainly upon these affidavits
great
reason of provocation on the:part of Lord lisrhorough ; but there
was one circumstance which was totally unexplained, and foe ROI
of that explanation it gives a very peculiar character to this trans-
action. It appears that a messenger was sent by Lord Ilarborough
to you on the morning of the 29th of August, 1823, by a person of
the name of iVillianis, respect!' g borne person with whom he had
hal an altercation on the prcced ny evening, and that you said,
that If he wanted to see you he night come where you were. His
Lordship came, and by that time you were on board his vessel.
How you came I cannot find at all explained, 'Whether you re.
ceived an information to induce ou go does not apptar by
the evidence; you have not shown why you were there. I
hare looked at the affidavits of Smith and Knowles, and
find that it was not at their sugges i in. but yours, that there
was a vessel In the harbour which had not been searched.—
When Lord Harborough came, in pursuance of your message ha
found you were on board his vessel ; that circumstance it seems Mi.
tated his Lordship, and occasioned language to env_
pe his lip.,
which on other occasions would not have fallen from him. On
board there was much provoking language certainly, and then oc-
curred that offence which brings you here to receive the judgment of
the Court. It is of great importance that the service in which you
are engaged should be protected ; but on the other hand those sho
are employed in it should keep a control over tl:eir temper, and not
suffer any thing to provoke them to use such language as to lead to
a breach of the peace. The judgment of the Court is, and they do
md.r and adjudge that you be imprisoned in the custody of the
31arshal of the Mars, alien for a term of four calendar months.
The defendant then bowed, and left the Court in tire custody of
the officers.
---u0u...--
PREROGATIVE COURT, FRIDAY, MAY 13.

OLIVER AND TURES V. HEATHCOTZ.
This was a question as to the validity of a will propounded by
the executors of the late Josiu Twisseltcet' Esq. of Arlington
Hall, near York, and which was opposed by the heir at law, and..
only child of the testator, on the ground of inanity.
It appeared the testator was possessed of landed property of tha
annual value of near 3.000/. and that at an early period of his life
&presumption existed that he was entitled to the baronies of Saye
and Sele, and act. g on the advice of his Counsel, he prosecuted
his claim thereto. After an expensive litigation a decision was
pronounced against him. The shock this gave to his mind was of
a violent nature, and as he advanced in years displayed itself in
decided proofs of mental aberration; thus he would fancy himself
to be Lord Saye and Sele and on many other topics showed that
lie laboured under mental delusions. It was subsequent to this
that he executed the will now propounded, and by which he be-
queathed the bulk of his property in annuities to his wife, his
daughter, and her children, but expressly excluded Mr. Heath-
cote, his daughter's husband, from any management in or control
over his estates, or over the annuities left to his daughter and grand.
children.
sir Josur NICHOL!. pronounced judgment. The questions fur
his decision were, whether the teatimer was or was not in a mats of
insanity ; and if he was, what was the law as applying thereto, mid
what the particular circumstances and facts on which it was to
operate in this case.
It had been decided in the memorable case of Cartwright a.
Cartwright, that to make a document flowing from an insane person
valid, it was necessary that it should be proved that the party en-
joyed an intemiission from the malady, at the time of its exeeu.
tion ; nor was it necessary that that intermission should be proved
to have bden possessed any length of time before or after the
act in question ; it was sufficient if it were enjoyed at the actual
time of its performance. The usual proof of lucidity in such cues
must be the manner sod matter of the act. With respect to the
manner of the act, it appeared in this case that the testator gave
his instructions personally to his solicitor; that he gave accurate
accounts of the nature, situation, and extent of his property. and
that in the course of conversation he actually alluded to the sub-
ject on which at times his insanity was most apparent—the
baronies of Saye and Sele, and which he did not descrthe as
hie property, u in his fits of insanity he wamused to do, but
spoke of them as the possessions of a relation, which in fact
they were. With respect to the matter of the will, the Learned
Judge, after a general review of, and comment upon, its peculiar
features, said that it was in its arrangements wise and equitable,
and in perfect accordance with the uniform expressed intentions of
the testator.
The Court was therefore of opinion that it was a valid rostra
meta, and dec-eed for it accordingly.

lIIARRIED.
Yesterday, the 13th inst. at St. John's, Hackney, by the Rev.
Richard Haney, Mr. Alfred Williams Powles, of Stamford
Hill, to Janet, daughter of the late George Meek, Esq. of Perth.
At St. Peter's Church, Dublin. the Rev. Ralph Coot* (brother
to Sir Charles Coote. Barr., of Ballytin, Queen's County), to Har-
riet, youngest daughter of the late Rev. Samuel Close, of Elm.
Park, county Armagh.
On Thursday, at Mary-la.bonne New Church, Thos. T. Grant,
Esq. to Emma, fifth daughter of the late Richard Grant, Esq. of
Ru. ell-place, Fitatoy-nquare.
On the 10th Inst. at Charlton Musgrove, Somersetahire, the Re-
Paul heir, of that place, to Mrs. Pleydrll, of Holsbrook Ham,
near Wincanton.
On the 11th lint. at St. George's, Hanover-square, Sir Wm.
Fouls, Bar:. of Ingleby Manor, Yorkshire, to Mary Jane, wend
daughter of the late General Sir Charles Rosa, Bart, of Balnagown,
Scotland, and of Lady Mary Ross, and niece to die Duke of Lein.
ster, who gave away the bride.
On the 10th inst. at NT est Malting, Alex. :11aillatel. Esq. cf
Gloucester, to Susannah, daughter of the late Sir Stephen Lang-
ston.
On the 10:h inst. at Great Maplesteatl, Essex, 5% dibase,
Esq. of Chelmsford, to Eliza, youngest daughter of the Rev. James
Sperling, of Monks Lodge.

DIED.
On the sth inst. in Somerset.strect, Portman.sqemss, nature,
widow of the late T. 11. Barrow, Esq. of Barbados, aged 81.
At Preston, in his 61st year, John Gorbt, Esq. Deputy Clerk of
the Peace.
At Cockermouth, in the 114th year of his age, J. C. Satterthwaite.
E,q. one of his 51ajesty's Justices of the Peace, and Realm-Ge-
neral for Cumberland, and fur nearly 30 years Chairman of the
Quarter Sessions.

No. al, S?RAND.
DETECTION; OR, THE CANINE UMPIRE.
' Gat wasney—and honestly, Toni. if you can,
But get k by all means ; for Wealth makes the maAr
This lame well comi'd, Tom set out then In life.
With honor and honesty ever at strife;
And wanting of merit it. pristine desert.
The vacuum supplied with unprincipled art;
And av'rice and envy the enterprise backing.
Commenc'd imitation of Warren's Jet Blacking;
And sole his invention alleged, in the name
Of that by experience long sanctioned and farna.
Thus roistering his trash on the public, pursuits
Destructive weird all his customers' boots,
On which thought incesantly labour still moii'd
The gloss remain'il dormant, the leather was spoild
A proof of the genuine at once to command.
From 30, the Start of Renown in the Sttand,
An amateur ordered a dozen of blacking •
And, that there might be no publicity la.citiogs
A summons sustained for recovery of debt,
Incurr'd for a purchase of Tom's assumed jet
' Your worship, the false and the true now betwork•
The dirrence, the Amateur said, 'shall be seen
Instanter, in es idence even by my dog !'
Two unpolished boots then of blacking inook
Were gaited on the table, and brushes applied,
11'hen one to a mirror aeem'd truly allied.
The other's brown shade while no art could subrine ;
The dog, thus distinguishing which was the true.
Now gambol'd his reflected figure about,
The other's seeking with'n his companion, poWd out
A bottle thus labek'd.—" Detection not Isekir4
On base imitators of 11. meren's Jet mackin,s r
This easy-shining and brilliant 111.ACKII\ Pl*Paed bq
ROBERT WARREN, 38, Strand, London; DPI sold in evert
town in the Kingdom.
LIQUID, in Bottles, 61. lOd 12d. and likL sada
Also, PASTE BLACKINO, in Pots, &I. lid. and Ifkl orb.
A Shilling Pot of Paste is equal to Four Is. Bakke of Liquid..

111014 WATER THIS DAY AT lA)NDON BElDffli•
Morning U oin. after 11. I Ahersuips W weft• aria

Priated at THE. BRITISH PRESS Office, be .I.lll.Cestsuir,
Id!. Strsod. slid published by R. Cur itia at, MN Pbok
