PROTESTANT DISSENTEILS.

Mr. (AlXliAWpresented a peti-tion In an 11;CPmtfstant I tis-
'enters of Wareham, complaining of the Excltaion Laws.—Laid
cc the table.

Mr. DUN DAS presented a petition from Ilarborough, in Lyon-
of the abolition of slavery.
Lord BEIAIRAVE presentitd *similar petition from the inhabi-
tants of Chester.

Lord NP PENT presented a petition in favour of the gradual
abolition of slavery (as we understood), from North Hutton, in

SALT DUTY

Mr. WODEHOUSE gave notice of a motion on the 6th of May,
for the continuance of the present salt duty. This notice he was
induced to give after having consulted with many Members on both
Fides of the House on the propriety of its cvntint:.:ACe.

ALIEN RILL
31r. PEEL, in moving for bringing up the report of the Alla,'
Bill, intimated, that he hoped that any further discussion mat taigbt
11,c had upon it would be postponed until Friday or Saturday, as
in,giit suit the convenience of the House. Ile threw out this ate.
gest ion in order that the busines • of the night might not be into -
ruined.
Mr.ill TIRE was anxious that this odious Bill might he Apeeill
disposed of. He saw no prospect that in two years there would be
less occasion for this Bill than at the presetir moment. In fart
there could not, fur no necessity whatever now existed for its en-
forcement. The Han. Mender concluded by moving an &mewl -
went to the clause which warrant: :I its continuance for two year,
and suggested that one year be suostituted for two.
Mr. HUTCHINSON had to reproach himself for ha-ir.g oud•
ted, on the former night of the discussion of this Bill, tla tepees -
Ilion of his indignation that it should tie adopted as a kgisiativ e
measure in the present situation of the country. It was trine t
with injustice to emigrants in this country. He had heard ea
speech of the Right Honourable Secretary (Mr. Caning) jet
support of it ; but, although his speech on tLat oceasiontwas equa I
in eloquence and ability to anything he bad ever heard from him ,
be could dimover, in the course of his address, no valid grounds tot
the continuance of so harsh and oopresure a measure as the Altai
Bill. He would give notice that in the next reading of eve Biz he
would reply to rime parts of the speech of the Right Hustuuraliie
Secretary, and state more fully his objections to the Bid.
Alter & few words from Ma Peat. and Mr. !acorn, the amend-.
meet was negatived without a division.
The report was then brought up, and the Bill was real a accent!
time.

BUIhDINO OF CHURCI:E3.
Oa tile motion of the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER,
that the House resolve itself ir.to a Comm itiee of Suppdy,
Mr. HUME said, that he saw the consider:Limn of- the grant for
building of churches marked in the paper. The wpm by which
be might become acquainted with the nature and i•tirpo•ie to which
this sum was to be appropriated had not reached his house when he
left it ; therefore the House could not be aware of the nature of this
grant. Besides, the Right lion. lienthina3 had said, that he
would not require the fothi,hool to be appropriated to this purpna
for two years. He was therefore surptiseil to sect it set down iu tho
paper of that evening.
rue CHANCELLOR of the EXCHk:QUER assured the Hon.
Member that be need not entertain any apprehension on the sub-
ject of the churches, as it was not his intention to more for ins;
grant in the Committee.

.
Mr. HUM be—For what purpose then are we alined on to go into
a Committee of Supply ?
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER replied, for the
consideration of the Militia estimates that still reniained undo.-
posed uf anti of the gram for the improvement of Windser Inteite.
The House then resolved itself into a Committee of Supply.
Lord PALMERSTON moved in Committee for the estimate of
19e,b001. toe defraying the charge of the blilitia en the years Ittrit
and 1824, but subsequently posepoced the iiumehete co:aides:ion
of it, at the request of Mr. flume.
WINDSOR CASTLE.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER rose to propose
*grant, of which he had given notice at an early part of the Mis-
sion. He felt that be was justified in the notice which he tYni
gave, as the fulfilment ofsehe objects of that rent was within Use
means of the country. The purposes to which the sum was tit be
appropriated that he row called upon the Committee to vote, were
certain repairs and improvements in the Castle of Windsor. It
would be readily conceited that whatever alterations were Made in
that magnificent structure, which had so long been the favourite
residence of the Kings of England, should be in a style and man-
ger corresponding to its antiquity, and becoming the respect in
which it was held by the whole country. (Hear, hear.) Tim
Committee should be informal that part of the proposed greet
should be deviated to the purchase of small portions of land, ael
of houses, which were at present as obstacles in the way of the pro-
jectal improvements. Without such purchases, the changes to to
made in the aspect of the Castle, and general appearance of the
domain, could sot be m-complished. The sum which would he
re ;aired during the present year, for giving effect to these dif-
ferent purpose., would be 160,8001. He would not at erreseet
trouble the Committee by re-stating the ground* on which at the
commencement of the Session he intimated his intention of pm-
poeing the present grant ; nor would lie odor any generai obser-
vations in support of its propriety, as he was convinced that there
prevailed in every mind a disposition to support the Monarch of
these realms in a palace of proper magnificence. The more im
modiste consideration before the Committee was, how this sum
could be best applied. The first object catainly to be at-
tended to was the personal comfort and convenience of the Mo-
narch. Every one who knew the situation of the King's am.
partments in Windsor Castle must be aware that it wen
exceedingly Inconvenient; no communication could be made
with them and the other parts of the Castle, but to the extreme
inconvenience of the Sovereign ; and when it was amediteed
that the present demand was one which mese from a denim of pro-
moting his domestic eminfoet, it was one which all world brae it
was proper should be made. Amongst other alteration., at win
in to improve the access to the Castle, and to facilitate th
communicate-to between the King's apartments and thaw whi.
were called the state apartments. The Committee were probelee
aware that there were in the Palace suits of rooms entitled •-the
King's state apartments," and " the Queen's state apatments."
It was therefore necessary that those apartments which were used mi
state occasions should be kept up and maintained in a style •,f
splendor suitable to the dignity of the Monarch, and cortenpotie
ing to the greatness of the country over which he presided. (Hear.
Besides the embellishments of the internal part of the building, it,
was intended to maks some additions, but to no great extent, in toe
exterior of the Castle. These, however, would be made with just
nascence to the age and character of the building. Some additions
had at no distant period of time been made, which were not es
keeping with the general style of architecture of the Palace ; tihne
' it was intended to remove. There were many other unsightly T -
: cumbrances, which It was proposed Should be cleared away ;
! considerable progress had already been made in retooling many of
! them. He particularly referred to a row of buildings which was
opposite the front entrance to the Palace, which was, as it were. al
eyesore, and a complete impediment to the view both of and tr
! the Castle. It was proposed that these and several other emubroue
and inconvenient houses, which grew as deformities on this name.
ficent pile of building, should be removed. Ts effect this object it
was necessary to purchase several houses adjoining the mince,
and several pieces of land in its vicinity. The pieces of lore
which it was intended to buy were surrounded by the royal downiii,
oe which they encroached, and appeared as though they were in-
closures in it. He would put it to the consideration of any gentle-
man, how disagreeable he must feel it to see his own domain in-
truded upon in such a manner, and how anxious, under limes...-
circumstances, would be not be to free himself from such an in-
convenience. Even closely silk: Meg the Long 'Welk in the Ginn-
Park, which was ow of the finest avenues in the world, the pre .
perty of several persons was to be met with. And it was a ter:
that if a disposition was entertained on the part of the Home te
convert the ground that they there occupied into streets, the view
from the top of the Long Walk, of the Castle, which was the most
splendid imaginable, would be totally intercepted anti theiroise;
These persons at present evinced no indisposition, for a valueh e
consideration, to part with these lands and houses ; and it wot•lit
be well thr the House to avail itself of their readiness to dispose or
them now, lest they might fall into the hands of persons reluctant se
part with them. Thai far he bail stated all the objects which it
was proposed to attain by the present grant. Ile was aware l• •
might be asked why, in submitting the present estimate, he de,
not also submit a plan of the improvements, • and a statement
the detailed expenses to be incurred an the executini of them
However, when it was considered what was proposed to lee done.
the nature of the objects to be attained, and the maws that muss
necessarily be resorted to in attaining them, it would be readily
perceived how difficult it must be at the present mimeot to lay be-
fore the Committee a detailed valuation of the exact es peeditere
each item separately. A great discussion with many parties lima
be had between the present time and the execution of whatever im-
provements might finally be effected. And this unterminty was
rendered greater item a want of knowledge of the precise twee an.:
extent of the alterations; for, with the reonllectinn of a hat had el.
ready taken place with respect to other buildings, CV(' 0101141 I•a
taken not to do anything which they might be hereafter called upon
to undo. By delaying the present grant, however, the preen.,"
of the works could not be sithaneed ; the whole year might pass
over without having effected any alteration, a. it was not in les
power during the session to promise an exact estimate of the detain
ed expenditure of the grant. At the same time. honeys-a, that a:
that moment he was not prepared to submit such an intimate, ye:
he was aware that he incurred the responsibility of the manner ie
which the money would he expentied, (hear, hear.) and In allure
upon the Committee not ire refuse the grant on this c.osind.
only asked credit for that fair and legitimate confidence, •n
magmatal. this kind. Government was entitled to claim and cep': t
front Parliament. (Hear, hear.) Me would neat tall the atter -
non of the Committee to the aepointment of the Commiarion to
whose management this money was entrusted. some misrepresen-
tation had hien made as to the nature of this eemolieniee at was
not intended to introduce any Bill into Parliament fur the pureuee
of appointing this Commission, for it was unnecessary to inateeme
such a Bill, unless &necessity existed fee investing the members of
it with sonic special power. that did not benne! to any peacanting
branch of the executive Government. But. in the piesmt smeance,
no such necessity existed, ast there was a rompennt pewee In the
Lords of the Ttessury to mike purchases ender the present -grant,
and consequendy of directing other, to make them ienee: thee ten:,
bon and authority. An Act of Muliarnent ter the purport ilterm
fore was unnecessary. It had been objected to nee Conanomen
Chet it was unconstitutional in its appointment. Ile siteold admen
that this objection might carry some force along with it if it weep
intended by Government to withdrew meineelves from a newton
bility of the mimeo:knee. Such was sett their Monition sun the
contrary, they did not seek to screen there:tees fronanity respon-
sibility ; they were ready to he responsible, not only for the en-
penditnre of the money, but also for the taste with which' it was
applied. (Hear.) In order to aiti than its the fueffirnent of the
hitter pledge, they hoped to be mined materially by the advice et
persons of well-known skill in mimes of an•hiteemirel taste and Im-
provement
nitarllswoTuiheaid of s
dbcwughperst
szuconepe
kemad
jat to
ntentarengpocieFasio,d toir;‘msm
morn
part he was daireas of pertiripatirg in the counsels of suds :net-

siesta—Tialeirairiot Wtaiprossititsnan— fie --office was • I
gaibicatton to such an undertaking as that they were now about. ;
Iflerilid not flatter himself that the holding an ex-officio situation
wee a qualification of good taste. (Hear, hear, and a laugh.) I
It yes the opinion of Mr. Burke, that it was impossible for the r
fine arts to make any considerable progress in this country whilst
under the control and patronage of the official department. Ile I
attributed this to the nature of their education, and to the opinion
that from the duties and habits of business in which they were in- i
volved, they could not be much skilled in matters of this kind. It
was certain that there was nothing on which it was more difficult
to agree than on subjects of taste; yet in this, as in every thing else, I
condemnation of one's plans or opinions carried with it the pre-
sumption of incapacity to execute or to think rightly on the sub-
ject. lhtring the discussion on the buildings of last Session, he
observed there were scarcely two persons who coincided in opinion
on the taste after which they wished the buildings to be fashioned.
Although this presumption might be entertained against official
persons, yet there was not wanting precedent for vesting this au-
shonty in ministerial persons. In the time of Sir Wm. Chambers,
who had been satirized with great severity in an heroic epistle of
Mason, and who, in his opinion, was over-rated as an architect,
matters of this kind were managed by the Board of Works. Nor
was this the only example to be met with in support of the
coarse he now meant to recommend. Ile found a precedent
also in the conduct of Parliament in 1802 Inc the course he
was now about to recommend. At that period, when the Le-
gislature had resolved to commemorate by statues, and there.
by transmit the glorious achievements of tlmse who perished in
the service of their country, the Lords of the Treasury had availed
themselves of certain persons competent to form an accurate opi.
nion on such subjects, which had been found available to a very
great improvement in the public testimonials that wero then erected.
Those persons had been denominated, in ridicule, " The Commit-
tee of Taste ;" but it was due to those pecans to say, that the con-
sequence of this communication was, that good plots were received
anu accepted, and the style of their execution was far superior to
what it otherwise would have been, had not such a course then
been taken. As Government took upon itself the responsibility for
the manner in which the money was expended, they would natu-
rally be more anxious that the persons composing the Committee
shoald nil be men of admitted competency (hear), which would
carry wit!: it the additional silvan:age of winning and insuring pub-
lic confidence in the expediency and propriety of whatever improve-
ments might be adopted by them. (Hear.) Therefore the individuals
should be each and all men of whose qualifications there did not
esist, either in the mind of that House or of the public, the slight-
est doubt. Of' this commission, his Noble Friond at the heal of
tho Treasury, and the Commissioner of Woods and Forests, and
tinnif, were, from their situations, necessarily members. In
the assorration of Members with whom they could unite their
etfu is, the country would have an assurance that they would
act on good and sound principles. He would repeat the as-
serion that at the proper season he would rot shrink from a
responsibility of the whole expenditure, but would say, " Ad.
cast q:ti frri." After baying explained the views and inten-
tions of itovernment on the subject, he hoped there was not
anything unreasonable in the amount, nor objectionable in the prin-
ciple to be applied to the objects which they had in view, nor in the
trade of obtaining those objects, which should it duce the House to
withhold their assent from the vote which he was now about to
nsove. The Right lion. Gentleman concluded by moving, that
160.0001 be granted for the purposes of repairs, improvements, &c.
of the Castle of Windsor. (Hear, hear.)
Sir JOSEPH YORKE approached the present vote with great
defictey. He was uns Ming to say anything which might even ap.
parently have a undency to throw cold water on the ardent zeal
sad spirit of loyalty with which the Right lion. Gentleman pro-
posed to take 110,1001. front the pockets of the people, to try archi.
tectural experiments on the Castle of Windsor. This was a large
au::: for such a purpose, and it should be borne iu mind that the
improvements that were adopted by one monarch were frequently
altered to please the taste of his successor. Thus Charles the Se-
cond, in the windows of this very Cattle, introduced the Saxon
architecture; George the Third altered it to the Gothic. The
Hight Honourable Gentleman announced, that several persons
were to be associated with himself and the First Lord of the Tres-
sury in devising plans of improvement of this Castle. What har-
moty of design could be looked for from Mr. Stnirke, of Covent-
g?rtlen ; Mr. Wyatt, with his true Gothic ; and Mr. Nash, with
his Chinese pavilion ? What result was to be expected from this
Committee of Tate and Architecture ? (A laugh.) The purchases
which were to be made were not accurately rusted. It might be re-
Tired. for aught they knew, to purchase the whole town of Wind-
t, re. This mixed commission,composed partly of irresponsible lovers
of att, and partly of official members of the Government, was to de-
cde upon a plan ; and was the House of Commons to have no con-
trol till the measure was effected ? He understood too, that
there was a plan for a suspension bridge, and other projects to the
astonishment of mankind withal. He would not have objected to
this grant, had it proceeded upon any intelligible system; but lie
thought the House ought to proceed, in such a case, with extreme
cannon there was an immense sum required, and no proof that
rim that sum would meet the exigencies of the proposed im-
provements.
Mr. BANKES observed, in reply to the Right Honourable the
Chancellor of the Exchequer, that the intrusive excrescence which
projected into Palace-yard, was the part of the building attaelled
recently to Westminster Hall, to which alone he objected. With
respect to the vote in question, he was most favourable to it ; and
silt was likely that the Castle at Windsor would become the re.
adonce of future Monarchs, no expense should he sparest to render
it at once convenient and splendid—suited to majesty, and the
letting of courts there. The private apartments were at present
moat inconvenient, and the general appearance far from imposing.
In reference, not to the improvement of that Castle, but the Coons
of Law, his Honourable and Gallant Friend (Sir Joseph Yorke),
had stated that he (Mr. Banker) was severe upon the works crone
modern architect • but where was the modern architect whose
works were universally admired ? Ile was extremely anxious,
that in whatever was done, the general character of the original ar-
chitecture should be preserved_ such, he meant, as it was in the
time of Edward 111. • and the terrace too it would be meat
Walter. The 111.
Member advised most strenuous.
ly, that if a Committee was appointed, it should not be a nunte.
swans Committee, since the various opinions of the members would
interfere with uniformity of design, each sacrificing. a little to
the other, and uhimately the result will be a want ui everything
like good taste anti correctness.
Lord G. CAVENDISH thought that this measure ought at all
events to rest with his Ilitijetty's Ministers. Ile wished to pot in
this plea In behalf of his Noble relative, in urger that he might be
reltev-d from the unsitessant responsibility which the nomination to
tto!.Comy_nittnewas calculated to create.

lir. CIIRWEN should oi;ject to the vote until he was assured
that the aunt proposed would be adequate to the it:tended improve-
trtr: _

31r. HUME was extremely surprised at what had fallen from
the Hon. Member for Corfe Castle (Mr. Sautes). The Hon.
Member had repeatedly, m id in one instance very recently, ob-
jected to grants similar to the present, until a re of a Com-
mittee had pronounced upon them. Was the lion.rt Member for
Cork Castle, who had so unhesitatingly pronounced en opinion in
favour of the grant, sure that the sumof 130,0001. would not be requi.
red for the lan dime of the ground alone ?(Hear.) This information
betted recetv.d from authority, upon which he felt disposed to rely,
and upon which he Freda right to call upon the Cannon' tee to place
✓tlianee, until it received a contradiction from the Right lion. Gen-
tkatae.
.(lle-r.) The Committee asa called upon to proceed with-
out caution, to adopt they knew not what, to commence an under-
taking—t is expenses of which were not calculated, and to fulfil
literally the andsLUl of Scripture, " to begin, without, perhaps,
being able to floish." Now, he would ask, what possible incon-
venience could arise from postponing this vote until the Ist of
May, .by which time an estimate could be prepared and submitted
to the consideration of the House it But that was nut consistent
with the design of those whose project it was to undertake a mea-
sure, and this when you had commenced it, the ready plea was
available to them—" Oh, surely you can't think of stopping here,
Mats all that has been hitherto expended must be considered as
guar and lust, if on hesitate to complete the work you have un-
dertaken." ((hear.) The lion. 31ember fur eerie Castle had spoken
of the improvements in a most delightful spirit of imagining • hs
fancied that preparations were there to be made for holding Courts
wad other splendid assemblages. Now, really, if any such intention
as OA, which he would willingly hope sprung only from the brain
ist the Member for Cork Castle, did exist, it was obvious to all
that the stun i roposed au altogether inadequate to such an object.
Until he knew the amount wnich these improvements were to in-
upon the eminent, he should oppose the vote of the Right lion.
Geetleman after whet had *passed, if be felt himself called upon to
press it to a division. As an amendruett, he begged leave to move
that the further consideration of this estimate be postponed until
wt 16.11 of May.
Mr. H. G. BENNET rose to second. the amendment. The'
Castle, in its present slate, wail an object of universal interest ; and
ic it was intnidetl, under the rage tor improvement that at present
seemed to animate the Government, to alter the south front, all he
could say wan, that one of the mutest and the most perfect specimens
of Gothic architecture in existence would fall a prey to some adven-
turous effort cf modern retirement. (Hear.) There was nothing
that be so much dreaded as letting loose the hands of what was now
called taste upon these matters. Indeed it lammed to him as if taste
had Red from the grasp of modern architecture. book to the new
weer--ace that maims specimen at linghion—mark that strange
cottage in Windsor Park, which was said to have cost 30,001.11.,
though he believed that three times the sum did not complete it.
I'Lere was another instance at Kew, where his late Majesty erected
• species of castle, which thus like no castle in existence, save that
which might be discovered upon a sign to an inn. It au true that
the House had not been called upon to vote any specific sum for
that purpose: still, however, the_ grant came from the people.
There were two words which should for ever be present to that
House when called upon to vote such an estimate as they were that
night asked to grant._" Caledonian Canal" (Hear.) That ex-
travedinary undertaking had been so commoneed, and the conse-
quences of it were fresh in the recollection at the Committee lie
wa, tenet firmly persuaded that the youagem )!ember in that House
would not live to see the completion of the work upon which they
were then deliberatie.••'. He hail not the least doubt but it would
cost many millions. This might be an enautration ; but lie was
quite sure that soir.e specific plan should be adopted before the
Committee could justly be caned upon to sanction the proposed
tote.

ha C. LONG fully concurrott with the lion. Member for
Siwr.wsbary, that it would he quite wrong to pull down any part of
Windsor Castle; and indeed such an inte.itiou had never been en-
tertained. The Treasury, tie), alone. and not the Committee ap-
p !Hointed, must be regarded as rer;ponsiblc for any alterations. Hi,
lion. Friend the eather for Co e Castle appeared to him to think.
and certainly it was fully used in that acii,e on the other side of th.
liaise, that an intention existed of holding Courts at Windsor
now. he certainly never heard it rumoured that there did exist any
t.ps'irr. of that kind. The How. Gefulem-ua who had spoken last
ads:rted to the appearance of Windsor Castle. a:AI expressed a

:hope that no alterationhould be made in its external appearanee.
In that expectation he fully agreed with the Hon. Member for
Shrewsbury, and more particularly as it regarded the south front,
which he had so justly described as among the most finished speci-
mens of the Gothic style. The front now appeared nearly in the
MIMIC condition in which it had been erected, and every departure
from its present external appearance would, he agreed, be a depar-
ture from taste. The only difference that could be countenanced
must originate in the change which ages had made in the purposes
of such castles. They were originally erected not for convenience
or :he retreats of a Monarch, but as strong-holds and fortresses.
With respect to the expense, the arcliteet would be called upon to
make his estimate with reference to the grunt (hear). and the illus-
tration brought forward by the lion. Member for Shrewsbury, as
to the necessity of having an estimate presented to their considera-
tion, it was most luckless, for the estimate of the Caledonian Canal
had actually been submitted to the (louse- Ile agreed with the
Hon. 31ember that the Castle at Kcw MU not very like a castle;
indeed, there was a sign over a house opposite much more accu-
rately resembling a castle It was the taste, however, of his late
Majesty, and the House had never been called upon to contribute
to the expense of building it.
Lord J. RUSSELL said that he did not approve of any plan
that might interfere with the venerable appearance of II indsor
Castle ; still less could he give the countenance of his opininn to a
project that might convert that no' to structure into a ite_re mosque,
or perhaps a alehometan temple. these.) The lion. Member for
Citefe Castle bad spoken of Courts to be held there, and that error
was corrected by the Right lion. Gentleman opposite. The Right
lion. Gentleman opposite exclaimed, ton, against any alteration
in the south front, and eulogised the general character of its ap-
pearance. But it was fit that the House should know what was to
he done, and what was to be left undone. The Riaht Hon. Gen-
tleman had said that the whole responsibility of this undertaking
must rest upon the Treasury. There was an answer to that state-
ment. If the expense exceeded the estimate, the 'Members of the
Committee would all be liable to blame--they would all incur dis-
approbation, and of ccurse they must make common cause and de-
fend themselves so that this was an extremely ingenious device,
but it was still to be discovered. The Noble Cord, in conclusion,
advised that an exchange of crown lands should be made with those
who eoseeseed land in the vicinity of the Castle. This he con-
tended would prove a most beneficial measure to the Government fn
their intended alterations.
Mr. MAHER CV asked if the Chancellor of the Exchequer was
prepared to say that 300,0001. and no more would carry into effect
the improvements at Windsor? If the Right Honourable Gentle-
man would bind himself to say that 300,0001 should be sufficient,
he (Mr. 31aberiv) would concur in voting 150.0001. that night.
If not, ho would vote fur the postponentent of the grant until an
estimate was produced. As an instance of a large and useless ex-
penditure of public money, he would cite the Penitentiary. The
Caledonian Canal was also another instance. With these examples
before them, the House was bound to require some assurance that
the grant of 300,0001. would be enough for the purposes the Right
Honourable Gentleman had in view.
The C!IANt:ELLOR of the EXCHEQUER rose again to
make only a tee observations to the Committee. 1 u gave him great
satisfaction, as it must all those who loved the constitutional
monarchy, to find such an inclination in the 110111 e to provide for
the comfort and accommodation of his Majesty, and at the same
time the splendor and dignity of the Throne. Certainly, it' he had
called on the House to cutback in an indefinite expense, to be ap-
propriated nobody knew how, and to end nobody knew where, lie
felt a strong ground of objection might be taken to the present
grant. But lie had stated that the total sum he proposed to appro.
``mate to this purpose was 300,0001.. and that the present vote of
150,0001 was a propordon of that 300,0001. on account. It would
be difficult to prepare a detailed estimate as things now stood. If
the present vote of 150,0001. were specifically assigned to particular
purposes, it would to that amount tend greatly to embarrass the
negotiations, and the Crown would be prevented from making such
beneficial arrangements as if' no particular amount was laid open to
the speculation of the individuals concerned in the property intended
to be purchased. The Honourable Member for Shrewsbury (Mr.
G. Bennet) ass mistaken if he supposed that any scheme existed
for playing tricks with the outside of Windsor Castle. Something
had been tacked on to it which tended greatly to disfigure it. It
was considered that it might be advisable to remove this deformity,
but no design was entertained of laying unhallowed hands on that
venerable edifice, or of substituting any modern devices for the
),rand simplicity according to which the Castle was built (Hear).
The course taken would be, to call upon some architects perfectly
qualified to consider the subject, and eminent in their professional
reputation, to furnish plans; the principle on which they were to
proceed haring been previously explained to them. Their attention
would be directed first to the want of accommodation in that part of
the castle in which his Majesty resided ; and secondly, to the want
of communication between that part and the state apartments. The
architects would be told, that what was considered necessary wan to
render the castle tit for the habitation of his Majesty, both for the
purposes of domestic life and for that state and dignity in which the
sovereign of this country ought to live; hut the sum of 3110,0001.
would be also given tothem, as that beyond which government would
not go, and they would be directed to frame their plans in uniformity
with those principles and under that limitation. if any other course
were taken, the House would have had no definite plan before
them. They were now told what was wanted, and beyond that
given sum the expenditure was not to pass. The House had felt no
scruple in voting 17,0001 towards the buildings for the Board of
Trade; yet, in that instance, there was no plan, no estimate of the
total expense. The architect had been directed to prepare a plan,"
but it was not ready when the yore 111/13 asked. The House hail not
on that account objected to make the grant. The same coursei
was followed last year, with respect to the British Museum.
After much diecuseton, it was proposed to vote 40,0001 fro a
building for the reception of the King's library. It was a general
opinion in the House, in which he hail concurred, that it would be
impolitic to make any addition to the British Museum, for that
purpose, except as a part of a general plan for reouilding that
structure. There was neither plan nor estimate before the House
yet they reposed confidence in his Majesty's Government, and
granted 40,0001. on account. Governmeut were the parties really
responsible under these circumstances, and lie, as an individual,
would feel ashamed if he attempted to screen himself from the
responsibility attached to his situation, because other persona
might be joined with him In the Committee. He did not call for
the confidence of the House as to the mere matter of taste. He
should be glad to resort for assistance to any quarter where it could
be obtained ; but again he assured the House he could not shelter
himself front any share of tespensminty belonging to him. He
know sto.t o might not be necessary, in a matter of taste, to impeach
a Minister or cut off his head. (:k laugh.) In this case, he was
aware, he could only be exposed to the judgment of public opi.
nion, and the censure of that ilouse. Whatever blame, however,
might ultimately attach to hint for the expenditure of the grant,
he did not consider that any blame could fairly be imputed to him
for asking this sum on account.
Ale E. ELLICE said, he had no objection whatever to put
Windsor Castle in a state fit for the reception of his Majesty, and
if an estimate had been trained he would readily have acceded to
the vote, even if it had been for 500,0001, if that sum had by esti.
mate appeared necessary, for the accommodation of the King, con.
'latently with his dignity and the character of the country. The
Right flotiourable Gentleman had told the House that he had, to
use a rather vulgar adage, instructed the architects to cut their
coat according to their cloth; but the proprietors of land at Wind.
sor, when they saw how liberal Parliament was in making grants
on account, would naturally conclude that they could get a good
price for their land. The consequences of the vote, therefore,
would be directly the reverse of those anticipated by the Hight
Honourable Gentleman. The best course world have been, in
the first place to have ascertained the opinion of his Majesty as to
what repairs and improvements were necessary, and then to have
estimated what ground would be wanted for those purposes. What-
ever the AMIOUIIt of this estimate might have been, he (Mr. K)
would willingly have granted it. Ile agreed perfectly with the
Right llootnrable Gentleman, that, in a matter of taste, wisdom
was not to he found in a multitude of counsellon. But why, instead
of purchasing the ground wanted, might not some of the Crown
leads be exchanged for it ? lie was hostile to depriving the Crown
of any of those large appendages which were equally ornamental
and useful to the Crown and the country. Ile would not consent
even that Kew should be sold; but what necessity was there for the ,
Crown to retain the power of acting as landlord one the new streets
in the city of Westminster ? Since the Civil List had been settled
by Parliament, he knew not why the Crown should have tenants at
all. A great deal had been mid about the architecture that had
lately, es the case might be, adorned or disfigured the metropolis.
Bat he believed that nobody bad seen the new church at Cliches%
without paying his tribute olapplause to the architect. The only
fault that cooed be found was, that the edifice was perhaps rather
narrower than it ought to be. But the architect laboured under time
sante restriction that the Right Hon. Gentleman had imposed on
the architect at Windsor. lie was authorised to expend (oily a
certain sum of money ; aaul hat original phut was theretitre curtailed
and spoiled, as lie Ole E.) was apprtheusive might happen at
Windsor from the same cause.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER stated, in expla-
nation, that with respect to t►te lion. Gentleman's suggestion of the
propriety of obtaining the land at Windsor, by exchanging Crown
land ii some other place, he was not prepared to say that it ought
not to be attended to ; but the Hun. Gentleman was mistaken he
supposed any particular advantage was to be gained by that mode
in preference to purchase. Ever since it had been the practice to
assign the lung a fixed Civil List in lieu of the hereditary revenue
of the Crown, it had been the practice also to assign all the revenues
of the Crown lands in aid of the consor.lated fund. The rents,
fines for leases, and every source of income from the Crown lands,
were not immediately available for the benefit of the Crown, but,
after defraying the expenses of the department to which they be.
longed, and the charges of the royal forests were paid into the
Treasury on account of the Consolidated Fund. Hy making the
exchange suggested by the Hon. Alember fur Coventry, the country
would give up so much revenue, which would be the same as ex-
pending a similar amount in the purchase. The new streets was
let on long leases, and could not therefore be exposed to any dan.
PT"influence

Mr. CALCRAFT said, that if thesuggestion of his Rat Friend
was carried hue edict, it would come to the same point as the
Right lion. ftentkman's plan. The public wduld obtain so much
land ter so much ground rent. The question was, whether the
House should proceed to vote 150,0Utli. on account, or wait until a
defined statement of the probable expenditure was laid before them.
Would the Right lion. Gentleman pledge himself not to proceed
unless the 300.0001. would cover all the objects he had in view?
If lie would not, he (Mr. Calcraft) must reluctantly concur in op-
posing the vote. Rut if the Right Hon. lientlentxn would give
such at assurance, he was ready to give the 150,DUOL on account.
The CILINCELLOR of the EXCII EQUER said, he had
no objection to answer the question. Undoubtedly it' the archi-
tects represented that it would be impossible to execute the objects
in view tier the sum now required, and consequently that it could
not be safely and properly applied to that purpose; in other words,
if the result of the architect's judgment was that the sum of 300,0110 L
wu altogether illadequate to complete the objects which all the

Noose of Commons had in view, he would not commence the es-
penditure, for he should consider it highly unwise to embark in an
I y
portion of expense in the purchase of lands or erection of build-
ings, without distinctly knowing the full extent to which the money
would he required. Every pains had been taken to avoid vague-
ness and uncertainty in the calculation. It would be explained to
the architects what was thought necessary, and they would he told
a certain rum was applicable to the
purpose. If they considered
the sum too miserable. it would certainly be very absurd to begin
with bricks sod mortar.
Mr. CALCIIAFT admitted that the Right lion. Gentleman
had answered his
question in a great measure. lie understood hit::
to state that he would not embark in any portion of the expectli-
ture without looking to the whole amount, and ascertaining whe-
ther all the objects could be accomplished for that sum.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER across the table_
Certainly.
Lord MILTON said it was quite clear that the Right Hon.
Gentleman must in consistency with iris last statement, vote for the
amendment (hear, hear, and a laugh). It would be doing un.
wisely, he admitted, to vote the SUM if it was inadequate. AU he
(Lord Milton) and his Hon. Friends wanted, was to sec the plans
; and estimates, in 'order that they might judge whether the sum
would be suficient.
Mr. ELLICE observed, that the Right lion. Gentleman had
stated that he would not begin till he knew the whole expense. He
(Mr. Ellice) understood that sonic buildings had been taken down
already. lie was also informed, that during the late King's reign
sonic land had been sold at Windsor, which now perhaps it would
Ibe necessary to repurchase.
Air. 31.1 BE RLY said it was clear that the Right lion. Gentle-
' man should either siihmit a plan or tire the whole responsibility on
himself, that the expense should not exceed 3410,01.101. The Right
Hon. Gentleman admitted the folly of proceeding in the dark on
! such a subject ; fur he had asked, who would beitin with bricks
and mortar without knowing what expense he was incurring? If
I the Right Hon. Gentleman would take the responsibility on him-
! self, he (Mr. Aiaberly) was ready to agree to the vote of 150,0001.
co account.

Mr. Secretary CANNING was gratified to witness the general
disposition of the House to concur in granting any reasonable
amount to render Windsor Caste fit for the Ro, al residence
(Hear, hear.) The only question wan what was the most useful
mode of contributing the amount necessary for that purpose.
There were two courses to be followed. They might either call for
• plans and estimates, subject, Its every man knew them to be, to
that sort of excess which was laible to mem in all calculations of
• that kind, or they might at Duce settle a derinite sum beyond which
. the expense should not pass, end within which it should be con-
: fined. Ile was perfectly satisfied that the mode of calling for est-
, mates and calculations of expenses was that which arrived least
I certainly at a result on which the House could depend. The Cale-
denim Canal, and other undertakinp mentioned that evening,
were precisely instances in point of the danger of relying upon esti-
mates which had ultimately carried Parliament much further than
they had intended. A more effectual course wra to resolve that
the whele expense should not be carried beyond a given sum. The
I House then voted it, and left to the Executive the responsibility of
the subaquent arrangements. Whether that course imposed a
burden more or lesson the Executive Government, he was satisfied
that the Home of Commons would discharge its duty of watching
I over the public expenditure mare effectually by fixing a rani within
which the expenditure should be confined, than if it warted for a
detailed estimate, on which, when it had exercised its own judg.
ment, no responsibility could attach elsewhere. (Hear, hear.) 1
Mr. TIERNEY said the Right Hon. Gentleman had done
justice to the conduct of the Members who had objected to the 1
vote, but he (Mr. Tierney) did not think that the security offered '
by the Right Hon. Gentleman was one with which Parliament
should be satisfied: all that would appear in the Votes of the',
llouse would be, thstlso,oooL wasgranted. Government hatl, in fact,
undertaken no respensibility that the total sum should not exceed
300,0001. Ile had not understood the Chancellor of the Exchequer
to say that he bound himself, because he had expressly stated there
were no estimates in existence. (Hear, hear.) There were three
heads of expense in this undertaking—first, for the alterations and
repairs oldie Castle; secondly, for the opening of the avenues and
the approaches, and for pulling down the houses, and obtaining
possession of the land fur that purpose ; and thirdly, for furniture.
The first of these heads was easy to be estimated; the second
might he ascertained with as little difficulty, by surveying and ad-
measurement. As to the value of the land, he knew that was en-
tirely a matter of estimate. The new Post-office was exactly a case
itt point..rAn estimate was there framed of pulling down the old
houses and building up the new Office. But now the Right lion.
Gentleman (Mr. Canning) argued that the best mode was, to give
Government 300,000 L and they would undertake that no more
should be expended. When it was all gone, perhaps, they would
only have succeeded in spoiling ill his Majesty's comforts. ( Laugh.)
They would then come again to Parliament, and what could Par-
liament do but vote more money ? (Hear, hear.) Ile (Mr. Tierney)
was never more unwillin,,e to give even an appearance of opposition
to a vote, but he eluld see no inconvenience to postpone it till
an early day in May ; the Chancellor of the Exchequer could thea
conic down to the House, and he could then state that he knew
the whole cost, and would undertake to complete the alterations
for a given sum, and even if that sum were 300,0001. he (Mr.
Tierney) would then be more satisfied than in voting 400,0001. at '1
present.
The CHAIRMAN (Mr. Brogden) stated that it was not tom- 1'
petent for the Committee to fix a particular day to which the
vote could be postponed; the Committee could only postpone the
vote generally.
Mr. CA LURAFT asked his Right lion. Friend (Mr. Tierney)
whether the case was not altered when the Chancellor of the Ex.
chequer promised not to embark in the expense unless he found the'
sum adequate?
Mr. TIERNEY, in reply, asked why the Chancellor of the Ex-
chequer was anxious to embark at all until he had proper informa-
tion ? and why did he not wish to put the House in possession of
that, whet he emili shew no inconvenience from the delay ?
Mr. CA LC RA FT observed, that the Right lion. Gentleman
bound himself not to call fur the vote unless it was sufficient.

Lord said, that the House would be altogether at the
mercy of the Chancellor of the Exchequer. 12 fact, in this in-
stance the House of Commons and the Ministers were changing
plasma.
Mr. G. BENNET said, the alterations were already begun. Part
of the castle was pulled down. What was called the Queen's Palace
was entirely removed. (Hear, hear.) Ile could attest the fact of his
own knowledge. (Hear, hear.) The materiais had been advertised
to be sold, and some were actually disposed of. In the time of his
late Majesty, Windsor terrace and park were open to all the world.
Now they were closed against the public. The park could nut be
wholly closed, on account of a foot-path through it; but nobody
was allowed to walk the Terrace. The exclusion from his long-ac-
knowledged public enjoyment was a grievance which should be at-
tended to. At Paris, Vienna, or Madrid, the royal palaces and
gardens were open to every body. Abroad it swami to be consi-
dered that what belonged to the Crown should be enjoyed by the
people. He remembered that one of his greatest pleasures in his
youth au to sec his late Majesty and his family walking on the
terrace amidst their people. It rendered him the object of uni- '
vernal respect. Now a sentinel or two were posted to exclude the
public. He (Mr. Bennet) hoped Government would give a hint
somewhere respecting this inconvenience.
Mr. 111`31E said his object was merely to postpone the vote
until the House knew the expense. It there was one injunction
which that House ought to obey more than another, it wns not to
embark in any great undertaking without plans and estimates.
Two or three Committees had in their reports particularly recom-
mended the House never to depart from the principle of knowing
why and to what amount a grant of public money was to be made.
The Committee who had inquired into the enormous expenditure of
9.400,0001. for the lines and fortifications at Dover, had especially I
urged this principle. He trusted the Ilon. Member for Corte
Casde (Mr. Ilankes), who had always adhered to that princiide,
would be consistent on this occasion.

The CllAKCl:dirtinioftTeiacHEQUEß would satisfy the
lion. Gentleman he was strong. There was no whole plan, nor
could there be, but it had always been usual to vote a sum on
account as was now proposed.
Mr. T. WILSON, Mr. Girt's, Mr. C. H. HUTCUINSON, sup-
ported the vote.
Mr. CANNING said that the Terrace at Windsor was now as
much frequented on Sundays as it had been for some time past.
If any change had taken place, it was not of recent date. It was
not usual to admit persons to wall: the Terrace on week days, nor
had it been.

31r. ABERCRO3IBY objected principally to the indefinite.
ness of the sum, and the absence of any plan, which were both ad.
witted by the Chancellor of the Exchequer. It was inconsistent
with every principle of common sense, not to know the expenditure
before they commenced any undertaking like the improvement of
Windsor Castle. It the Castle were to be gutted altogether, an
architect could give a plan and estimate ; but if repairs here and
there were to be made, no man could calculate the expense. If the
Right Honourable Gentleman pledged himself not to proceed with-
out a plan and estimate, lie would cheerfully vote for the 130,0001.
now asked from the country.
Strangers were then ordered to withdraw, and a divhdow teak
place.

For the motion .
Against it .

- - 133

illejosity

On our return to the #,•allery we found Lord PAL3fERSTON
on his Icgs, but from the rush of strangers into the gallery, we
could not gather his observations for some time. The Noble Lord
moved, that the sum of 194,1137 L should be granted for the disem.
bodied 31ilitis of Breit Britain, in 111;'4.—Agreed to.
:01,7911. for the same in Ireland.
111 r. If 113 IE asked, why the establishment should be so much
larger fur the Irish than tar the English Staff?
Lord PA L3IERSTON replied, that the Irish estimates were
founded on Acts of Parliament, and that the Committee of
Inquiry could not interfere. Both departments, however, lied
been reduced very considerably. If it was wished to reduce the
sum still more, a Bill should be :nought in for the specific pur-
pose.

Mr. RUNE regretted he had not done so, but at the same time
observed, that it was the duty of Government to introduce such a
Bill.

'l'he ettain MAN brought up the Report, which was ordered to
be read to-u.orrew.

CHURCH BUILDING ACTS.

On the motion that the 'louse go Into a Committee on the
Church Building Acta,
Mr. HI 'M E wished to know the object of the Right Honourable
Gentleman ?

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHF.QIL'ER—To move a
Resolation for the issue of 54*,0001. of Exchequer Bill, to be
vested in the Commissioners for Building New Churches.
3l r. 111;31E said, the House was not before aware of his inten-
tion. No suliiciinit notice had been given, and he thetcfute wished
fur delay.

Mr. COURTENAY thought, that a sufficient notice had been'
given, although a specific sum was not named. Ile believed every
une was aware of the amount of the vote.
Mr. 111 TME said, that after the statement of • Minister of the
Crown that this MITI was to be apropriated to the building of
Churches in the West Indies, he did not see how the (louse could
ever conceive that it was to be voted for Churches here.
Mr. CA NNINO (as we understood) admitted he had said so.

Mr. iIUSKISSON observed, that 'a regular notice was given,
and the object of the Committee was to know what was to be done.
Mr. HOBIIOUSE, for one, did nut know that this vote was
now to be proposed- Ile understood: his Majesty's Ministers in..
tended devoting this 101111 to the West lodies, sod not to building
churches here. If new churches were necessary here. he would not
' object to the expense; but if they were, he still thought other
means could be devised of meeting it. If tile Chancellor persevered,
he (Mr. llobhouse) would vote for giving t/00,0001. to purchase up
rotten boroughs, in pursuance to the plan of the late Mr. Pitt. lie
believed that Gentlemen on his side of the House were wholly
unprepared fur the consideration of this specific object.
Mr. JOHN 6311TH said, he was not deceived as to this mea-
sure coming on; but upon principle he must oppose it. His ob-
jections arose front an unwillingness to appropriate any large sums
for objects not called fur by the people especially, in the present
state of taxation. The people did not petition for such buildings;
he was sure that churches would be built by them, if they had any
voice in the appointment of the clergyman who was to preside over
then, or oliiciate. All over the country chapels were built by pri-
vate individuals for their own forms of worship, and he would be
unwilling to believe that persons of the Church of England were
less zealous than their neighbours. He did not think this a just
appropriation, although he gave credit to the Government in pro.
posing this vote to forward the interests of religion. lie conceived
such a sum could be much better expended by promoting the edu-
cation of the ignorant thousands in this country, who were allowed
to languish in ignorance and wretchedness. We made laws to punish'
them, but we made little or no provision to improve their minds.
The state of Ireland in this respect afforded a melancholy ex-
ample, which might to be avoided in this country. To appropriate
this sum for the education of the poor both here and in Ireland,
would be a much more pleasing work to the Almighty himself,
than the building of churches. He was satisfied that where
churches were necessary, the people would build them for their own
convenience. Ile thought the vote of this sum an improvident
waste of public money, and he should therefore oppose it.
Sir J. NEWPORT observed, that the Catholics in Ireland
were taxed to build Protestant churches, while in England they
were built by a general levy on the people who were of die PIOIC4.
tant religion. It would be unjust to the Catholics of Ireland if this
vote were tarried.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said it was very
unusual to discuss such matters before going into a Committee;
and if he declined then entering into the discussion, he trusted the
Gentlemen opposite would not consider it as any disrespect to them.
He felt it his duty to persevere in the usual course of proceeding.
Me. JAMES said that he should have a petition,
_ very nume-
rously signed, to present to the House against the Bill. Ile had
no doubt but the same would be done by the dissenters, who were
very much interested iu the subject. He hoped, therefore, that
under all the circumstances, the Right Hon. Gentleman would, fur
the present, defer the question.
Mr. CANNING observed that it was a resolution on which a
Bill was to be founded; and the proper time to oppose it would be
when the Bill was bethre House.
Mr. G. BEN NET said it was not fair for the House to come
to a vote on the subject, when the papers relative to it were only
laid before the House on the previous day.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that if the
House could not satisfactorily make up their minds on the subject,
in consequence of not having had the papers before, he should be
sorry to press them to a premature opinion, and would not, there-
fore, press the motion at the present tame, but would propose that
the House should go into a Committee on the subject, on Friday
next.—Agreed to.
WOOL. IMPORTATION AND EXPORTATION BILL.
_ ----..

On thP motion of the CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER
for the House to resolve itself into a Committee on the Wool Im-
portation and Exportation Bill,
Mr. CURTER: said that he objected to the measure
propped,
and should give the Bill hip negative in every stage of it. Those
connected with the silk trade, he observed, had been heard by
Counsel; and he thought those connected with the wool trade had
an equal claim to the privilege. lie hoped the Right lion. Gentle-
man would not now press the ques•tion.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he hardly
understood the Meaning of the lion. Gentleman. One of the prin-
cipal objects of the Bill is to allow the exportation of wool, which is
now prohibited. Ile could not see on what grounds the Hon.
Member wished to postpone the question. lie (the Chancellor of
the Exchequer) thought the best way would be to go into a Com-
mittee, when the Hon. Gentleman might state his arguments.
Lord MILTON said, that the object of the Bill was to reduce
the duties, and that the lion. Member (Mr. Curtis) in opposing
it would he opposing the interests of his constituents.
3lr. IIUSKISSUN said, if the Hon. Gentleman would state his
reasons why the duty on the exports ought to be reduced, the House
would be aware of the arguments.
Mr. C.ILCRAFT believed the present Bill was unpopular in
the House, and not very popular in the country. The agricultur-
, fists, hr contended, were never more mistaken in their calculations
than when they opposed the duty on they exportation of wool, and
never did a more impolitic thing. They prevented wool from
being worked up in the country, and injured the sale accordingly.
But be objected to the exportation of wool, because it was difficult
to export one and not all. Ilia oUjevtion was to the exportation of
that material called long wool, which was the subject of a great
manufacture, and was productive of many advantages to it. coun-
icy. He would oppose it, because he would have to say that he
foresaw those evils that were likely to arise.
Mr. BRIGHT said, he should-take the liberty of moving in the
Committee a motion which lie thought would obviate many dif-
ficulties.

.31r. PELHAM made a few observations, which were inaudible
in the gallery.
Bill read a second time, and ordered to be committed to-morrow.
The CHA NUE LLI /It of the EX CH EQC ER then moved the
second reading of the Customs (Coals and Linens) Bill.
sir M. RIDLEY said, he did not mean to oppose the Bill, but
to protest against some inequalities in the duties.
.31r. MA BERLY thought the Right Honourable Gentleman
had not followed up the great principle he hoped he had his eye
steadily fixed upon ; viz. placing of duties equally on all parties.
He (Mr. filaberly) thought the Right Honourable Gentleman
should not place duties on inland coal, nor on coal carried coast-
wise; and he saw no reason why the manufacturers of London
should pay so great a duty in addition to their city dues. He could
not see a single objection to taking off those duties, and placing
instead a small tax on all the coal which was raised, at the mouth
of the pit. He would call the attention of the House to another
topic, the bounties on linen and hempen articles; and he thought
it could be shown to the House that what were denominated bounties
were in reality nothing but drawbacks on the raw material. The
House must be aware of the great difficulties in the way of the
trade in England and Ireland ; as to the latter country, it ditfe•ed
from the former, because there they grew their own materials,
which was not the case in England ; but in England they were
clogged with innumerable difficulties. Ile thought the Right
Honourable Gentleman would be of his opinion in deeming it the
policy of Government to give every encouragement to the manufac-
ture, which employed so large a portion of the labouring classes. Ile
would say that in proportion as the Right lion. Gent. took off the
bounties, he should direct his attention to the duties ; and he would
recommend to Mn, to reduce the tax on foreign flax. As to
hempen articles, he thought the Right lio4. Gentleman would, as
soon as the House went into a Committee, or before, alter one
clause. What the Right Honourable Gentleman called bounties,
could not be bounties with respect to hemp; but, on the contrary,
were decidedly drawbacks. The duty, altogether, on this article,
amounted to 36 per cent. ; and lie hoped that a considerable reduc-
tion would be made in them. Another point in the Bill he thought
objectionable—that which went to admit sail-cloth and cordage to
go into other countries duty Gee. (Vas it not to be supposed, that
under these circumstances, vessels abroad, wanting sails or cord-
age, would go into those countries, and buy where they could get
the articles 59 per cent. cheaper than at home. He asked nothing
of the lion. Gentleman which was not fair, and he was sure he
woted be disposed to grant it.
Mr. HUSKISSON thought that, with respect to coals, • new
mode of levying duty would be neither expedient nor wished for.
And as to the observation of the Honourable Member (Mr. Mabee-
, ly) respecting vessels going for sails and cordage into foreign ports,
it was well known that foreign vessels themselves procured here
their supply of cordage and sails, and, in cennicquence of their bet-
ter quality, found them much cheaper. The Honourable Member
had observed, that bounties on those articles were nothing more
than drawhacks on the raw materials. He (Mr. Huskisson) was
ready to allow that the heavy duty on hemp was an error in
our polity, and he should be glad to see it reduced as much as
the circumstenees of the country would admit, and become little
more than a nominal tax.

Bill read a second time, and ordered to be committed to-morrow,
Sir J. NE WPORTobxerval, that he intended to propose, when
the subject cane before a committee, the continuation of the boun-
ties on Irish linens for five yearslongfr:
..
