troops in Moldavia and Wallachia. It is certain
that for several months post there have scarcely
been.B.ooo Toritirlt troops of *all descriptions can-
toned in the two Proncjwahtkw.—idwatrion (Obser-
ver. June 1.)

May 31, Metalliques, 763—Bank Shares, 691.
•UG3IIIIIIIII, 4,w4F .
We 6nd the fol)owing attlele to the 'Universal
Gazsge
" IStsy 21.
The accolin.ts from Salnnichi of 24th April Ao
lst May are afflicting. The Greeks have not been
beaten, but the Governor has made defenceless in-
dividuals feel the tlfects of his siliminery fury. He
.had summoned the inhabitants of Niausta, between
Beres and Salaniehi, to deliver up their arm/. Qn
their refuval, he entered ibsi district, erased the
inhabitants to be pet to the sword, and the villages
to be burnt and laid waste. Accoitling to several
letters, the .Grevka in some of these villagns yielded
to the desire of their wives and daughters, and
killed them with their own hands that they might
not fall into the power of the barbarians. The [loat-
her of women and children drugged into slavery was
estimated at 10,000, who had been partly sold at
Salooichi for 12 to 15 piastres each."

FM:INTIM OF MOLDAVIA. MAY 19.
The Turks had oat yet evacuated Bucharest on
tWe 13tb, nor Jassy on the 17th. The Boyar& who
have fled were not yet preparing to return home.
Maui, conflicting reports are in circulation respect-
ing the marches of the Asiatics. Many troops had
left in coosequence of a Erman, but about 500 still
remained there,

cowry, HAY 9.
The system of neutrality which has just been pro-
claimed in the lonian Islands, strikes directly with
confiscation the property of all the lonian Nobles
who are suspected of being favourable to the cause of
the Greeks who fight for their independence. Many
of the Nobles,distinguished by their fortune and
principles, have been obliged to banish themselves,
end to seek their safety in the insurgent islands. Of
this number are Count Mataza, a nch landowner;
Ansnlacato, well known for his riches and the
honou►abk employment of his fortune; and the ve-
nerable A►chb•shop of Cephalonia, Typeldo, who is
dietinguithed by his piety and learning.
We Irma that the city of Athens has surrendered
to the Greeks by capitulation, and that the garrison
has obtained permission to embark. The 'yl:fie ac-
counts speak of the siege of Saloniebi at being near
at hand, and say that four Greek Chit& have pene-
trated to the environs of that city.
General Normanu has taken by storm the out-
works of Paints.

savants, JUNE 10.
Our papers contain an extremely long leiter,
stated to be written by a native of Scio, settled at
Trieste, and which gives • faithful picture of the
excesses Committed by the Turks at Scio, as related
by Christian families which left the islsudeleven days
after the eato49oe, sod have arrived at Trieste.
The Turks, they say, sent 500 incendiaries to tra-
verse. the city mad envernas and set fire to all the
Christian houses ondpablie buildings, which are
whplly destioyed. They deny the truth of the
grAlkil *Wiles Observer, that the Poch'
Mitred an amnesty—that the inhabitants fired ou his
messengers--tkat the. Sultan considered Chios as a
favoured island—that 5,000 Turks were killed, 81c.
These, says the writer. ere gore fables invented by
the Tuiks, who seem to feel that their excesses stir.
pass all hounds end need some excuse. But the
truth, he says is, that the Turks had long since done
every ihiog to provoke the Sciotes to revolt, that
they might have • pretext for seizing their wealth.-
IkS Is Papers, Jane I I.)
ICUAFFNAUSZN, MAY 28.
Sir Thomas Maitland, Governor-General of the
!imian Islands, has arrived in Thurgovia, where he
intends to rtm4io some time. Spwr of his relations
aud friends flow Euglenzl him come there to see
him. lie 'mods to pass the whole summer in
Swilarrland, and not to retorts to Corfu before the
an lump, without übsol ute necessity.

• ra•IIIIT0111, song 6.
On the let of June the Metalliqoes were 77!,
and this new rise is ascribed to an account from Sr.
Peter•hurgh, that M. de Tat iscbcgwas rs• ftho.tiv,
.lid piohOly shoot the huddle of ;nog, as Mahn.
sailor Extraordinary from his Majesty the Emperor
Russia to Constarnitupple.

The Duchess of BUCKINGHAM left town yeater-
duy for her seat, Avingtun, Haut%
The Duke of Sr. ALBANS and family have ar-
rived at their house its St. James's-square, from
their seat in Surrey.
I.,ird and Lady HOLLAND entertained a porty of
their distinguished friends at dossier ye►terday, at
li.illind House.

The Bishop of Ltdcont entertained a distils.
guisged party at dinner yesterday, at his house in
Connaught-place.
This (lay the Earl and Countess of lIAREWOOD
will give a grand entertainment at llerewood House,
II Jtiover.Fq usre.
A I.stacit's Bail on 11'edtresday evening, was
very elegantly attended.
The Royal Gardens, Vauxhall, had on Wednes-
day night to boast a continued and increasing dis-
play of mirk, lie saty, and fashion. Amongst it vast
assemblage we noticed

The Eiri of Cork, Sir .1. C. and Lady Ilippidey, Lnril
11.14., Sir Arthur Parr, Sir P. Burditi, Sir .1. and Lady
Terrine, Lord and Lady Clarendon, the French Arnhammlor,
Lind Yarmouth, limo. Coioriel Seymour, Lady Copley, Lady
(turn, Sir Lucas Pew, Mr. p. once. Mr. Berney, Mr. Leona
Lloyd, Lord and Lady Nnetit, Captain Arherlry, Earl
Shirburne, General Minoan,. Lady Jrppard and family,
Major Conlerave and family, Mr. and Mrs. Crma and fa-
miry, Mr. Serjeami Pell awl family, Sir W. Waller, Mrs.
Gerard, Harmless Monte, Mr. Medlars arid family, MIL
Saari. and tawilf, &c. &e.
Lt ailditioo to the admired entertliumenta, Mr.
flitoitosuarr, and his pupil, Mr. UstiroY Pam-
UPS, sang qapo effectively. Thy losers of harmony
will rewet to learn. Uit, airing to the opening of
the Eng* Opera, tbese delightful singers hive
only thref Meat more of their engagement at
VouitholL THIS EVENING, MONDAY, and WED.
'IIIIIIIDAY MAT.

• „
etteZ
c-'• 46" --`t A
THE KING'S DRAWING-ROOM.

Yesterday his Majesty held his second Drawing-
room this season, which was splendidly attended._
A very numerous assemblage of well-dressed per-
sons were collected in the Perko, particularly Hese
the, Kiug's-palace. At Pimlico, the tops of the
houses near the Palace were covered with elegant
female..
A number of poor Reason were allowed to pitch
stand. to the Park, for the sale of fruit, cakes,
sods-water, ginger-beer, &c., to afford refreshmtent
to the spectators.
Sir Richard Birnie arid Mr. !Jells, the histgis-
trates, were in attendanee, and made judicious ;ar-
rangements of a numerous body of the police in
the parks, the avenue►, and sheers leading to it.
Townsend and Sayer were at the Palace as usual.
'tire Marshalmen iii waiting adopted some excel-
lent regulaiions for the carriages and aerirarb. act
float grekt order mid rrgolsijtywaajrieserveddostug
the day.
The Yeomen Guard lined the grand hall, the
interior avenues leading to it, nod the grand
staircase, which was divided for the compsnr to
ascend on out side and return oil the other. They
appeared in their coronation costume, with large
ruffs round their: neck., red stacking*, and large
rosettes in their shoes of various coloured ribbnos.
The Honouruble Corps of Gentlemen Prlivionen,
under the direction of Lieutenant Henderson, ap-
peared in their ancient coronation co►tutpe, and
formed an avenue iis the Grand Saloon to the
Throne. under which his Majesty stood to receive
his numerous and distinguished subjects. 'The
King went from his Palace in Pall-mall in his
private carriage, a few initiates after twelve o'clock.
to his Palace at Pimlico, where he dressed in a ,
Field Marshal's uniform.

The King's guard of font and a detachment of
the life guards marched into the Pal.ce-yard about
half-pest one o'clock, am/ their bands received the
different branches of the Royal Family Who at-
tended, and came in stile, with military honours,
consisting of the Duke of York, the Dachas of
Kent, and the Princess Sophia Matilda. The
Duchess of Kent was attended by the Baroness
De SPseckh, Genend Wetherell, And Captain
Conroy. The royal relatives were joined by the
Princess Augusta in the Palace. The whole of
them about two o'clock attended the King in his
closet, where the Princess of Denmark was intro-
duced to his M.jeaty according to Court
etiquette. Fite Majesty, accompanied by his royal
relatives, left his closet, and proceeded to receive
the compliments of the Foreign Ambassadors sod
Ministers and their Ladies. Prince Esterhery, the
Austrian Ambassador, accompanied by his Princess,
came in state. The French and Russian Ambits.
radon also carne is state. There were likewise
present the Netherlands, Wirtemberg, Bavarian,
Sardinian, Neapolitan, American, Swedish, Danish,-
Portuguese, Prussian. and Spanish Ambassadors.
The Lord Mayor of London came in his state
carriage and eix,accompdtsied by the Lady Mayoress,
attended by the Sword of State, the Cap of Main-
tenAnce, mud the Mace. Hos Lordship wore his
splendid robes of office. The state caniage was
preceded by the two City Marshals in their uni-
forms, on horseback, with their men on foot, two
and two; the Lord Mayor's ars footmen on foot,
two and two, in their state liveries, and also s :lum-
ber of City constables.
The Sheriffs of London and Middlesex also came
in state.

There were also present, besides the Cabinet Mi.
!sisters, the Great Officers of Sttste, the Archbishop
of Canterbury, the Atterney.Generel, &c.
Drhes—Mostrose, Wellington, Norfolk, Dorset, and
Portland.
Dswhewa—Dowager flicluaoad, Dowager Rutland. Not.
litumberiand, Richmond, Rutland, Wellingtoa, and POft I
Marquises—Cpnynoam, Londoodsrry, Winchester, Wa.
terford, Latoadoon, and Exeter.
Illarckionessi—Choloond•tey,Conyogharn, Londonderry,
Lasulowa, and Waterford.

Boris—Stamford, Denbigh, Strathmore, Kilmorry, Bristad,
Egremont, Macclesfield, Wiechilsra, Jersey, Conner, Ansley,
Coertown, Westmorland, Bathurst, Dareley, Welton, Lung.
ford, Murley, Bhutan% end Das Isngion.
CoNntesses—Wem3s., Denbigh, Abingdon, Mutgrave,
Meet, Dowager Castle Aware, Athlone, Holism', (ark,
ntuvon, Castle Stuart, Below, Lunstato, Veralam, ClewVit,
Poulett, Harrington, Bathurst, and Wilton.
Viscoentia—Palmerston and Bridpuri.
Viscountesses—Melville, Allen, Newry, Pfilagirsesv.
Fielding, 'Dowager Melville, and Barnard. ' '
Lorde—kleeniker, Dundee, Clinton, ItlfebryThymee, R.N., Morita's, Greta, Beeeainael, Bustoa, Seluy,
Greece, Deer" Howard, Lovaine,Cutcheater, Stewart, Arden.
Man'yborougb, Gwydir, Bergleersh, St. kiekus, Grey, gad
Calthorpe.
Lathes—E. Hardier., L. Rout, Kerrison, Met Grey,
Pymi, Sarah Stuart, George Cavendish, Imhoff, Aegusti
Hervey, Geurgiaise Hervey, peel*. Hippieley, Teignsebuth,
Catherine Cbarteris, Remodels, Keane, Margaret Chartered,
Mildmay, Clerk, Mary Lennox, Emily Hellion'', Johnston,
Clinton, Dowager Lushingtoo, Page Turner, Hendee, Syltey,
Louisa Call, Elisabeth Furbee, Ealiner Cuupbell, Hankies
Wbitsbed, King, Hammond, Beller, Emily Fieldiag, Gosport,
Otway, Harriet Herbert, Emily Herbert, Paul, Gwydyr,
S. M. Stanley, Mary Driuninoad, Ruberl Seymour, Prpever,
Macfarlane, Elizabeth Drunsmosel, Ossulaton, Milner, Ellen-
borough, Charlotte Dinsconstee, 'Henniker, Mar.. Steele',
Harriet Sullivan, Henry Howard, Cliterlotte Sherard, Eleanor
Lowther, Hermance/tit, Berkeley, Ridley, Strierton, Gor-
don Cumming, Katharine Phipps, Sophie Phipps, Jane
Munigowerie, Pulleney, Fuller Eliot' Dmitri Midrwlen,
Vivian, Lasers Vane, Sitwell, Hervey, Gifford, Dela-
mere, Dv Rue, Elizabeth J. Lerlie, G. S. Stanley, Charlotte
Ludlow. Maria Leslie, Comberinere, C.Grerille, Fitzhcrbert.
C. Baty, &Ivey, Aaluown, Agnes Huller, Colchester, F.lphin.
stone Fonsonby, three Paget', Maryborongh, Long, Sired-
brooke, Hill, Leeson, tomb, G. Hervey, G. Clei k, A. Poste' t.

The fallowing were amoug the numerous pre.
nutritious, which his Majesty received with his ac-
customed COlidtbeellelOn, and it weir great windier'.
lion to the numerous and distiriguished ameniblage
to observe his Majesty in the lull enjoyment of
most excellent health :
Lady Jose Grey, daughter of the Earl of Stamford sod
Warringtrin, by the Countras of Wernyss.
Miss Lyon, by Lady Poniiimby.
Lady handy blardrugr, by Abe Marchioness of London-
derry, oo her marriage.
The Countess of Abingdon, on the Curonstion.
Mr.. William Turner, YU her marriage, by the Lord in
Waitiog.
Mr. the Wilson, on return from his travrts through the
Holy Lind •ritt Egypt.
Csptaiu Macdonald, 92d Highlanders, on his appointment

as Military 'Secretary to the Doke or Manchester, Governor
I of Jamaica.
Dr. Wm. Reeditie, on his return frowi the erwitinerSt.
Wru. Greaves Towoley, on her marriage, by the Codeine
• of St Germaine.
Lady Mary Lesiie, on the Coronation, by the Counted' of
Retiree

Mn. and the Mince litemonmell, en their return from the
Continent, by the Hareliorsem of Cholmoncl.ley.
lady Harriet Herbert, me cornier from abroad.
Lady Emily Herbert, on coming f,om abroad.
Mrs. Chas. Milford op the Coronaiion.
Lady Entailed' Drummond, on her marriage, by Lady
Mary DI 111,101011 d.

Lady the Coronation.
Miss Campbell sidings &labia Campbell, by Lady Mac-
farlane.
Lady Clerk, by the Lord in Wallin.
Miss Mikes, en the Coronation.
Lady Vivian, on the Coronation, by the Hon. Mrs Fane.
Miss Charlotte Trelawny, by her uncle, Sir C. Hawkins,
Bytrt.
4entattorU.Ciilonel Wyndham, late 20th light dragoons,
by tb. fat) .r
Loy Chaska!, Mersin), by Lady Eleanor Lowtber.
Lady Lott* Vane, by Lady Barnard.
Mr,. !leery Wheatley, ors the Coronation.Mips01 ofite, by Pie botcher,' Dowager of Reiland.
Mrs. John Dna ard, no her marriage, by Mrs. Royale,.
MpiseThisillitlawayie, by Mrs Carideo..
Mr. Anottley, 09 We Coronation.
Mrs. Yorke, on her asorrisge, by Lady Dundao.
Mrs. login* Lockhart, on the Coronation.
Mrs. imekkert Murr, ber marriage.
MIIIOIY/iile. by Lady Mary Ross.
Miss Aiigasta Martin, by Mr.. Rooky.
Miss Grattan, by the Countess of Listovrel.
Miss Catherine Belt, by Lady Wbitslied.
Mins Falterer, by Mrs. Dalrymple.
Mini Jane Liddell, by Lady Itavenaworth.
Miss Cotton, by Lady Hammond.
!Bias Wykeham, ou the Coronation.
Lady Maria Stanley, bliaa Lucy Stanley, and adiaa'lmillsa
Stanley. by tar Lord in Waiting.
Lady Ridley. by the Lord in Woitiag.
Lady martins, me coming to her title, by Lad, glanleY•
Mi.s Sioution, and Miss Catberine 6100f100, by Lad/
Stanley.
Mrs. Packe Reading, on bar marriage, by her mothsr, Mrs.
80/1.
Miss Coils/rise Bell. by Lady %finished.
Mrs. William Turner, am her marriage, by the Lord in
Waiting.
Lady Comberaiere, on llbe Coronation, by Lieut..Colooel
Gresille.

Mee. Stewart Nicola, os her marriage, by the Hon. Mrs.
Hap,.
Mill. Frederick Porkies, on going abroad.
Mr,. W. antis Wright, as bee marriage, by Lady George
Cavendish.
The Cosiness of Mau rave, on the Coronation.
The Countess of Denbigh, on her marriage, iss VIICUO ideas
Fielding.
The Rev. J. F. Moore Halsey, on the Coronation.
Dr. Tenni, os the Coronation.
The Countess of Cork, by the Lord is Waiting.
Viscountess Athlope, by the Dowager Viscountess Melville.
The Duchess of Richmond, by the Dodgem Dowager of
Richmond.
The Hoo. Mrs. Laden Capel, on the Coronation.
The Hon. Mn. Wheeler Hood, ott the Carouation.
Mr. Hervey, on the Coronatioe.
The Right Hon. Lady Hands., on coming to her title.
Mr. Haretwoo, on hie rehire from a►roid.
Lady King, on her marriage, by Lid, biaautrood.
Cockburn, by Mrs. Colonel Waller.
Alias Trelassey, by Sir Christopher Hawkins, Bart.
Cornet Alfred Sheweil, IYtb hussars, as appointment, by
the Lord in Waiting.
Corset HoWngwo►th, Scots Greys, as his return from the
csstinest.
Corset Kim, 11th dragoon guards, apes appointment.
Liesteeaut Hullingworth, gib dragoon guards, on his re-
Igys from laths over-lend.
Captain Wl:l*watt, R.N. on his return from service, by
,e Lard
Lady

the .le Waitieg•
el *beat imi her return from the Coutieent, by Mrs.
*Wo
WM George Tyler, on her marriage, by Lady Harriet
Sullies,.
Mts. Mackinnon, by Lady Ashtown.
Captaia porting, 611,1) regiment, ea tits coronation.
Lady Sitwell, on the Coronation, by NM Boehm.
Miss Boothby, by Lady Fitzberberr,
Lady Jaue Muntgomsiie, by Lady Polmoey.
111r1.4ide, ou her marriage, by the Marchtußess of Water-
ford.
Lady .%g ea Duller, un her marriage, by the Ductless of
Northumberland.
Mrs. Annie*, on the Corooation.
Licatteamot Colonel Weraym, triil regiment, by G e I
>;ir /toes S4l•fl, Bart.
4F Euler. by Lady Rubeit,Seymoor.
it, Loag, by bee aunt, lady Henry Howard.
Oki Areattrastr, by Lady Italtioon.
MIN Charlotte Crofton, by the Couttlem of Galloway.
Lady Heausker, oa (miss to her title.
tMiss ias Misstate?, by the Honourable Lady Smith.
ra.
gChattel" Gardiner, on her town from India.
i, T.441e319 by the Lord in Waitiawt.
Me Same Augutsley, on the Coronation.
Miss Emily Mootagu, by the Lard 14 Waiting.
Miss Mageunis, by her mother.
Miss Thompson, by Abe Coffee*" of Lonsfale.
Mr.. Blackford. by !be ci,i3ool sr LittuwrJ.
Afro. Cortina Poore, by the 1-01; d in Wtititid•
Lolly tytherine Pipjs, o 1 the (.`orgy. limp.
• spilia Phirr. VI ;be 4.4 is INtiiir.
.. Charlotte Serb by Ike Lard I. Wailing.
7 &belt Ott'fbe Cortroatitsi.
Lady Page Tumor, on her relent rgia4ke Continent.
1.4 e), tikbeytty, on her return fteli'llbtecoratiocut.
i l Lady Eli Drake, oa coming te-pler sayo.
kip .1. i s, on the Coronation 4
Colonel' w ktonmonth Militia. 'Oar Coroaatioo.
Lodi lit S, Mrs. Sot heron.
Mita Anita aria Malawi, by the Countess of St. Gee.
meatus.
Mr.. Colonel Ellcombe, on her marriage.
Mitt Blake, by the Connie.. of Athtonc.
PP*. Ersodford Graham, on her marriage, by Mrs. Dal.
merle.
Lady Feller Filet, Drake, on coming to her title.
Mr. Henry Wheatley, oa the Coronation.
Mr. Jobe Hay Allan, by the Lord its Waiting.
Me. Charles Stuart Hay Allan, by the Lord io-Waiting•
Mr. Ray Mure, by the Lord In Waiting.
Lieutenant Saville Broom, on his appointment to the
10th Foot.

Captain B. Maraned Kelly, R.lsi on his return hum ser-
•ice un the coast of *fries, sod on promolime.
Major Bruck, 43d liglu infantry, by the Lard in Wailint.
Aire. Barron, on her marriage, by Lady Page Turtiro.
Mrs. Moore Halsey, on her marriage, by the Countess
Verulam.

Sub-Lieutenant Macqueeo, 2d life guardg, un bit ap-
pointment.
Lieutenant Dayrell, rifle brigade, on Lis return from
Ireland.
Captain Toup Nicolas, C.B. by Lord Melville.
Alm. C. Lusk, mid Miss Lock, by the Lurd iu Waiting.
Mr.. Wormy Groat*, as bier marriage.
Terciit, nrk of the late Itiglit Hon. Sir J. B. War-
ren, on 'the Catenation.
•
•

-----~--

LADIES' Dawns.
• I
HER ROYAL UIf:IMF-SS THE ralricEfitS AtIODSTA,
Over a petticoat of rich white satin wore a most splendid
robe of silver lanes, forming coletaris•of wild Woe bell, ma
finished with large boatmens of wafture flowers of the same
superb material% beyond whirls wale raised position isfl
lass, etegsatly iatersperaml with Claim•mmer; bud" sud
sleeves embellished with • profusion of the attest blew ha
mantas of alternate stripes of refolgent silver and brigtt
purple satin, richly strewed with flowers d'argent, superbly

• .• • •
bordered with metalling* mrsUops of lam and Chiaa-into.
blend-dress, limns of lama, pinme of ustrick feather*, and
P iplesdid display of hrilliabts and inattsbyets,
THE PRINCESS SOPHIA OF GLOIDCFATER,
Over a rely rich blue satin pellicle', a west superb.
silver lama dress, with a rplendid border of silver lame,
&grimly iaterspersed will a wreath of blue embroider-
ed dowers and silver bouquet.; mentors, Woe nun,
suagnificeuily loodiered with sliver lame, embeidnrcd in the
must tasteful bouquets of Sower, icriniailiesl with massive
&sums bordering and silver tans blued, Headdress, dm-
muds and ("whet,.
HER SERENE HIGHNESS THE PRINCESS
ESTERHAZY.
A magnificent sod costly robe of gold Isms, lean of the
same, and a superb apron studded ealirety over wish rm..
heinous's. The spleodour of this siren has not been equalled
at the British Court fur a eerie* of time. Her Serene High-
ness looked very well arid her presence added much to it e
grandeur of lbe arena. Henltitiseser diamond
Her Grace the DUCHESS DOWAGER of RUTLAND.
Ao embroidered silver net dress over White salsa, irison...l
wish fide firsiasels point lace, and silver trimmimpi, bunch"'
silver wiu•t. Ste. Sur ; train, white figured gm' de Na-
ples, triumviri nisi oldie amiss sod silver trimming. Wad.
dross, fealarr., and a prifertdoes of singeonds.
THE DUCHESS OP RUI'LAND.
A spi.st:id r•IJ lama -dies., to tulle, osir white attic,
testi fully urnaancisted with cherry-coloured crape and goat,
en garnituir, and fancifully decorated wish gold wheat, con-
volvoluses, and wild Bairns of cherry colour; bodice and
*rota so suite, 'rimmed wish blond lace; mantlia of riei.
hive atio, striped in cantonal', with rich &orderings of
told lama mid therm; 'stills to correspond. Head-Mile,
plane of ostrich feathers mud coolly .lus ~,,, oar.
DUCHESS OF NORTHUM nrn LAND.
A white on dinar nearly embroidered with peArli. and pro.
finely trimmed milk blued lace, and pearl and chenille trim.
miug, with gainitom gm hell, and lose.; mashie of Pith
white satin, superb', tniatined with garniture de .Wee de
eamunth Head-dress, diamonds, pearls, and ostrich
plum.
DUCHESS OF RICHMORD.
A most marnificep4 Ml.er Isom dress, richly striped with
'Ryer sped roulreux of satin howero, eiegausly orwenteatid
round the botiotti with pufSoes of sitlio iaterMagaid Pith
sillier; giody and der vim 11,4millidly trimmed will silver and
bland; a train of rich white satin, embroidered with
all round. The alio); of this dr.*. ha. inn such a beautiful
effect was the admiration of ail the Court. Hrad.dcepti, a
proSesitio of di-mooch.
MARCkII.OVESS OF LONDONDERRY
Wgre agnate/ Petri 4,r,„.p0i51l of white crape, lined
with rich white satin autfully tsimmcd with white
Bowers; superb Will al
.9sa,ssfil infletial, trimmed with a
comity silver border of rick lama; apron of the imp", CC-
firrly coveted Over with diamond.. head-drat!, a magaifi-
cent plume of ostrich feathers, and a diadem of 'brilliairtri,,
cher nue sobais dr emir.
COUNTESS OF ATHLONE.
A gold lama dress, "icily embroidered ; train, Moe grim
de Naples, embroidered all round and triasaard tank fine
blond ; body aid doggie to correspond. Hgailhdrpas, geld
tiara and diamonds.
THE CO,UNTF.SS OF WEMYSS.
A superb robe of pia* and steel, draperies of the same;
il'3lll rich Iliflog tkfllca lined 'ebb white satin, ihe border
trimmed with silver and gold relate. (lead-dream ostrich,
feathers sad costly diamond', dictum mix/4 do ccreer.
.•
TUE COUNTESS OF CORK.
An elegaot dress of tulle, orlaallarilleti will. lebileasaill, as
applique, and 'rimmed wish blond lice; manilas of pale
loorterille gsoy de Naples,, saironotdrd is/ a larkabtal gain -
tore of tulle and satin totrrim ptai. filenames, kali-Kra
sod diamonds.
THE COP wpo LF.
A very handsome and va cable robe pf silver lams, Dale
rich white gm de Navin, lined with lid, white satin,
trimmed with white flowers. Head-dream, diamonds pod
feather., Amine sabots de emir.
THE AM BASSADRESS OF RYSSIA
Looked most charming in a costly robe of whitetail and
silver lama, the chssiness of the patters WSJ die adpairatioo
of all who had the pleasure to pee it; the border was of corres-
ponding msgoiticenee ; the train is perfect raison with the
Me: the tont ensemble was indescribably grand. Head.
dress, a costly plume of white clierusse sabot' do near, fea-
thers and diamonds.

LADY STOURTON.
A rich earbroidered floss silk net dress; train, lilac ros
de Naples.
LADY 1.0
A set dress, richly enobroidetei with cbeisiDc and p!.aris;
Ifllia, blue brocaded silk.

LADY R. SEYMOUR.
A net dress, richly embroidered *lib trektr; troia, rich
figuroJ illk.

LADY HAMMOND.
A net diem, emilmiderrd with pearls; ; train of rich
green 'ilk, t,immed to rOrrespontl. Head-dross, a profusioa
of diamonds and emeralds.

LADY OSSULSTON.
A black net dress, errantly trimmed with blond and
Wen ; p train of black Rtes de Naples riebli ornamented
with net and satin. Headdress, a proration of diamonds.

LADY STANLEY.
A 'magnificent robe ofsky blue, embroidered in large clus-
ters of sky bias bends, forming benches of grapes; • train of
rich sky blue figured gem' de Naples, trimmed with sky blue
Avers, and bordered with wet and satin. Ilead.d ~,,,
feathers and diamonds. chernase inhale de Carve.
LADY GERTRUDE STAY Y.
A• elegant dress of tulle over joropait rop die Napjer.
tastefully ornamented with satin devices en Applique, striped
in cohinade,-and unique garniture eq pule; the bodice
sad sleeves richly trimmed will satin and point lace; traiu
of rich jonquil grog de Naples, surrounded by a correspond-
ing garniture. Head-diem, feathers aid diationds.
LADY WILTON.
A rich silver lama and p dreg,, embroidered in de.,
signs peculiarly elegant, mid tastefplly tiiipmed with a pro•
fusion of blond lace; mantra of rich white watered grog de
Naples, superbly trimmed with garniture en ponces!' and
lama. Head.drem, diamonds and ostrich Fiume.
LADY CUMMING.%
A rich pink satin peltieoat, Aver wh4ll was Worn a move
superb net dress, richly embroidered of the bottom wills
steel; the body was cothrised of net and blond lace, inter.
united with steel head.; the train, a rich figured pink grim
de Naples, trimmed with net and steel. Headdress, ostrich
feathers and diamonds.
LADY BEATS.

A white net dress richly watir;aiderg--- d lis pearls end e'lk,
sad totatefull)t trimmed with ♦ profil.u.9 of Woad lace ;
mantra of rich white satin plevintly tramped with staraiturw
co tolla and pearls. nead-dress, Sottish feathers awl
diaaroads.

LADY MARGARET CHARTER'S.
Elegant dress of tell' over while satin, ornamented yid,
bordering* en applique, decortatrd with group, of wild roseg,
sod trimmed with blood lace; mantilla of rich jonquil grim
de Naples, trimmed to cormpond. Haulmlre's, feathers,
pearls, and dismayed'.
LADY SATHARINE COASTER'S.
is a dress the same gia Lad; 011Viatet•
L4PY RLIZABI.FN DRUAIVOND.
A dress of tulle o'er Wilke WIN SlMParhli ealbrardefed in
silver Isms, decorated with grow of °ramp blossiiro, are
trimmed with silver and a profusion of costly point lace ;
train of rich white sauo, with borderiags of silver lams
to correspond. flitedmkess, plume of ostrich feathers sod
diamonds.
LADY CHARLOTTE LUDLOW.
Stantiful drew pf tulle oerr white satin, richly emlarni.
dem' with 1,111,ta Isoglett and an applique of white romp auJ
glld etalstut permprots. flOreptpg the gerniture ; bodice wail
sieeiv Wapiti pitb blood lege; sopotua 9f white brocaded.
grew 4p Pl,2lp;wroinkkd 07 a, kaotifol gold coloured pp •
Pit t% q !VOW@ IP Catft,ougl• 114 d-dries, teethes.
laud dismonoow
LADY DECANGi§, !....
Over a petticoat of while moo, wore a dress of tulle, ele-

I~!

•
• . • -
"
4u_.
