PRICE OF WHEAT.

Mr. Critter, from tl;;Fressury:l;;Oniniup an account of the
average price of wheat In with from 1670 to the present time.

-11 VPIIi, h..
SLAVERY.

lord DE DUNSTANVILLE presented petitions from two
parishes in Cornwall, praying for the abolition of slavery.
The Bishop of BATH and WELLS presented a similar peti-
tion from a town in Somerseothire. . . _

- .....
The Marquis of LANSDOWN presented similar petitions from
Wareham and Bambridge. HI. Lordship also presented a petition
frein certain persona in the vicinity of Charing.cross, praying to be
heard by Counsel against the Charing.ernes Improvement Bill.
Lord DUDLEY and WARD presented a petition from certain
rhabitants of Bristol and its vicinity, praying for the proteciloa of
West India property.
CORN LAWS.
The Bettor MALMESBURY rose for the purpose of postpon.
tne his motion respecting the Corn Laws, from Monday until
Thursday. His Lordship stated as his principal reason for th' post.
ponement, that all tt.e returns which he had moved for had not
been placed on their Lordahip's table ; and such as hail been
presented could not be printed in time for a discussion on Monday.
Hit Lordship therefore moved that his motion should be postponed
from :ilonday until Thursday next.
Lord ELLENBOROUGH said that he had heard with great
regret the determination which the Noble Earl had come to. The
subject of the motion was so important, that he thought any delay
of its discussion would be most mischievous, and would therefore
wish to have the discussion brought forward on Monday. No
measure had ever been introduced into the House which produced
a more unfavourable sensation than that of the Noble Earl at the
head of the Treasury, for tittering the whole system of the Corn
Laws, and be hoped that no delay would take place in setting the
yuestion at rest.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL had no objection to the motion
tang brought forward on Monday ; it was not on his account that
any postponement was to take place, as he was equally ready to
enter upon the discussion, either on Moodily or on Chtivday ; bat
he wished to know which day it would come on, that there might
not be any disappointment on the subject.
The Earl of MA LSIESBURY said that the postponement MIS
saigested entirely on his own opinion, and that was formed upon
the absence of those documents which were necessary to a right
tirderstar.ding of the subject. His Lordship coold not see how
the delay from Monday until Thursday would be peotluctive of any
mischief: at the same time he would leave it entirely to the House
to determine upon which day they wished to have the discussion.
Lord ELLENBOROUOII said he had not insinuated that the
postponement had been suggested by the Noble Earl ao the head of
the Treasury.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said it was entirely immaterial to
him whether Monday or Thursday were determined upon ; but he
wished it to be understood, that whatever day was then fixed upon,
the discussion should not be further postponed beyond that day.
The Earl of MAL3IESBURY wished to be guided by the
failings of the House.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE thought that it was necessary to
have all the documents which had been moved for laid on the
table, before their Lordship,' proceeded to the discussion of that
Important subject. The feeling in the public mind would be very
unfavourable to any premature discussion, or to any decision with.
out a full inquiry ; and for these reasons it would be moat desirable
to hare the documents laid before them before the discussion took
place.

The Earl of MA LMESHURI" was anxious to comply with the
wishes of the House, but lie wished to remind the House that the
account of the average price of wheat had been only just laid on
t!...; table. The consular reports had not been et presented, and
Si-. Jacob's report also required time to consider it. There were
a:so several other papers which had not been laid before the House,
hut which were necessary to any knowledge of the subject which
was to come under discussion.
After a few words from the Earl of I.II'ER PIIOI, and the Ear!
of •LICDERDALE. the motion of the Earl of MAL3IES-
r.uRY was postponed from Monday unt I Thursday.
Earl DARNLEY wished to call their Lrrdahip'a atten-
tion to a subject which he had on a former night mentioned to the
House; be meant the state of the Coast blockade. *hilt was en-
tirety distinct from the Preventive Service. His Lordship had as-
certained that the number of seamen in that service was greater
Eian he had at first supposed ; but the greater the number of sea.
men, the more injurious to the naval service, inasmuch as such
emplorment made them worse seamen than when they entered the
coast blockade. Hie Lordship did not intend, at that aliment. to
enter upon any discussion of the blockade system. hut he would at
a future day, probably In the course of the next Sc.sien, bring the
subject before their Lordships, when he would prove the entire
Inefficiency of that system to prevent smuggling. His Lordship
raid he had a letter from a respectable person on the coast of Kent,
which stated that smuggling was carried on in th.st quarter to as
great an extent as ever ; and he observed in the ICratirs Herold an
account of the landing of a cargo of smuggled goods. on Good Fri.
day last in the middle of the day. The best remedy lie sutugglieg
was to be found in a reduction of the duties.

Lord MELVILLE said he would be ready to iliseuss the sub.
irc► with the Noble Lad, at any date that he might bring it
t•wwartL

MANOR COURTS (IRELA NO) BILL.
The Earl of SHAFTESBURY moved the second reading of
the Manors' Court (Ireland) Bill.

Lord ELLENBOROUIfIi thought the best remedy for the
abuses of the present Manor C)117104 in Ireland would be the
entire abolition of those Courts: and he did nut think that any
serious benefit could be derived front any attempt at a revision
of them.
The Earl of LIVERPOOL said the subject had occupied the
mient'an of the Irish Government. There had been an opinion
tl.st the abolition of those Courts would be a desirable course.
Rut, after a full consideration of the subject by the Irish Governs
mint, it was recommended to alter and revise these Courts, in
preference to abolishing them. Alter the passing of the present
li:11. it would be quite competent fot the Noble Lord tampons the
abtAition of those Courts.
