THE BRITISH PRESS.

LON DON,
FRIDAY, JAmumir 30.

Lord Hertav Petty; last nigh., in the House
of Commons. took a luminous and comprehensive I e---ea-e-aae
view of our Finances, in the system of which, he 1 Yesterday morning the Prince of Wsr.es arrival
onggested some important Amendments. His state- at Win .sor. on a vent to Their Manses ss. The
m-nt Was; what is vulgarly called, opet.:ng the Duke of YORK likewise arrive& on hirsine.s na:11
Budget, with. Cirri exceptinn, that he did not 21 1 hours.
MAJISTY, and continued with him hear two
nounce the mode of defraying the interest of the We have the pleasure to inform the public, that
Lieut. The amount of the Lean he stated at the Brigade of British Troops u... 1- tho orders r f
General Wvovaitn. arrived in Sicily on the .ith of
I‘J'2°° 0001.—and 500'0001' h- slid, w" the largest Dereniber, in the very best state of health. there
sum that could possibly be wanted for Co-tinental being scarcely a case of serious Illness among the
Subsidies. The produce of the Property Tax he troops The above Brigade landed at Catanaa, in
enimated at 11,50,0001. He declared. at the sane which place and its neigt•bonrhond, the cows are
for the present to be stationed. Sir Jona STU,. il t
time, that it was not intended to increase it beyond is arrived at Portsmouth, from the Mediterranean,
is present rate of 101. per cent.; and that it should on hdard the Serapit story nf war.
:ease at the end of the war. A full report of Irk so'nfthhetn(n'e.artehreit7J.ustßic tEi avaAoss; ; from
the Lace.
Eft:
Lordship's interesting and important statement is WARDS; fr •M -.—; were captured, on the 23d in-
given in our preceding columns. stant, by a French schooner privateer, of six guns,
---...-- and 65 men ; the tsao f orner were burnt; the latter
giv n up to the crew, and is arrived at Miltord.
l'he privateer had previously captured the Hoe, of
Cardiff.
By a Naval Officer, w o arriv-d a few days igo,
from Jamaica. we learn, that ie ry smog r •ril - i
tranquil in that Island. Sir Eves Coots. the
vernor.General, a held in the logoest drove 01
respell and estimation. Admiral D. crkts, v.hr.l
has had the command of the B.rricsr. on e. t
!MIMI'. for three years past, is comihg,l one, and is
to be socce -tied by Admiral Cocitaress ; the die-
posable force at Port Royal consists of six ships of
the line, beside: itigates and sloops of war, amoent-
in the whole to upwards of thirty sail.
A Rert from England arrived off Lisbin on the
15 h i-stant.
We uoderstand that the long-contested question
he waeu the Esti of (Nitwit, and the Crtrayns of
Cork. whether or sot his Lordship is or is not en-
title-, to the prisare of wines Migrated i -n Cork,
will shortly br- tally invcstsgat•-c, by a snit com-
menced by one of those ctuzens, and which will re.
ceive trial nest assiars.
The Esplanatury Grain Intercourse Bill, intro-
duced into the H us. of Commons. by Sir Uwe
Isle.sv roar. mad., that th.-! As 9 of the last Session. •
misled 'I An Alt to permit the free interehange of v5.:..4
ea- ry species ix Gran between Carat Britain and I '
Ireland, and the several clauses and provisions
therein mentioned, ri lacing to the exiscrtation and
importation of any sit of corn or grain, meal,
flour, bread, or biscuit, from Great Britain to Ire-
land, or from Ireland to Great Britain. was intend-
ed, and shall be constroed to extend, and the same
is hereby declared td extend oily to corn or grain,
meal, Ili or, bread or biscuit, being toe gronith.
produce, or manufaltute of 1. eat Britain or Ire-
land respeCtively, and not to any corn or grain.
meal. flour, bread, or hiicuit, behrg the growths
produce, or manufaiture of any other country or
I place ; any thing in the said recited Aft to the con-
trary notwithsranding."
The following Gentlemen have been called to
the degree of Barrister at Law, by the Honourable
Society of Lincoln's-Inn :
Francis Lee.. Class's, E-q. Robert Great, E.q.
W. Foiglisn Sit,Wl4 E-1. Rich .r.I II Cressesll. F...q,
R. It "man Silly, E-q John Row.ll-r. jou. Eq.
Th 00112.4 ‘Vebb Dwk-, Ksq Sam 4.1 Shams. Esq.
Hon Charles F. Stuart Slinlael R &.h y, Esq.
The great number of houses to be demolished
for the intended enlargem nt of Smithfierd Mar-
ket. has so increased the value of property there,
that the lease of a mnderatelv•smea house, for
which, three years ago, 2001. would have been
taken, was lately sold at GARR AMA T'S for 700
guineas.
Mr. SHRPHKRO. who met with the unfortunate
accident at Cov-nt-Garden The tee, was last night
much better, hut not out of danger.
Mr. Motto a's lively Comedy of Speed the Maui.
and .11:4 her (1..... e's rale. attracted a crowded house,
to Cowry-Garden Tnratre, last night. Some of the
charadters in the Play have changed their Represent-
atives since its first performance. Mr. leawcarr.
with great goul sense, has resigned chit of the
youthful B,h H,intly to the lively Maas' to, wln.se
tigire, gale y, and engaaing manner, make him a
much fitter lover fur the young and interesting
Serra 4,414
On the 113th inst. a public ball was given by the
geotlemen of Liphin, Ireland, to celebrant the birth-
day of that no- oral and harmonious p et, oxivaa
GoLoset res. the village being his birth plate. The
room where i he inknpany assembled wasorn.s..Tented
with various 4liarAeeratic decorations, and several
transpirene.es Witt:tired scenes from his Terkaike.
ice Dunn; some pauses of the dance, on- of the
gemlemen reck d several heantitni passages t, -tt
ik Deterred ri,lage. and other of Dr. Goi user T 0
Poem*. whose mist was afterward• crowne n ft
hays, from tire lair hands of a charming you g
lady. Tne company who were highly rushed
with the festivities ot the night, were i .vited to par.
take of a splendid defame, on the lawn, opposie to
the Epiecopal Palace, in the motnona, to which the
mild sass of she weatherroved eattosnely favour-

The ship, Chinn Pa,ket, arrived at Philadelphia,
from CAlcatta, on the 31st December. She sailed
.rom Calcu'ta on the II th of August last, and
horn the Sand HeAlls On the 17th. It was ru-
moured at Calcutta, that an ern'targo would lake
plnce in a few days, and be continued uttil the sail-
ing of the Company's fall fleet for Europe. Cal-
cutta goods, of every description. was =tom-
minly ►carce.

-

n
4

It was repored, last right, that Government are
in possession of the 41rh or 50:h of the
Grand Fren h Army, in which the French admit
that battles were fought subsequent to the 26:h,
and that tile had lost 7000 k lied, and ly Genetals
Should the French publish awy-atcnunt of the mili-
tary operations between December Itio. and Jan t.
we may elpea some ucla account. Tile Ame-
rican ship Bifirareirs„Calx. MIL LIR. 111Tret4 in
nesd ay from Anasterd iv), which place rh.. left en
the 25. h inst. The Captain states, tha• the reports
in Holland, of the state of the French in Polind, are

more unfavourable than they have been even in this
country. The F,ench are said to have been falling
back ever sine the battle of the etith. R port
adds, that the Poles have risen upon them in their

retreat, and destroyed great numbas, not even
sparing the sick and wounded in the hospitals.—
Capt. Mss.t.ea states, that no vessel is now permitted
to leave H•iHand, till the Master gives bond to for-
feit double the amount of tke value of his vessel, if
he should call at any EngliAs pert on his voyage
home. An Edinburgh Paper or the 26:11, alluding to
the reports on this subied. brought from Tonningen
by the Night:m.l,4k, as stated in Tar. Bait Isis Pans,
on Wednesday. gives the following as a mare cos-
rea account of the intelligence received by that
vessel :

I. On the 13th January, a person from Hamburgh
arrived in "founingen, with intelligence, that the
Russians, in great force, had successtully attacked
the French, and drove them with immense slang. ter
lions their position ; and it was said, that, in conse-
quence, the Frenc's army was in full retreat to Ber-
lin. It was, nt.rreover, reported, that the Arch-
duke C: i s bad en.ered Sile.i a, at the head of
180,000 Ausuians. These reports were not com-
municated by the British Consul to Capt. Morr, of
'1
the Prince /Alban, as formerly stated, but brought

by one of the Prince ',Ana's boats from Tortnia.
gen to Vollerwyk, where that vessel and the Nightin-
gale were at anchor. The Nightivale sailed on the
morning of the 20th January."
Another vessel reached the River yesterday, in
seven days, from Bremen. It was reported there.
at the time she sailed, that a battle had been fought
between the French and Russians in Poland, in
which the Latter had been defeated, with ttse loss of
ten thousand men and eighty pieces of cannon ; but
that, notwithstanding this vinery on the part of the
enemy, NA roLsos was hastawns back from Wai-
-1 saw to Berlin with ail possible celerity: that eighty
thousand men have been ordered to be raised imme-
diately. and sent to Elm as a teinlorcensent ; and

hat every precaution is taken by the French in Bre-
men, to prevent any unfavourable reports Prom rt-
mg into circulation reap-ding tls- Bette aithe Ft each
army. All these accounts, added t the reports

*Ye.

• ;1

...0

ill

LAW INTELLIGENCE.
COSRT OF KING'S BEN(A, Wesessissess, 7Ar. 44.
sPoRTING. •
Sir VICAIIY Grass. on h•b4lf of the Rev Mr.
Jones, a Magistrate of the c•sunty of Hereford,
applied to the Court, for leave to file a Criminal
Infer:nation against a Mr. Givin (a gentleman of
the same county.) and several riher persons,
grounded upon the following circumstances:
Mr. Jones, the Complainant. was surerintemkr.l
some of his workmen, who were lie.4zin..! upon his
own land, and at the time the transissiidn eom.
plained of occurred, had two favourite gryhou-ds.
lying beside him ; a hare, at the mommt, ran
within fitteea yards of them, and the greyhounds
immediately pursued and killed her. Soon after,
Mr. Givin came up, with several huntsmen, and a
pack of hounds in full chase; being disappointed in
their sport, Mr. Givin and his companions began to
ihuue. Mr. Jones ; the former d-4 him, and, in a
passion, desired to know why he killed the hat^
Fie then advanced to him. and ass iulted him with a
horsewhip, in a most violent manner. It also ap-
peared, that there had ben tome previous disagree.
silent between these ginilemen. The Learned
Counsel observed upon the unwarrantable violence
of such canduft ; it was entirely out of Mr.
Jones's power to prevent his greyhounds from
killing the hare ; but even if he could have pre-
vented them, it would be no justification for so
outrageous an act. It was also to be recollelled,
that NIT. Jones was a magistrate, a clergyman, and
upwards of sixty years of age.
Lord Este,easotinis considered it was such a
ease, as did not call for the interference of that
Court, he thought these was no great danger of a
similar occurrence taking place between these par-
ties The Rule was accordingly refused.
e FIE ICING e. TILE LONDON DOCK COMPANY.
This was an IndiAment against the Company.
fer not building a bridge, pursuant to the aft of
Parliament, and came before the Court, upon a pe-
rerreitor y rule for a new trial.
Ga slow, as Counsel for the Company,
shortly stated, that the parties had now come to a
Tight understanding upon the suhjed ; the Company
had done all that lay in their power to remedy the
evil i and it was agreed, their Lot dships should
pronounce a smali fine upon the Defendants.
The Court accordingly or.lered the Defendants
to pay a fine of 6s. rid., and the rule for a new
trial was discharged.
At two o'clock, Lord EL LENBONOUGII sat at
Nos Pries, at Guildhall, witen some causes, of no
pablic tamest, were disposed of.

COMMoN PLEAS.

This day the Court dec.d...J some came' at Ni.;
Prins, but nothing occurred worthy of public a-
ss:lulus.
_ .

THc .IRVIY.

The following appears, from a parer laid before
?srliAmerif, to be the effeatve str t lig i of the K-.
'via .4.1,1 Militia Forcer., on the I.t of Jan. 180 7 :•••
eV( atm . . . . • !NA S 4
rule Guards • . . . 8.43
infants), • • • • . 101,003
C1,41n.,n Rat tabans . . . 6,757
voirran Battaltnus • • . . 6,624
lonain and L..eal Corps . 5 c.-11, 711
/ Infan•ry . 19.861
I Ciiral., . 3,989
German Legion . ' Irfantry • ;SSA
C•tealty • . 547
Infant-v 1,969
N'. of 81. n at the ArTn! rhpet Galena! Service,) )
Desen.r.. and :333
(Mitt/child M0Dm......••••
Total (Regu'or Army)
R.ltith
Mthtta . " 1 1r..,1
0 n•I•ta! Total,

176,'•' 6
. .-41. St;
. 21.473
254,56.5

*braid,
As lbws,

85,144

Gewalt Total,

254,66 i

NA TA L INTALLIGENCE.

roitrusonsw, Jar. 28.
Arrived the Dow:hi/oil bomb, with a convoy from
the Downs. •
Sailed the initiv schooner on a eruise.--.Wind
V.W.

DO'S!. JAM. 28.

Came in this day, the brig Beffiis;ins, of New
Ys rk, Miller, wish the loss of her bowsprit r her
cargo can.ists of gin, butter, and cheese, for New
Orleans, Is om Amsterdam, which place she left only
three days ago. The Captain says, the reports in
Holland are far more unfavourable on the part of
the French army in Poland, than they have Keen
here. Their accounts state, that they have kept
falling back ever since their grand battle; and that
the Poles, on their retreat, have risen in a mass, and
ciestroycd very great cumbers, not even spariasg the
sick aad wounded in the hostals.
Came in the brig AIM, of Dover, Atkinson, with
gals, from Sunderland ; she had a narrow escape
•j* being captured by a French privateer. By
keeping company with an American ship, and
li•iicting American colours, the privateer was clc-
cieed, and induced to leave them nil the Knuth
Foreland.

aeaL, JAN. 214.
Arrived the Pearl. ti gun brit, from a cruise, and
remains in the Dswas with tissalsips so per last.

Mat, JAN.
The brig Forisaidien, Captain Claus Arctamfer,
from Barcelona and V.ilen:ia, to this poet, arrived
here on Saturday morning. On Thursday last, the
2-21 of January, half way between Flamborough-
Hoed and the Spurn, and a.out five miles fr,:na
1 nd , the Forinja,en was isoarded by a French pri-
vateer. ,if if; pans; ship quite new, about four days
otte-ol Dunkirk, well manned, hut heihmetal in bad
condition. The Captain of the privateer would
ionic detained the Pant' hen, but said, that eighteen
vessels had sailed from 1-lull fur di:Ferenc destina-
tions, of which he was then in. pursuit. The mer-
e:lawman was therefore suffered to proceed on his
v.iyage. Capt. Aretander believes tLe Moester.of the
privateer v., be an Englishman.

TO Tl+ WEST iNiJI PLANTERS AND
MEKCIIANTS.

SLAVE TRADE.

CENTLEMEN, London, Jan. 28.
Having read yesterday the Petition which you
presented to the House of 'Lords, 1 take the liberty
of making the follt,wing remarks upon it.
In the first place, you support those which you
consider to be your tights, on certain Charters nr
Ads, which,you say, have sanctioned the Slave Trade.
I apprehend you arc aware that the first puhlic Act
in nnur favour, and which was the great ground-
work of all others, appeased in tie reign of Eliza
both. who grained letters patent for carrying on the
trade from the R•ver Senegal to an huedred leagues
beyond Sierra Leone You have, perhaps, forgot-
ten the religions suspicion which this Princess en-
tertained relative to the lawfulness of it, when it
was begun. It is well known that she sent for Sir
:elm Hawkins, after his voyage to Africa and His-
pAninlA, and that she expressed her concern to him
lest any of the Africans should be carried off with-
out their free consent, declaring, that it rould k
detettalle, and enl dove tie oars enee of Hcarra UPON
the amtlfdaking." Now, Gentlemen, as the letters
patent in question were granted by this Princess,
soon after these remarkable expressions, what is the
inference, but that, in sandioning the trade, she was
kept purposely ignorant of the cruel circumstances
belonging to it This was also the case with Louis
the Thirteenth of France, who set his face against
the introduaion of it, till he was assured that the
Africans were savages at home, and that, by being
carried into the European colonies, they would en-
joy the blessings of the Christian religion.

And as this was the case both with Elizabeth and
Lcruis, so it. was the case with all other of our own
Princes, under whose reigns any Afts have been
made in your favour. I mean to say, that the
Members of the different Legislatures which made
them, were ignorant of the violent, cruel, and
treacherous manner in which the unhappy Africans
were redneed to slavery, or they would never have
given them their support. What British Prince or
Parliament would have given your agents leave to
make Africa a scene of blood and desolation ? or
what Prince r r Parliament, knowing the horrors of
the trade, as it now exists, would now suffer it to be
begun ? It app ears to me that two things ate al-
ways implied in every Legislative Act ; first, per-
mission to do certain actions ; and, secuudly, a con-
dition, that the actions thus permitted are not to he
contrary to the laws of justice and relig'on. Now,
if you fail in performing the condition. I apprehetd
you forfeit your claim to the permission, and that
you can no longer look up to the Legislature for its
support.
But it is, I believe, on the preamble of the Act
of the 23d of George the iecond, on which you so
much depend, " That whereas the Trade to and
from Africa as very advantageous to Great Britain,
and necets..ry for the supplying of the plantations
and colonies thereunto belonging, with a sufficient
nuarshrr of Negroes at reasonable rates," therefore it
is de able it should be carried on. But what did
that enlightened statesman, Mr. Pitt, c.ay, when he
reed tilts preamble in the House of Commons, on
the 21 of April, 1792 ? " Here, then, we see,"
s.red Air. Pitt, reading the preamble aloud, " what
Parliament had in view. when it passed this Act,
and I have clearly shewn, that not one of the occa-
sions, on which it grounded its proceedings, now
exists. I may then plead, I think, the very pream-
ble itself as an argument for the Abolition. If it
has been shewn that this trade, instead of being
very advantageous to Great Britain, is the mast de-
scruffier that can well be imagined to her interests
—that it is the ruin of our seamen—that it stops the
extension of our manufactures :—lf it has been
proved. in the second place, that it is not now ne-
cessary for the supplying of our plantations with
Negroes. If it has been farther established, that this
traffic was front the very beginning contrary to the
first principles of justice, and consequently that a
pledge fur its continuance, if such a pledge had
ever been given, must have been completely and
Absolutely void—where then in this Aft of Parlia-
ment is the contraft to be found, by which Britain
is bound, as she is said to be, never to listen to her
own true interests, and to the cries of the natives of
Africa ? Is it not clear that all argument, founded
on the supposed pledge of Parliament, makes against
those who employ it ?"
I come now to the next statement in your Petition.
You are pleased to say, that the cultivation of the
colonies cannot be carried on without supplies of
African labourers, from which you deduce many
alarming consequences, such as the loss of your own
property, the loss of an immense duty to the revenue,
the loss of the exportation of a vas quantity of our
marmfadures, the loss of the employment of litiOoo
seamen, &c. Now what can have induced you to
lay such a frightful picture before the House of
Lords? You know as well as I do, that there are a
great number of plantations in the different West
India Islands, which, much to the honour of those
who have had the management of them, Lave never
bought) an African Negro fir f.!(;), NI, 40, 50, and
even t.O years, and some of which have doubled
their population by birth. It is clear, then, that no
supplir sof Aft ican labourers are wanted for these,
and of course, that none of the alarming verse-
:Fences, which you have painted to this branch of
toe legist.aure, will follow there. And why might not
ttiher plantations do the same ? You know that the
managers of these might breed and rear almost as
many Negroes as they pleased, if they did not set
their faces against it. And what other @tree will
the stoppin of supplies from Africa (which is the
only thing Mended by the Bill) have, but that of
obliging all such bad managers to change their
system, that is, to treat their Negroes more kindly
than they have hitherto done, and to put them upon
the same footing as those upon the estates which
have nal occasion for foreign labourers. And here
it may not be impertinent to temark, that an im-
provement in your fortunes would be more likely to
fallow, than the poverty you expect. For which ate
the embarrassed estates in the West Indies, according
to your favourite author, Mr. Long, but such as
where the managers of them prefer the purchasing
of new Negroes, to the acquisition of them by a wise
increase from the h.rths.

I should have made no further remarks upon the
dreadful soatequences you anticipate, but t:lat tW9

of the arguments, included M them, Meth a more
particul reply.
The first relates to the vast duties which come
into the Treasury from your produce. While Ido
not wish to lessen the value of ocr West Indian
possessions, and will o I ant ti of opinion, that
it will not be diminidted by dhe proposed sill, I am
obliged to remind yew, that the people of England,
and not you, the Merchants and Planters, iy t're'e
duties ; and that th,fy would continue to pay them,
if sugar, or other produce, similar to y' tir own,
were to clme from any other quarter of the
world. _ _

The second relates to the Seamen, whom you
employ. You slate them at 16,000 ; be it so—
We know then the number which the We.t India
Trade annually raises. Hut how came you, Gen-
tlemen, to conceal, that the Slave Trade destroys
between two aud three thousand Seamen annually ;
and therefore that whatever you may gain by the
one, you lose by the other Trade.
In anozhor part of your Petition, you seem to urge
the proximity of the island of St. Domingo to the
most important of the British Islands in the West
Indies, AS an argument against the Abolition of the
Slave Trade. Lot surely you seem to have over.
looked how impt.lously this raximity calls upon
you for its Abolition. lu case of ally sitdd.m rup-
ture between St. Domingo and you, or between
St. Domiiir and Great Britain. where would he
your salary, i.iclovd by a multi:iide of newly-import.
ed Slaves ? lVould not these join the enemy on
their first landing ? Du they not cousibt of such in.
flammable mitten, that there is need only to touch
it to make it blaze i' Flom whom does Mr. Long
say that your alarms have always arisen, but from
the imported Africans. Wh , if your popula-
tion were to consist of Creaks, nr native Negroes,
you might bid defiance to General Christishe, or to
any other person corning in a hostile capacity from
that quarter.
There is, Gentlemen, one part of your Petition,
which I cannot but notice, I meant, where you seem
to rest perfally satisfied m your owo innocence, or
in the idea that nn delinquency has been proved
against you. That there has been delinquency some.
where, and great delinquency. and sucli delinquency
as history has never before recorded, is certain.
This delinquency has been shewn t.s exist in Alrica,
by the evidence before both Houses of Ps&anient.
It has been shewn to exist also in the West Indies,
by means of the same evidence, and still farther by
the bloody accounts lately handed to us by Lord
Seaforth. Now "cruljecit per diem
,tics per se,"
is not only a maxim in metals, but ackeowledgcd
both in the theory and the praflice of the English
law.

7he last sub e& you touch upon is compensation
in case of the Abolition or the Sias e Trade ; I shall
observe briefly upon this, as tar as relates to the
West Indies, that they, who have treated their Ne.
groes with kindness, will have no occasion fur it,
and that they, who have treated them otherwise, do
not deserve it. I do not, however, mean to say, that
there may not be cases, where the Legislature may
hold it justifiable to grant a compensation. With
relieft to those, however, who are concerned in the
African part of the system, it would be a violation
bo•h of morals, and of all the principles ofjorispru-
dence, to allow it. I have heard, that in some coun-
tries, they, who stole others as goods and chattels,
were punished with death. I have heasd, that in
others the receivers of stolen goods were punished,
as well as the thieves themselves. But I never yet
heard, that men in any country had a compensation
for abstainiag from iniquity, or that they were to be
indemnified t:om sufferings, which might arise out
of a violation of all religion, provided they would
abandon the crimes which occasioned them.
A LRITON.

Thirty Thousand Pounds certain fur the First-
drawn Ticket the nett day of drawing, Wrenesday,
4tb February. There is no instance to be found in
the History of Lotteries, of so rich a Wh.el as the
present, •iz. Two Prizes of 30,0001. each. 20,0001.
and Two of 5,0001. each; also Four of 1,0001. and
numerous other Capitals, S:c. The undrawn Tick-
ets and Shares are on sale at HODOCI and Co.'s
Oakes, Curahill, Oxford•street, and St. James's-
street.

Some of the favourites of Fortune must be pre-
sented with 30,0001. next Wednesday morning.
A very wholesome breakfast. BROOKE and Co.
particularly invite their friends and the public to
partake of it, at their Office, 237, Piccadilly, esta-
blished upwards of fifty years Twenty Ave Shares
of Capital Prizes have been sold at the above Office,
within the last year.
If ever a Lottery set forth a brilliant Wheel, the
present claims that title: two of 30,0001. one of
20,0001. two of 1,0001. four of 1,0001. six of 5001.
&c. &c. and only six days to draw ! On Wednes-
day next, the First-drawn Ticket is entitled to
Thirty Thousand Pounds. The price of Tickets
and Shares is so very reasonable, that every !elder
of a small Prize is induced to renew the chance of
having a Capital Prize ; and those who nrver be-
fore adventured, cannot resist buying. Tnis ac-
counts for the increasing sale at this important crisis.
Warranted Undrawn '1 ickets and Shares are on sale
at HORMIST and Co.'., Nos. 26, Cornhill, 52,
Charing-cross, and St. Margaret's-hill, Borough.
An Mg • *tion was hrld a few days since upon the
body of Miss Robinson, a young woman, 19 years
of age, a milliner, at Brentford, who was killed on
the road between that place and Harrow. The de-
ceased was riding in a chaise cart with another young
woman, on her way to Harrow, to take a shop
there, when they were met by two country carts,
one of which overturned the chaise ; Miss Robinson
perched upon her head, and broke her neck. Her
friend escaped with a broken leg. Verdift—acci-
dental death by the negleft of the drivers, and a
drolland was taken. One of the drivers was asleep
at the time in his cart, the other a considerable dis-
tance behind. They were both committed to prison.
MAD Doos.—The following cure for the bite of
a mad dog has been used by tf.e family of Colonel
I loonee, near Cork, for many years :- Give to
the patient two spoonfuls of the juice of ribworth
plantain, every morning, or as much as the ro-
t/Lich will bear, till all apprehensions are removed.
Near Cork-beg, the country residence of Colonel
R. U. Frize.sa•Lo, a mad dog bat two children
sod a cow; the children were given the juice of the
' ribworth plantain, and have no r, roptwo of the
[ *boy tadia ; the cow eici.

. • .
MEETING'S OF CREDITORS AriILDHALT.i
V.• 1111.R1111W.
i.. ►p...•.,rrt !,i,lion, late of Purlergh, Essex, dealer in A
c•ittie . . . . . • :1 i
Jahn Rebhan', Bethnal' green, Middlesex, AM and
'Ale beer kreer••r• . . • olt
John Herndon', f I'm market. Len•lnn, vidualler z i
W.llimas Wright, Borough High•steeet, Southwark,
Sauey, plunnict . . .
„ • 3 :2
3ao•••a Bun, Lite of New Liele•itreet, Lekesternewl,
?A idilmes, Claw and clip bat•mantifacturr r • :% `.2
John atownien, Water Imo., Towee•street, London,
biamly-nierchaut . . . . !:', •:,
Joseph !flukey, Piccarliry, Middlesex, atm,-acceritre.
soent-maker . . • 2:2
Charlet Swum ick, Suiten ether, Corent.unde.n. Mid-
rbmee, g•oeCT . . . • li i
John Warren, late of Biabce.rgAte.strect, but n In *f tae
Crescent, near the Minories. London, merchant . t 1
Thom, I.,,,nrbothan. Law ~,, Hoikeich, near Leeds,
Yorkshire, clothier , . . • 112
Thomas Vrl!ce, Boir-lane, London, victualler • I It
William Itielienind, Mark-lane, L. 11.1.11. auctintieer . g m
Ldward Pheasant, late of Three Crane-et-nut, hear
irHigh-street, Southwark, hor•inerchant . •t 11
lisi Herne, 1..,•J Seen, London, watch-maker • t i!
William Willem% Led•lane, London, victuaher ,k 1.
Francis Henry Chrlstio, John Calvert C•mice, a:4
Charles Bowen,Crdlega•ltill, Ler:ilon, merchants • II l•
John Cerbery, Vine nowt, Pme.A.ll7, urareherotenma . g I,
George Longuottom, Holbeacli, near Leads Yorkshire, g IL
rh•thier . . . •R 10
William Valentine Sciatney, 0 'iron!, street, Middlesex, •
listen- dreper . . . • t
Edward Meredith, Blackmoor street, near Drury-lane.
linen-drroer . . • 1 le
Will.am Pore'', Brecon, liquor-merchant . • 1 h.!
Edelen' Newbory, 0:4 Brnad,dreet, London, hu:lttee . 1 1
John Morrie, Imo of 1.1..1.111•it1e..t. BUIIII•StrCtt, Mid-
dimes, bcert and ehne-Malor . . • 11.
J 1 Mal Mai:, Yanchurch•lioildings, London, insurattcm
brake, . . . . . Ili

DIVIDENDS.
C. Frank, Flllelrman.rmet, boruugh. of Sonthwaik,
wire-n.ercha,.t . . . .
Wiliam CA4.1111,41, Ma e4tone,iCent, uplirslaterer .
P.ar,cic Kerr, 01 i .I..!wry, Liond.l.t, sorn-!ia nt
Davld Lll4,Log.itere, IllfDdle‘e.,.., dealer in calms and

cloth -
• . .
1•1•..,,,,, Drury au.l Richard °ditto, Brecd.stroet, Lon-
don, rilthon-wcarqrs . . .
Abraham hilendm Pereira and licrrueneci4l Caareil.iu,
Old litthlem, Londe°, merchants .
Peter She; herd, 1,:on, Norfolk, draper . .
Thomas Drury, P..cy.l-,rect, Lela.:lon, ritr!ion.riitaeor .
Samuel F• ll,r, +.:b• of Catolplge, draper . .
George Sedit,n, Ables.gate .trtzt. Load-Hs, cabinet.

:1
1!
111
le

maker . -
John Jeer., Thread/poodle-street, Loudon, yeardietne-

•
Ely lirtunnli. (-anJ Jenctiot What', Whitefriars
Lonl.,n, and of ll%Niue, Middle:9ex, coal-Ind,.
chant•

Ga brxe Atkinson, Cloth-fait, Smitll6.l.l, London,
glaii,r . . . .
Edward Ihrgrare, !at+ nr Vllikkoarb-street, RliArtles• • ,
but now ut Lowcr Touting, Sum), draler atal
chap:run . . . .
