PARLIAMENTARY LVIIFLLIQEIVCE.

HOUSE OF LORDS. IVIoNDAT, Max 8:

Mi. Bonanza, and other Members of the Ramo Commonsi
wrought up the County of York Election Bill, the Registration o
Aliens Bill, the Irish Prisons Bill, and several Private Bill;
6.rwhich were read a Ant time.
The Duke of .NORTHUMBERLAND presented a petition
from certain inhabitants of the psrllh of St. Martin's,. against •
dame in the Charing-cross Improvement 1141, for Macadamizing
the owes in :fiat neighbourhood.
The Earl of HARI/WIC-Et; presented • petition from the in.
habitants of Westminster, praying to he heard by Counsel against
a clause in the Westminster Improvement 1.1111, for Macadamizing
certain streets in Westminster.
PRICES OF CORN.
Mr. Lsek, from the Board of Trade, bmught rap a Return of
' all accounts receives from British Consuls abroad, relative to the
.pileetkof foreign corn. during the_yeav 1825.
The Earl of 31ALMESIIVRY moved for a return of the ave-
rage price of corn In lark lane, on the 24th and UM April, and
on the Ist and 6th of May- 1826—Ordered.
• CORN LAWS.
Earl WlLTONpresented • petition from Lancashire, praying
for an alteration in the Coen haws.
The Esrl of LAUDERDALE presented petitions from ips.
*WiCh in Suflitik ; and one from the Agricultural Society
of Norfolk. against the intended alterations in the Corn Laws.
His Lordship said that he had on former occasions recommended
to persons not to present any petitions in favour of the (inn Laws,
• as be did not then think that there was any likelihood of tl e ques-
tion being discussed during the present Session of Parliament ; and
• intestine to that conclusion in consequence of the pledge given to
that effect by his Majesty's Ministers. The person, to whom lie
• had given the advice thought there MRS • necessity for petitioning,
. and a apneared by the event that they were right, and that he was

wrrofr.d •
TEYNHAM said a few words in support of the petitions,
and expressed a •hope that Ministers would withdraw their
measures.
• Lord KING rose, for the purpose of bringing before their Lord-
' **hips • printed paper. which might be consult-terl a breach of the
privilersta against their Lordships House. It was a scandalous
and malicious libel; he would not say it wan false. but neverthries.
' It might, atvonting to the law, be libellous, olthongh true. The
paper to which he alluded had gone through one edition, and would
imoll probability appear before their LordshiPs in a second edition;
It would therefore be desirable to take some notice of it. Ills Gord•
811'p then read the following extract from Mr. Jacob's Retort ; it
is taken (ruin • translation of a memoir circulated among the land-
' owners of Brandenburg. Pomerania, and West Prussia:—
" The new liberal policy adopted by England, with regard to
commerce, has not been extended to the corn trade, anti the rocs
lions of Mr. Ilitskisson and Mr Whitmore, as well as the nume-
rous petitions that were lad before Parliament. did not meet with
• any success. It is doubtful whether they will have a better fate in
the nest siessiotte. should even a new Parliament assemble. The
influence of the Members of the House of Lords, whose interests
tin this instance) are at variance with those of the community at
large, being too prevailing."
—lt wonlil be fa their Lordships to decide whether the publisher of
• that libel should be brought to the bar of their House for such
breach of privilege, Or, as it had appeared in • Report laid before
the-other House of Parliament, reparation might be claimed. by
sanding a message to that House for • free conference, in which
some satisfaction might be obtained. There was no precedent of
• late years fur a free confetence. but tradition said that at such a con-
ference. held shoat a century ago. the horde and Commons came to
high words, and it was even said that they actually came to blows.
Ho did not know whether the teal of the Noble and learned Lord
on the Woolsack for the landed interest would lead him into any
unpleasant collision with the President of the Board of Trade, but
• in such an went the Secretary of State would probably Interfere in
support of his colleague, and give the Noble and Learned Lord a
back-handed blow. It would become the duty of their Lordships
. to step forward and rescue the Noble and Learned lard from 00
perilous *situation. He did not wish to make any motion on the
subject, but he merely suggested to their Lordships the propriety
• of sending a message tp that House of Commons, requesting • free
conference to settle the matter.
' The Earl of LI .IEItICR agreed seriously in the troth of what
had been raid by the Noble Lord, and thought the publication in
question was libellous. That libel, as well as the olecrvations of
lk• Noble Lord, were a good comment on the subject which was
to come before their Lordships on Thursday next. It was gene-
rally understood that a General Election was shortly to take place.
The manufacturing interests were In great distress. His Lordship
&dew that the agriculturist classes apprehended great mischief from I
. the operation of the measures before Parliament, and any agitation
of the subject of the Corn Laws would only tend to exasperate
both parties, to the great injury of the community.
rite Marquis of LANSDOWN presented a petition from
certain Protestant Dissenters, complaireng of being subjected to
the operation of the law, which enforces the celebration of the ce-
remony of marriage according to the rues of the Church of Eng-
land. Hie Lordship hoped that Parliament would take the sub.
jest into consideration, and relieve the petitioners from the neon'.
eh, of submitting to a ceremony to which they were conscien-
tiously opposed.
CATHOLIC DISABILITIES.
Lord DUDLEY and WARD 'rose for the purpose of presenting
a petition from the Roman Catholics of the coonty of Roe-
common, signed by several thousand persons, praying to be re-
heved from certain disabilities under which they labour in come.
q.IOIIOC of their religious opinion,. Ili. Lordship observed, that it
was not at all surprising to see such a petition numerously signed,
when it was considered that the petitioners had only adhered to
that religion which had been professed by their ancestors for cen-
turies. However erroneous that faith might be, there were not
wanting excuser foe their adherence to it; and although great pains
bad been taken by Government to convince them of their errors,
and although their religion had been called superstitious. he was
not aware that argumeota had been used to convince them of those
errors. Laws oh disqualification had been employed, and it wit
• against those the petitioners now complained. His Lordship said
be was not disposed to violate • sort of tacit convention which had
been agreed upon by their Lordahips, of avoidieg any dismission of
that most important subject during the present Session of Perlis.
meat. The time for such discussion must he a matter of discre.
this ; upon that point he would concur with these friends
who had uniformly supported the Catholic Claims, and he would
ale, advise the Catholics to be guided by those who hail been their
steady supporters, and who had made great sacrifices in their cause.
The great obstacle to the claims was, that such concession would
. be dangerous to the security of the Church and State ; but such
apprehension his Lordship believed to be entirely unfounded. The
conduct of the Catholics under the most trying cireumatarices was
the best answer to such an objection. His Lordship said he had
supported the claims of the Catholics under circomatances the most
idaumiciout, and his opinion of the justness of those claims was
*Confirmed by every year's experience. The present system pursued
towards the Catholics was most incourenient ; sod it was import-
sibla to disguise the fart that this was she weakest point in this
country's policy. This watt the point to which all looked with sp.
• prehension, arid be hoped their Lordships would not have recision
to look on it with self-reproach.
' l'he Marquis of LANSIMIIWN presented a petition from the
Chamber of Commerce of Dublin, in favour of the Debtor and
Creditor Arrangerneat Bill. His Lordship shin moved the second !
reading of the Bill for the better 80mititration of justice in emit°. '
rate towns in Ireland.—The Rill was read a Nevoid time, and or-
' doted to be committed to-morrow (this day.)
Earl GROS%'ENOR. presented a petition from Dometsbires
praying for the abolition of negro slavery; which, after a few
observations from hie Lordship, was Lid on the table.
Adjourned at Sig o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, Mos!)AT, MAY 8.

AtTilBY SCHOOL.

Mr. HC3IE presented ;petitionito'tnWilliaM Wratteislan,
liming to be heard hy Counsel against the Bill for the Regulation
if the Fonts of the Rugby School.
Air. LAW LEY veld, there wee nothing improper in te Bill.
Mr. ELLId said, the Bill ought to be looked at with caution,
had be should tont: at It sauputowly.
• The Bill wee then ordered to be COMlTlittfli.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
• Lard A. HILL presented a petition from Bandon. tluildford,
Ned soother place, praying fur the abolition of negro slavery in
Colonies

DUTY ON Hops,
Mr. CL'RTEIS presented a petition train Mayfield, praying for
a repeal of the duty on hop!..___

• WINDED CORN.
Mr. DAVENPORT prribentrd • petition from Cnngleton, pray-
ing that a portion of tht Intenietl corn mirht he soki fr./ of duty,
for the relief of the dummied ruanufacturcrs.—Orderol to lie on
the table.

Mr. PELHAM presented $ petition from the county of Hunting-
don. against any alienation in the Corn Laws.
LICENSED V ICT UA LLERS.
Hr. H. DAVIS pregented a petiaitm front tha licensed yietuallers
of Bristol, against the lionising system.
ALE-HOUSES LICENSING BILL.

On the motion of Mr. JuaTCOLITIT. the name resolved itself
Into a Committee on the Ale-houses Licensing Bill, Which, after a
few words from Mr. Hcatr and Mr. t. PAl.mr.a. went through a
Committee. and the report was ordereof to be brought tip to-morrow.
Mr. HUME presented a petiLion from Jamts thorn% cumplain-
Jog ot the heenNing system.—ordered ID lie on the table.
