COVENT-GARDEN TIIEA7'RE.

This Ilvenitii. TUESDA T.
YID : Feb.l4. will beEll' Pell NrfoE. rmed the new Play or
TH/C NCH 1.11
The prinelpel Characters by Messrs. C. Keilible. Ward., Pewee. "d
Cooper; hlesdatnes Slomksn, Chatterley, said Glover.
- -•-• - • -- • • --

To eone:nde with the Musical Farce of
Hnol lIF.R AND sismit.
1),, sovio, Mr. Duru.et : Minna laidora, Min paten.
ENGLISH OPkRA HOUSE, STRAND,
!Wont, Waterloo Bridge.
To-morrow Evening. WEDNESDAY Feb. TS.
LECTURE ON AsTnoN(INIY, aND THE PINENOhIENA Of THE
14E4VICNS AND OF THE EARTII.•
To be delivered by Mr. BARTLEY on the IIEDNIsIiDAYE and FRI•
lit.VS Miring Lent. •
Begins at Seven—ennA,....

at Ma.

TO CO Rft ES PONDF;NTS. :- ' . --7'."-7- "
litribe
We hive retch-ea a coma actor.
us A iglltdi " Aft lit 4 P
The subject to whieb it reQrs has; we conceive!, now nil its frak
tereet. and therefore We must decline inserting it. he ',title
May have his 515 returned' by applicatior! at our Offitt..
..,„

Zile Svitifiti woo.,

Paissecsinthencedpubllsking yeatettlii reorning
at Iffe o'clock.

LONDON, itESDAY, FEsauAaY 14, 1866.

The litent.ts bf the hour at which the debate closed puts
it but of our poWer to do any reasonable justice t 9 the sub-
ject of it: we shall therefore postpone our remarks till to
morrow. It *ill be seen that the original Resolution wit
cafried by a majority of 193; there being Xri for the
solutiCrn and SD against it.

Last night we received the French pipers of Saturday
They contain the reply of the Chamber of Deputies to the
King's speech at the opening of the Chambers, which is
simply its echo, to which his Majesty returned :11
courteous answer.

The news from Grecc.: is most consolatory. On the ettl
of January Mil.: Lis and SAC/ITE:KY captured and dem
stroyed 18 ships of war, belonging to the Capitan
Net, at Ptiole, near Missolonglii.

The following are extracts :
[From the Monitettr of Satord*y.l

PA us, FF.9. N.

Medal Pdrt.
to-day, at hrif-put eight in the even:lnk, the grand deputstiod
of the Chamber of Deputies was admitted in the ustat form, W
present to his Majesty the Address Toted by the Chamber ih wo-;
ewer to the Speech frosn the throne.
M. Raves, the Preaidert, read the Address.

His Majesty answered Gentlemen, the expression of the
sentiments of the Chamber of Deputies has always a right pane:
trate my heart. I sec with satisfaCtion that It partakes in the plea:
sure which I feel, because the public prosperity gives 'rd
the means to assist the ministers of religion, and at Ma
same time to relieve my people from part of the burdens that lie
upon them. Believe, Gentlemen, that I know how to appreciate
your sentiments, and that I watch, as I have told you, over youi
interests. Place in me the confidence t venture to say which I hate
in you. If I thought that any inconvenience, that any public
misfortune, could menace us, be persuaded, Gentlemen, that I would
apply to you to obtain all the means. of prerehting whet might! he
contrary to the maintenance of our repose. Bur, meantime, bsi
a.surcd that I have my eyes always open to what is passing ; and
that, if I ask nothing of you, it is b.caug I feel myself strong
enough to repress those who oppose the public happiness. Cosa..
mence your ►abours with the confhlcnce of the honest man who dr.;
sires only the good of his counJy, and believe that it will be a ea.
tisfaction to me to see you thoroughly weigh the laws which will be
proposed to yen, and all of which will concur, at least, ns I bop;
to insure the prosperity of my people."
(Non-official Part.)
ZAXTI, JAN. 12.
(pats ATC coanssPoxbtxcE.)

The Greeks rise with an energy warthy of those glorious day!
when they proclaimed the reign of the cross. While some ambi-
tious dissidents go to foreign countries, far from the field of battle,
in which they never showed thtataelves, to intrigue and ask a mat-
.et fur their country, liliaulis and Sachtury immortalise the gloriot
flag which bears the august symbol of our redemption. On the Bth
of this month 18 ahipa of war belonging to the Capitan niches
fleet were taken, burnt, or driven ashore, at Vtiole near !Mew-
mnglii, and the rest of the enemy's ships have now taken refuge
under the cannon of the fortreftes of Lepanto and Patras. Our vie.
torious Greeks cruise of Cape Arose, in sight of the land and naval
farce( of the infidels, who seem struck with terror. Ibrahim
Puha, whose troops have been successively beaten on the north
coast of the Peloponnesus, and in the attack on Missolonghi, seems
to be quite confused and in alarming situation.
The embarrassment of the Egyptian Pacha has appeared inet-
plicalile. For some days past if has been said that Colocotroni ha 4.
Guide two unsuccessful attacks on Tripolizza, and that that
petrel had been since closely blockaded. The Turcophilea Of
Zente, who could not deny these facts, consoled themselves by
sayiug that the Egyptian squadron of Tripolizza, consisting of
2,500 disciplined troops, and well supplied with provisions, and
having Austrian and French artillerymen, enlisted by Generals
Boger and Livron, would holdout all the winter, and that in the
spring it might be relieved by fresh troops from Egypt. They lived in
this hope, when letters from the continent have informed us of the
taking of Tripolizza in the night of the 27ch December. Coleco-
ttoni, reinforced by four corntranicd of disciplined troops, taken
from the regiment of Colonel Fabvier, having blown up one of the
gates of Tripolizza, rushed into it at the head of 7,000 Greek(.
The combat was obstinate. The Egyptians and the negroes of
Darfour being driven into the castle, which is situated on an trni•
nence, were burnt alive there by Colocotroni's orders, by way or
reprisal fur the churches they thave burnt, the monks and priests
whom they have martyred, and the women and children whom they
have dragged into slavery. Thirty-six foreign officers, who escaped
from the flames, have been spared for the present to be carried about
front village to village, and exhibited as infamous apostates, who,
forgetting their name as C,l istians, had enlisted in the service of
the 'Finks, in all of whose crimes they have participated, and such
of those wretches as have survived this species of expiation, will be
thrown aboard the first vessel that will take chargiof them to be
carried back to Christendom.

In every law of regulation affecting a subject .of such
deep importance as the currency, whatever step is taken
should be made as gradual as possible in its operation, that
the mercantile community •iay not suffer in its intercstsi
by the suddenness of its effect,• but May accommodate
itself by degrees to the change. Ministers have therefore
acted wisely in not proposing to put an immediate end to
the circulation of one and two pound notes, lest by so
doing they might interfere too rashly with the natiomd
capital. The 7'imes is anxious, if possible, to conjure iv?
a spirit of opposition to that prudent policy on the part of
Government to which we advert.

.4 When it is consilltred," says this Journal, " that the
first total suspension of Bank payments in cash was but fur
the short period of thirteen weeks, and that it was after-
wards protracted for nearly a quarter of a century, it is
impossible but that considerable distrust must be both felt
and expressed respecting the certainty of the final recal of
this smaller paper fry, the one and two pound country
notes, when the very act for their suppression begins by
allowing of their continuance for three years. The cir-
culation of these notes is allowed on all hands to be au
evil in itself, and the cause of many other evils; yet it is
to be endured, according to Mr. ROBINSON'S proposition,
till February 1829. The very act of tracing the figures
of SO distant a date almost makes the hand tremble."
The trite common-place language of censure is worth
nothing at any time, or on any subject, when accompanied
by such reasoning as may, at least, seem to justify it ; it has
its value, inasmuch as it leads to inquiry, but when vague
and unsupported, as in the present instance, it leads tr
nothing. Ministers have diftieulths enough to encounter•
and whether they may succeed or fail in overcoming them,
they have, throughout the whole of the proceedings, ma-
nifested an earnest desire to act on the principles of an
enlarged and liberal justice towards that system from
which they are desirous to depart. They consider the
extinction of the smaller notes essential to the retention of
gold and silver in the country u the circulating medium ;
but they would do great violence to public cretlie"-st a
crisis too whets it can ill sustain an attack—were they to
extinguish these notes forthwith, without giving the
Country Bankers doe time to prepare themel'es with the
means of providing the necessary resources. To attelis:t
