ABOLITION (f the SLAVE TRADE by SPAIN.

THE KING.

The intrednetion of negro slaves into America
was one of the first mesuntres which soy predecessors
awhile,' for the support and prosperity of those
"it relotmlo, mem afler their discovery. The iin-
poomihilsiy of 'miming the Indians to engage in
trivia users'', though labours, arising from
their ciotooplete ileisorance of 111 w couiroliesicies of life,
Ned the very small priogres4 they had made in the
arts of social esistence, require,' that the working
Of the Untie*, Nutt Ilia cultivistino of the soil. al Id
be ftrilluittled to hands more ruhrist and active than
t !nor%
measure, which did not create slavery, hot
Holy took advantage of that which existed through
the barbarity ur the Africans, by saving from &nth
heir prisomeos. sand alleviating their sad condition,
far from Iwiiig prejudicial to the stegroea transported
to America, rotilerrvil upon their! tigt only the
incom par able -
Messing of being warm:tell iii the
koowledge of the trite God, mad of the only reli-
t:l9o isi which the Supreme Being desires to be
',dwell by Isis erosion'''. but likewise all 14r ed!...-
lige, which 'ice 'salty civilization, without soh-
3eetaig Owen iu their state of servitude to a harder
coalition ikon that which they endive(' in freedom,
when free its their melee country. Nevertheless,
the novelty or this system demanded prudence Ot its
execution, null thus it happened that the alembic.
ti oral:rib staves into Americo depended always
on particul .r liceoses, which my predecessors grant-
ed according; in circunistances of places and times,
till the era when mitraiireil slaves was generally iwr-
mittril, tell, in national and foreign wool.. h' the
Royal Proclamations of the eatli of September,
1759. Ilw lith of Aprils 1798, and :4, ezd of A uril,
180-1. in each Or which thwaltffereist places for.their
inlitelliettiott erre determined. All this clearly
oviiiced that the l'lsriernin wisdom of my predeces-
sors consielt r-s 1 always these pmvisimis as exceptions
tv the law, tail dependent on van:style coodif
A I'lioni4ll the Leo me granted the 22,1 of April.
131 J, hall ono expired when Divisor nonviolence re-
stored me to the Omni, to which it bad drstiaril 111 r,
nod of which st,l unjust usurper hail ly
iv tempted to ifepi ive sow. the chstiorlianees and dia-
semimow my Americo, dominions, dining
any idetence. • livid my sovereign often-
tom ; and invilitsitiog tocessatilly Ott the most ap-
'animate weans of re-establithing good order iu
thew reatate paws a, moil giving Ilwin all the
vociiii-ageneroit of which tlwy are capable, I Nava tint
b 11.1%; 111 iiereeivaig, that the ciecuonstances
Lid toil:it:ad uty eredecesmors to permit the traffic
in slaves on the coa.ls of Africa, cud their itstro-
i'iletion into both Americas, had entirety changed.
Iv these trotioces the tiontLer of indigetious
has iiic;easvd prodigiously. and even *that
• f free Itrgreirl, %littler the Itselt.rtit. o care
Liihl Gliverotorsit unit the Christian riuntaanity of
tile Spanish proprietors ; the number of the white
inhabitants Las likeatse Isrea much augmented,
nil the climate is not %low so prejudicial to the
latter, its it was before the soil was cleurtul iit wood
: mil nit jelled to coltivoion. The ailvatistitge, like-
v a Inch resulted to the inhabitants of Africa I-
lls it tiaiisi °elution to a country, 1. nub
I 41%V sa urgent or exclitsive, since son eitlightened
vottoin loos undo takeii the glorious task of civilising
in their ()wit land. At the s tine lime the ge-
ss. -es progress of improvement in Europe, and the
sjiiiit of buiremity shah tkrected its late traits-
actions its restoring the political edifice which the
niukeilisess of a usurped Government had shaken
to lid foundation, have excited. ammo; EtlrOpenll
Stivertignr,- a desire to see this traffic abolished ;
an .I at the Cosigress of Vienna., mgreriog on the
iirc:ssay of the they ocetipird them-
selves to foribialing its execution by the most
emivable negociatiiiim with those Powers which hid
sr limier, meeting in me that disposition which become
sir laudable 1111 lestakilig. T 40.! considerutiom
sitoired my Royal staid sir iiiforni itself from en-
-I,:zhirited itersolis, Ze/111/11% for the Forlornly or my
states, on the e fit cla ',bid' the abolition of the
traffic tomb' produce soil thrill. I 1.1%111.4 seen their
reports, and desirous to anon ceriatoity In a multi s
m•rso grave impost:nice, I transmitted them to my
Commit of lite India, sill% me Royal order of die
14. it of Jane. I 5.13, that it. might coin ttttttt icate to
I its ilisiosiou and advice. II icing culls clyti gill
.eye clues's% 1114106.16, Ullll hot stag t 'tutu used 1111:
propo•itiost abide the proper Stiptente Tribunal
yid berme inr in its deliberation of the h of Fr.
binary. 19 16, onswering to the cooliilence elk!' 1
ii.pose in it, and coiuciding a itli its opinion re-
Not:ties; the abolition of the bailie in slaves, and
co-operating with the King of Great Britain by a
'all nett Ite:sly, e inbrociiig oil the points of recipto-
cal interests involved its this important transaction,
and di kr Ong that the time for the H 1,0116011 was.
arrived, the interests of my A into icau Stales being
iinly ricinicileti with the sentiments of my Royal
mail, and the wishes if all the Sotereigns, toy
1•,it:1141s and allies, I have decreed as follows ;
Art. I.—r m this slay forward 1 prohibit all my rubjecls,
lattit to the Peninsula and in Anirona. (ruin going to buy
IS.IIIH'S 011 the CIIIIIPiII of Mesca, sous ii, or the laws.
Hall IN'S ti h 4.1 may be hau;lsi on the said coasts shall be de.
4145.51 Gtr its Ilse lost port ut ray elonsitsions, al which the
isi w loch ths y ttri irsessporied slasll mime. The ship it-
s. If. toe: thi r aide the remainder of its cargo, shall lie confis-
est. it to the Ituyal Treasury, and the purchaser, she Captain,
the Mast. g-, alsl fist, bloat be irrevocably coaskmacd WWI
year's icAtolosstatiott to able
Art. 2 —TEe al..ere pusishareat does not snob to the
Trsokr, the Captain, the Master, and Pilot of the vessels,
a Welt ni cot Irons any pore or soy dominions, for she roast
of north of the Ltur, het.se the 22J of November of
sh.. p. tot ,it year,lo "'herb 1 part, hunks, an extensiust of
stet mouths, comatiug fruits the shots date,tu complete their
a;wilitiou.

.Artsek 3.—num the 30th of May, 1620, I equally pro.
I.lk, all my snhj. rts, as well in the Peninsula as in America,
from going to purchase negroes stony thaw parts of the coast
of A (*.Km shell are to the south ut the Lim., order the same
pen:Otis a imposed in the first artick of this Jeerer: allowing
I.kr wig' the apace of five mouths from the above date to com-
plete the voyages that may be undertaken before the above.
measiorer.i 3illla of May, in which the traffic in slaves shall
erase in all soy doinisious, as well in Spain as in America.
Art. 4 —llene rho, using the pernsissiani which I vast
141 th. 30d. of May, 1020, to purchase slaves um that part
of the coast of Afr.ca which has south of the bee, shall
mat Ire allorc.l So carry more slaves thus five to two toms of
the tonnage of flair vessel : and say persona cunt in;
'Li. el .:tetanal shall be subjected to the penalty of luring all
tic .t sea oo ward, who shall be deviated Ave at the tint
port of ivy ot•IITINI.1114 in whirl the ship arrives.
Art. h —lbia computation is made without a reference to
Om., aka may he lean during She sugar, ur Su those who
0..) lo.sert•o; no hoard IN sailors 1,1 oervants.

A.I G rut( eZII vessels which nosy awspint Negroes tr.IJ
