THE BRITISH PRESS.

--- .
debt was at a high premium Exchequer bills were not easily so be
bought up. There was more difficulty In the opera:ion that, the
lion. Gentleman seemed to imagine. tinder such circumstances
no person was willing to fund, and it would not be dented that it
steroid be very bad economy to do so. (Hear, hear.) Indeed he
felt assure) that if he had done so he would have been more severely,
and certainly mote justly lashed for doing so titan lie had been for
pursuing a contrary course ( Heta. hear, hear). In the ',car
11124 it would have been grossly inconsiment to have turtles! Ex-
chequer bills at the very time they •vere reducing the Four per
Cents. The latter measure might have bees imprudent or unwise,
but surely nothing enald be more inconsistent than to adopt a mea-
sure winch would have the effect of lowering 'hone fonds, the ele-
vation of which was ahsoluteiy necessary to effect the object which
Government had in view of reducing the Four per Cents. Not-
withstanding
this, however. something had been done in the way of
funding Exchequer bills. Owing to the improvement In 1823 such
a reduction had been in the deficiencies as brought them to a very
small sum indeed. The nature of those deficiency bills required
some explanation, which he would give in a few words. A portico
of the expenditure of the country was paid quarterly. The Inte-
rest on the debt WAS so paid, as was also the civil hat, and other
matters unnecessary to enumerate, all of which were charged to the
Consolidated Fund, which was composed of the taxes of the court.
try. Those inlet were paid into the Exchequer every day. and ex-
ceeded in a considerable ratio the quarterly charges made upon I
them. The greater portion of those charges would not access until
the end of the quartet, and the sums paid daily in the shape of
taxes lay In the hands of the Bank, to their interest and profit. It
wax deemed advisable, however, that the public should have the
advantage of these sums of money, and in exact proportion as those
balances accrued, the amount of dividends then accruing was di-
minished in consequence of en arrangement which had been en-
tered into. The balances which remained in the Exchequer wine
advanced to the Bank for the purchase of Exchequer bills, which
sometimes led to a deficiency at the close of the quarter. From
this circumstance arose those bills, which were denominated de •
isiencies. Il'hen the revenue came In rapidly, of coarse there was
no occasion for those bills. Money came in so fast in the year to
which he had alluded, that in the year following (1824) they had
been enabled to diminish the uncomic(' debt by means of the
growing produce of the coonolidated fund. It was his intention to
imply four millions to the diminution of the floating debt, and the,
Hon. Member would doubtless recollect that lie had approved of
that measure when he had But propelled it. In January he lied
appropriated one million 1/0 that pitypose, In March he had mini-
lady appropriated smother.. and Lt Jul a third. In the year 1825
three millions had been paid to the public for Exchequer bills, so
that that debt had been reileced six millions siuce the month of
October. 11123. Vile he thought was a sufficient proof 'lint his
Majesty's Ministers had not been so Inattentive as had been
charged by the lion. Gentleman (Hear, hear). T'ae him was,
that in January last the defickmey bills would have amounted to
scarcely anything if it had not been for those three millions which
had been paid for Exchequer bells. He trusted he had clearly
shown that the lion. Gentleman was not warranted in the impute-
does which lie had thrown nut. He might have been disposed to
have gone farther, but that he would nit anticipate that which
he had to state on Monday next : still he could not resume
his seat without remarking, that if indeed the finances of the
country had been mismanaged, the lion. Member might have
pursued a more open course titan that which be had adopted.
If that whiclrthe Honourable Member had stated was well. found-
eel, it was evident that he (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) was
not qualified for the situation which he held. (Hear, hear.) lie'
could assure the Hon. Member diet he had no such vehement
anxiety for holding office as he might suppose. (Hear, hear, hear.)
He thought he was not hinny dealt with by the Hon. Gnitiernan
when he brought forward such a charge as a mere amendment—a
charge which involved a direct censure upon himself and upon his
colleagues (Hear, hear, hear.) Ile regretted that he should have
taken such a roundabout method of arraigning any portion of his
conduct. He should be extremely sorry it the House were to de-
cide upon such a question upon a mere point of form ; be would
much rather that it should form its judgment upon the merits of
those transactions; and If the lion. Gentleman could prove his
charges, he would for hit own part submit with all proper humility
to the opinion of the House. (Loud cheers.)
Ale. HOME said that he hail Leen in expectation that the Right
Hon. Gentleman who had just set down would have proved the in-
correetnem of the statement of his Honourable Friend (Mr. Ma-
berly), but lie had not done so. The Huh. Member fur Abingdon
wished to ascertain the exact value of the debts, annuities, and
other public securities, on the let of January, 1819, and their
value also on the f•li of January. 1826, in order to draw a
fair comparison, as any ore might do in his own immediate con- '
cerns, in order to know if he stood better with the world as he
advanced in years. If he Cdr. Hornet() wed a number ofaiebts,
and any friend of his wished to pay them off, surely there could '
be no fallacy in his requesting that a calculation might be made of
their total value, in order that he might be enabled to liquidate them.
He would suppose that he had formed a sinking fund in 1019, for
the payment of bit debts, find having gone on till 1826, still
finding himself headed withlannuities and bond debts, surely there'
cmid bn no fallacy in wishing to see if he was not less in debt in the
latter year than in the former. If in the course of those years he '
had borrowed an additional sum of money, of course that should I
be taken into the acet.unt ; and if, fur instance the debt of twenty
thousand pounds of 1819 should have Increased to twenty- I
two thounatai poends, sure it was only natural that lie
should inquire how that came past, nor could he conceive bow 1
such an attempt would lead to confusion. This was the object of
his lion. Friend as regarded the finances of the country, end for
his own part he only regretted that he had not carried his motion
as far back as the year 11.117, when the Exchequer of England and
Ireland had first become united. By the returns of the accountant-
general, it arpeared that the total value of every incunubrance
which Great Britain had to discharge was, in the year 1819, no
less than 032,136,44 n/. the interest of which amounted to 249,67,3001.
Now what he meant to show was, that no less than nineteen mil-
lions el surplus taxation hail been swallowed up. lei order to do
so he would not burthen the House with the calculations for each
year, but would state to them at once the calculations for January
1828. By the returns of the azcoimtant•general it appeared
that the present value of the incumbrancen of the country
was 803.7832821. bahtngan increase of 61,646.8361. The interest
had increased horn 23,176,01t0L to 31,398,0110/. If therefore the
debts of the country be greater than they were in 1819, what, he
desired to know, had become of the surplus revenue of the coun-
try, and tie money which had been borrowed ? It was impossible
to ascertain anything with satisfaction from the manner i'l which
the accounts were at present carried on. In the year 1819 the'
taxes had been increased to the amount of three millions, for •
the purpose of increasing the sinking fund, at which period
it was calculated that in ten years, by proper management,
it would amount to seventy millions. Instead of this happy
consummation, however, it turned out that every operation only '
tended to plunge the country deeper in its embarras.tmento. In
1822 the Bank of England advanced a loan of thirteen millions'
to Government, fur which they received three per cent. stock,
which, being then only at 73, it followed that a serious loss I
accrued to Government. The Commissioners fur the Manage-
ment of the Sinking Fund subsequently paid 951. for every 11101.,
for which 1001. the country, bad received only 731. • Here was a
tremendous loss-_a lost which called loudly upon the House to'
insist upon having a simple• and precise method of supplying the
accounts of the finances Of the country. In order to show the, pre-
posterous state of the present acunonts submitted to the Hotline,
he would quote the amount of the taxation of Great Britain during
' the last eight years. In the year 1313 the amount of taxation was
57 millions, the expenditure of that year amounted to AB millions,
leaving a balance against the country of one million. In the year
• 1819 the amount of taxation WIN 59 millions, time expenditure 574
millions, leaving a batence in favour of the country of 14 millions.
In 1320 there was a balance in favour of the country of 2 millions.
He would not take up the time of the House by going through every
year, it being sufficient for his put pose to state that the entire surplus
in favour of the country for the eight years amounted to 19 millions.
Thesurplus capital could of course be the only uvailablesinking fund,
and yet the Commissioners for the sinking turd had bought and sold
to an enormous amou n t beyundthat sum, as 'tight be seen by the paper
which he held in his hand. In 1817 their transactions amounted
to 14.6011.030/.; 11118 to 15,. 1,11011/. ; 1819 to 16,090.0011/.; 18211
to 17,090.110 U; hal 0
.11„0:19/. ; 1822 to 18,000.0001. ; 1823
ti
to 7,000.001,/.; 1t724 o 10„0014. Thus It appeared that they'
had bought and sold to tliesmount of 115 millions, while they
had never more than nineteen millions real surplus taxation. In
calculating the surplus taxation at nineteen millions he excluded
two items. One was the Austrian re-payment of NO 8011/. and the
other a payment of 2,9011,009/. from the East India Company.
This statement he thought Cully supported that which his lion.
Friend had endeavoured to impress upon the House. Ile thought
he had completely made out his case. He wished to make
a few observations as to the mismansgement of the unfunded
debt, and he . could not help declaring the regret he felt at the
emnettion winch existed between the Government and the Bank of
England. IViiiie viewing the edicts of paper litotes upon the
country, he was of opinion that they should not keep out of view
the issue of Exchequer bills. He knifed to call the attention of
the House to the year 11111, at which pnriud the outstanding Ex.
chequer bills amounted to 41) millions. him the year 11118 there had
been an issue of li ininlione of Exchequer bills additionally, mak-
ing in all in, the year no Ina am 61 millions of Exchequer bills
outstanding, thereby deluging the country with that description of
paper. In the year 1819 they were reduced to 48 'Mittens includ-
ing the deficiencies, no that a large portion had been paid Or by
borrowing; but this continual and great variation in the isnueof
those Exchequer bills, tended amazingly to the enentiragement of
gambling. Since the year 1819 Exchequer bills had materially
decreased in quantity. The Right Honourable Gentleman had
asked why hit Honourable, Friend (Mr. Maberly) had not cons.
plßined that no petition of'Exchequer Bill. had been funded in
1825. to which lie would reply that lie had in fad pressed hint
to do s.t in that very year.
'l' he CH iNCELLOR of' the EXCHEQUER said across the
table that that was in 1823.

Alt, He E said that hi; Hen. Friend had not alluded at all to
the year 11;23. For his own part, so far from objecting to their
being funded in the year 1t123, he had said, and doubtless the Right
Honourable Oentlenian would recollect the circumstance, that the
money market was so chocked up with Exchequer bills, that
upon the first an7ry con being fired against this country by
any of the Continental pores, the a hole fabric must go to pieces.
The fats expressed last year by his lion. Friend the 3leinbtr far
Abingdon and by himself had bean fully realised. leer the Mi-
nisters be prepared for war, in case it should be necessary, without
having recourse to ruinous loans. On the grounds which he had
tasted. he thought the Member for Abinvion had dune extremely
tight in bringing this subject before the House in the manner he
hod dote. It would havebeen better, perhaps, if his Ho:mutable
Friend had brought forward a xpecitic motion containing a charge
ugsitist 31it.istent. That is *lief he (Mr. flume) would have dime

under similar circumstances ; but.at all events the Hon. Member
for Abingdon hid done himself great credit, and Ind done the
country great benefit, by exposing the niismanagernent which ex.
hated, and the great loss that would accrue to the country from such
a system. He should therefore support his motion, anti vote with
him if he called for a division. _

Mr. Al ABERLY replied. His main object was to explain
the dtWerence between the amount of the debt in 1819 sod 1812;
in this he had succeeded. He was not, therefore, disposed to press
the resolutions.
EVACUATION OF SPAIN.

The amendmellt being withdrawn, the original question was
about to be put, when
_ _

Sir It. W I LS' tN rose. He said he was anxious to put a ques-
tion to the Hight lion, the Secretary for Foreign Affairs, upon
subject which, in his opinion, nearly concerned the honour and se-
curity of this coontry. In answer to a similar question to that
which he was now about to put, the Hight lion. Gent. had last
year stated that the French army would have evacuated the fort.
teases of Spain before the kingdom of Naples should have been
evacuated by the Austrian troop.. The Spanish forttew.es were
still In possession of the French troops, however, and as the delay
of this promised measure of reformation was in opposition to all
the principles of good faith, and was, in fact, a breach of the law
of nations, lie begged to inquire from the Hight Hon. Secretary
whether any thing definite had been settled as to the period when
the (brume' of Spain should be evacuated by the French, and in
particular the port anti tortress of Cadiz.
Mr. Secretary CA NNINII said he had no objection to put the
Right lion. Gentleman in possession of all the iaformation he
had on the subject of the occupation of the Spanish fortresses
by the troops of France. It was impossible, however, to follow
the order of the questions put by the lion. Gentleman, who had
contrived to introduce arguments of great political importance,
which this was not the time to enter upon. This much, however,
he might lay, that the Hon. Gentleman could not be more anxious
for the evacuation of the Spanish fortresses by the. French troops
than was the Government of France. As to the period fixed for
the evacuation, he was not enabled to state it precisely. lie knew
that this consummation had been delayed and prevented In conse.
(mime of some miserable paltry attacks made on the French gar-
risons. Theie attacks were as loose and es feeble in execution, as
they were mischievous in their results. But from all that had
come to his knowledge, he would repeat. that he was completely
convinced, as an individual, and as a Minister, that the French
o,evernment wished the French troops nut of ;.ipato as anxiously as
the. Hon. Gentleman, or any other individual could. Mena)
The original question was then agreed to.
COM M I TTEE OF SUFFIX.

The House then resolved itself into a Committee of Rap*.
After a few prefatory observations, Mr. HER It lES proposed
that a sum not exceeding 420,0001. be granted to defray the ar-
my extraortlinarier for the year.
Mr. HUME objected to some of the items. He complained that
the estimate for Sierra Leone was extravagant. A war was carry.
it.g on there, no one knew wherefore. That colony was en immense
expense to the country. It cost a great deal of money and many
lives, and lie thought Ministers should consider well before they
resolved to burthen this country with taxes for the support of such
a colony. Ile hoped that upon mature reflection his Majesty's Mi-
nisters would think better of it, and not permit 27,04)0!. w be ex-
pended on the building of barracks in this colony ; and also money
spent on the building of churches and other establishments. as if
this colony was to be placed on the same footing of permanency as
if it was a part of Ireland. The establishment in Ileligoland too
scented monstrously expensive. Ile did not know why Colonel
Heave's name was introduced into this estimate; there was also a
sum paid to Major Ekeralcy which he could not understand, and
on which he was anxious for some information. There was one
other item in this account to which he wished particularly to call
attention ; it was the charge of 11,04 k)!. for the transport of specie,
being the aggregate paid to the commanding officers of his Ma-
jesty's ships for that service. This was a charge made by the offi-
cers of our navy, which he did not find was allowed in any other
country. In this particular account he observed one item which
appeared quite enormous. It was the sum of 1,1371. paid to Capt.
C. Hope, for taking charge of a quantity of silver to !relent'.
Th's sum of 1,1371. was paid as a kind of per ceatage on 131,000/.
carries.' in his Majesty's shipltrisk to Ireland. In his (Mr. Hume's)
opinion. the Commanders of the King's ship, were bound to take
charge of coin when necessary ; and at all events he could not help
thinking, that 1,1371. was too great a remuneration fur the trouble
of tilting a sum of money so short a voyage as to Ireland. He did
not think it was at all necessary to bribe the Captains of English
met.of-war by these allowances, to do what was only their duty.
He understood the money might have been carried half the
way, to the sea coast, in waggons, at a very trifling expense, at
half the expense which the country paid to its own officers for
taking money in the country's own ships. Ile could not con.
elude these observations without remarking, that on the whole the
estimate which lie held in his hand was the most satisfactory
he had ever seen in that House: there were in it fewer items
requiring explanation. Thos notch he felt bound to state, though
he thought the items to which he had alluded did require some ob-
servations. _ _

Mr. IiERRIES felt happy to afford the lion. Member for
Montrose all the information in his power to give. The sumo put
down to the officers whose name* were mentioned by M. Hume
referred to a past periOd, and were in fact arrears of salary. There
were other names entered in this estimate, which if known soon
enough would have been entered in the army emigrates, and pro.
posed by the lion. Gentleman at the head of that depirtment.
With respect to the charge made for the conveyance of specie, it
formed a part of the remuneration which was always bestowed on
officers engaged In that service. It was not intended so mush as a
remuneration for trouble as for risk. There sometimes occurred •
deficiency, and the officer was then obliged to make It up.' In a late
case there was a deficiency of no less a suns than 0001. for which It
was impossible to account. The service therefore was not one with-
out risk, and the per tentage was given rather as a payment for
insurance than a reward for the performance of a duty.
TRAFFIC OF SLAVES.

Sir R. WILSON sald that as Sierra Leone bad been referred tn,
he hoped he might be permitted to call the attention of the Right
Honourable Ozotleman opposite, to a subject in which the in.
terests of humanity sere deeply concerned. Ile alluded to the
traffic in slays carried on between the coast of Africa and the
Brazils. By treaty this traffic was to cease in four years ; but he
understood that there was no regulation as to the number of slaves
put on board vessels ; and he was assured by gentlemen who had
seen those ships, that a more disgusting and horrible sight could
not be than they presented. The merchants were only anxious to
fill their vessels, without any regard to the lives or health of the un.
fortunate persons on board. He merely wished to direct the atten-
tion of the Hight Honourable Gentleman opposite to the subject,
in order that some regulation might be made that would insure a
greater degree of comfort to the slaves during their Passage.
COMMISSARIAT DEPARTMENT.
Mr. II ERRIES moved that a sum not exceeding 390,765/. bq
granted fur defraying the expenses of the Commissariat De.
pertinent. _ _ _

31r. 111.'31 E said that this estimate had Increased since last year.
In fact we had now come back to the scale of 111'22 with the army
and all ether accounts. We had to pay ali the annuities to which
the country wan then liable; and if a vacancy occurred, it was
tilled by a new appointment, contrary to an express pledge made
on the subj,ct. We were now worse i4l than ever as to ex.
penset. There were no less than fifty persons to keep the Com-
missariat accounts. In Sierra Leone and Senegambia, there were
six CJlntaissaries to keep the accounts of about 1,000 men.
There was a superabundance of these Officer, all through the
colonies. Such establishments were suflicient to ruin any country.
In Ireland there war a corps of waggoners, which he understood
were of no use whatever ? lie should wait to learn something upon
this point before he proceeded further.
Mr. HERMES said tine difference of amount between the
estimate of thin year and the last, arose from a difference in the
price of provisions. There was a considerable rise in the prices of
bread, meat, anti forage towards the close of last year, and the
estimate in consequence was deficient. The estimate for this year
exceeded the last in proportion, as the deficiency last year exceeded
the estimate. An to the supposed superabundance of the Commis.
asriat Stall; he had some personal experience, and could assure the
House that no reduction could take place consistent with the pub.
lie service. The Treasury were so scrupulous tut thil head that
they had made a reduction, which they found to be toogreat. The
demands from the different corps made it necessary to make
some increase, and this accounted for the increase pointed out by
the Hon. Member for Montrose. In Canada there were out stations
where money and provisions were to be taken rare * and if the
lion. Gent. thought this servlce could be as well performed by the
army as by responsible officers, he was greatly mistaken. The
inevase of commisaioners in the Affican colonies was to be ascribed
to another cause, which it was melancholy to advert to. It was
often found necessary to send out two officers to fill tiresome situa-
tion, aa it was well known, that when an officer ass sent to the
Gold Coast, he war lost entirely, being scarcely able to reckon on
his life for more than two months.
SIERRA LEONE.

Mr. C. H. HUTCHINSON thought it necessary to call the se-
Hulas attention of the House to the state of shut colony, in come-
q tielice of what hail fallen from the Hon. Gent. who had joy, sat clown,
and who had stated that it was necessary to send two officer* to till
each department, as it was impossible to reckon upon the contitim
ante of lite for a longer period than two months. Ile wan quite
awareof the important benefit to he derived from the maintenance of
colonies, but he thought it was infatuation for Ministers to retain a
colony like this, the character of which was described by the Hon.
Gent. (Mr. Henries.) This was not a question olopposition feeling.
but of humanity; for Ministers should account to their country and
their God, for the expense of money and the ruin of human lite
which this colony called for. If this colony were absolutely neces-
sary, he would allow that it might be reasonable to maintain it at
any expense, but there were abundance of colonies which lie thought
winild suit all our purposes as well as Sierra Leone. He thought,
before the Committee rose, some plelge should be given, that
it wits meant to abandon this abominable colony; at least some
reason should he given for retaining a colony so detriniental to
human !lA, and an burdensome to the country.
Mr. W. HORTON said that the lion. Gent. (Mr. Hutchinson)
seemed to think this colony was pr served from the mere abstract
love of colonies. No such thing. This country was bound by a
solemn treaty to maintain that colony in order to facilitate the abo-
lition of the Slave Trade. (Hear, hear.) There were at present
111,000 liberated slaves in the colony of Sierra Leime. He lamented
the sacrifice of human life in that colony as much as any man could
do. but he thought the abandonnient of that colony was a subject
'thick required serious deliberation. (Hear, hear.) A commission
had been sent out to the cairns, by his Majesty's Government, and
clip result of their inquiries would he laid before the House.
Whatever was the mortality in that colony, he thought the house
would agree with hint, that the sudden abuudonmeut of it was not

compatible with the duties of Ministers. Before a few months had
elapsed, ample lotorinatMn Its to the state of the colon, would he
laid before the House, and it was then for the House to decals
whether it should be r.u.i i n ell or abandoned. (Hear.)
TIIE SLAVE TRADE. •
Mr. BENETT said that hitherto there had been no oppartunit.
for discussing the policy of retaining Sierra Leone, and he
le:,
glad such an opportunity was at hand. in a financial point tf
view this colony was a
.gretit expense. There were two quest'upe
connected with this subject. First, whether any cokmy-op the
coast of Africa was necessary ? and, secondly, whether another re.,
lony could not be established not liable to the sante objealietto
There was another subject to Which he could not avoid author
This colony, it was said, was maintained at an enormous expen,;*
and with such a drain of human lite, for the purpose of faciihcin,
the abolition of the slave trade ; yet he believed the slave trade is;
going on with accumulated horrors. Ile understood that continue'
representations were made by our Ambassador at Paris to the
French Government, but that those representations were little et.
tended to. He hoped the Right lion. Secretary would condestantl
to afford hint smhe information on this point. Ile as, a sinter,
abolitionist. but, addressitqc himself to those particularly. Intevestrd
in that question, he would ask whether such vast expeuses should
be continued when there was no prospect of putting down the
traffic ?

Mr. Secretary CANNING said that all the Him. Geodeic:l
had stated, as to the reluctance which foreign powers manifested to
co-operate with us in putting down this traffic was generally true
Up to a late period it was true of the French Government ;-b.,
lately that Government had shown a sincere desire to carry into etcci
the professions and assurances which were so often given on rho
:subject. They had given one test at least of their sincerity, fte.
petted informations had been given that ships were fitting out o
the port of Sentra, to be employed in the slave trade; at lee
the information was brought home as to one vestal in that port
which was shout to be engaged in that traffic, and this vessel woo
seized by order of the French Government. This was the foal
instance that had occurred ; but the seizure of one of their am
ships was certainly a inanifeiration of the sincerity Mahe heed
Governmen' which induced him to hope for the hest result,, Ijp
Majesty's Government hail been indefatigable in their attention to
this subject. They had with much difficulty obtained so codes
from the Government in Spain to he sent nut to the (levgnor g
Cuba. lie would only say obtained ; but if this order to the
Governor was carried into execution it would leave nothing to Isiah
as far as the Spanish Government was concerned. their, hear).
Mr. HUME suggested to the House its paying attentiou to the
statements of Sir G. Collier, who had depicted the'resl state of
Sierra Leone. He bel eyed it would he found that the benevolent
intentions of certain individuals, instead of having been productive
of the results anticipated, hod met will a complete reverse. These
measures hail certainly added very little to the civilization of in,
African. From the report of Major Laing it appeared that two
years ago there WAS no trace to be found of an European hating Kt
his foot 20 miles inland. What would the House soy when they
considered that the population of Sierra Leone amonnted to ore
million eight hundred thousand, and yet that they could not rano
sufficient colonial produce to support themselves, but actually
imported ? Frain the same source it was ascertained also that they
were in a state of the most complete ignorance. The House was
not to be led away with the idea that they were improving the eon.
dition of this colony. His oonvicilon was that they were materially
adding to the amount of human misery : and he protested against
Government laving out another pound in support of this place
Mr. wiLmor HORTON thought the question was whether
they could not, by some alteration in the system, make this celery
profitable and worth preserviug ? lie thought it unwise to talk if
abandoning it till this was ascertained. The law did not permit
them at present to use coercion, by means of which he thought
conaiderable advantage would be gained.
Mr. SYKES lamented as much os the Hon. Member fir Cork
the large expenditure there had been of human lice; but be would
ask, were there no other Colonies in which there had been In equal
sacrifice? Unless the /lon. Member was disposed to look ably to
those Colonies kept up with a view to forwarding the nbolitioa
of slavery, he would refer him to those kept up for the mune-
nance of slavery. in the West Indies the expenditure off human
life bad been immenae. In 172fi, when large armaments ,rere tent
out, it was well known that in the course of one year half of them
died. He did not, on that occasion, recollect any patticula :lamen-
tations; and he thought it unfair that the present instant shoeld
have been particularly selected by the lion. Member.
Mr. HUME said he observed there was I large want al corps
attached to the commissariat of Ireland, and he wished to know
why it was kept up ?
Mr. HERRIES replied that it was pan of the Army E itimmee.
The commissariat of Ireland had been different from that 01 Eng.
land. It was found to be necessary to convey meat ano other
stores from one place and another to the commissariat.
This vote wts then agreed to.
On a vote of 98,278/. being proposed for the Colonies,
Mr. HUME objected to the increase of salary of the H Dine
Foreign Secretaries.
Mr. W. HORTON said it had already been explained that
there was a necessity for an increase of the establishment. Theft
had been an additional number of clerks engaged, which at punted
for the increase it the charges.
air. HUME said the additional number of clerks VMS 'required
in consequence of the numerous cumolaints of some or ;he ha
vermin of the Colonies. The time of the offices was thus' taken up
improperly. He thought; it would hod:seam SC when rich eon.,
plaints were received from slay to day, Ministers were to withdraw
the Governors; for Ministers might be sure these complal, )ts would
dot be continually made unless considerable oppreasions 'sera el.
perienced.
Mr. W. HORTON said there was nothing more easy ;hen for
the Hon. Member for Montroae to make these sweeping charges.
He agreed with him that the most popular mode, on such charges
being made, would be to turn the Governors out r bear) g but he
thought the better, the more just course was, not. to re: love any
public functionary till inquiry was instituted. In teferenr ato the
necessity for incretaing :he establishment, ler the liOUlte ree Ilect that
there were thirty.four Colonies. Was not this calculated io crests
inconvenience ? But he never heard the Hon. 3lember ente !into the
principle of legislation ; he never met it in a statesman.] jke man.
ner. In 18iki there were only fourteen folio of papers reign red ; but
last year this had increased to 2,01.17 which involved an e: :penis of
4,000/.

Mr. Hi'3ll: in reply to the assertion that he maa• Iwapht
ehargea, would state that for the last five years he had be in odes.,
younsig to get a reform of the colonial abuses. What he objectid
to was, that the Government, instead of listening to the. charges
made against the Governors. sided with them against the t olontsu.
Mr. Secretary CANNING said, every reasonable complaint he
was sure, on the general principle, ought en be attended and it
appeared to him that the Hon. Member had not rebutted theatre.
nation against him of having made sweeping charges when be
stated that the thivertiment defended the Governors in t pposition
to the colonists.

9,13001. was then agreed to, to make good certain defici facies ira
the ileum Department.

PENITENTIARY.

On 20,000/. being moved torthe Milbank Penitentiary-.
Mr. COMM/ RNE wished to knew the state of the het: Ith tithe
inmates of this prison, having herd that they generally wore the
aspect of ill-health. He had also heard that they were so ejected to
more confinement than was necessary to their security.
Mr. 110LFORD could remove the alarm of his Hon. Friend;
the prisoners were in a state of perfect health. and wore a very dif-
ferent street from that imagined. Out of 100 prisoners. not mere
than live had been ill during 18 months; and two or tl,tee out of
thesz were afflicted with disorders when they wet* admitted. Ai
regarded their exclusion, he need only inform the House.tbat they
were allowed to take exercise in the yard four times a day.
Mr. COLIIORNE had heard that they were only allowed noodle
twice a day, and only during one hour at each time. Ito feared
this had -contributed to the disorders that were so prevalent dine
some time back.

Mr. HOLFO4II3 said the Hon. Member was right ass ID the Ts.
gulation ; !but it had undergone alteration. There could ho ro
doubt but that the diet was the original cause of the fate I dis"ttien
which had affected the prison, and many were victims of the awe'
gion. He should be glad if he could induce the Hon. Member to
accompany him over the prison, so that he might satisfy himself a
to its improved mate.
Mr. 111131 E thought that the PUN of 5,300/. was ode mad*
give to the officers of the Institution.
31r. HER 11 lES observed, that though the number of primes
was small, it required almost the same amount as it the e.dablisb•
talent were larger. There was the possibtlity teo, that in the
course of next year the prison might become full
The vote was then agreed to.
A vote of lti,sMii., as retired allowances to peewit employed is
public offices or departments in the public service, was 40
agreed to.
On a vote of 15,1201., an relief to Toulonete and Ociwitim
emigrants, Dutch Naval Officers, St. Do.ningo bufterm, Kr. beech
moved,
Sir J. NEWPORT made some objection, which we meld net
hear.
Mr. HUSKISSON said he believed it was almost provertibl
that public annuit.ttits were long lived, hut these Geode:urn did go
off by degrees. There were individuals who, for the par: they too.
in the last war. were entitled to the gratitude of the country.
was no more than justice to say that they hard earned what the
Haute might vote. It should be considered that acconlinste
human nature, these Gentlemen could not last long, and the coo-
try would then he treed from its burden._Agreed to.

VACCINE ESTABLISHMENT.

The sum of 3,0001. fa the above establishment was then ms'ed•

Mr. kIUMI was as Sinai/114 as any m 111 l to this imnituttua
kept up ; but he thought the number of members of the board
might be reduced to two or three individuals.
Mr. Seereeary PEEL thought the opposition of the lion. Mem-
ber for Montrose to this vote rather ungrateful, since tie bad re'
duced ,he number of physicians, whose salaries were 10t/L Per air'
each, from eight to five ; and this had been done at the suggestlea
of the lion. Member last yeii-r. fie thought eight were nut or'
ears, but the institution could not do with less than five. 11,111
institution was of great service to the public, and, when public pm-
judices were removed, would he of still greliter. Nothing bed eel
effectually tended to mitigate the severity of the small-p_os Si
ciliation ; and the only way in which it could have suffere4 in re-
putation wan through ladies undertaking to vaccinate ther o.et,
oftspNtt, It sionenines happened that they did not do it elle"
then, as a matter of Course, it proved no pfereene"'
Ile had been app'i,sl to by an estaLlisbitient in a crowiltd part ~
the town, which had taller into decay for the want of funds, ate
he had thought it proper to increase the number of vaccinator, 0)
answer the demands which had hitherto been supplied by this 7.!*
luable iltetitutioa. The auto therefore saved ty the redacuL3
