THE BRITISH PRESS

lily in the country.; he would, therefore, expect the compliance of
the people of Myatt* with his published laws, and that they should,
as is customary in °rah, pay into his treasury a tenth part of the
productions of the earth and of their gains on mercantile coneerns ;
he desired that their particular attention should be called to his
laws relative to slave dealing, and that it should be clearly under-
stood that the importer would be considered equally criminal as
the earner, and the delinquent in either case, being a person owing
allegiance to him, would be subject to a capital punishment ; at
same time it was his wish that all Nile traders and huabandmen
should be encouraged to visit and settle in his country ; he directed
that it should be made known that every species of marauding or
kidnapping were capital offences, and also that every permit de-
tceted guilty of theft would be liable to forfeit either life or liberty.
Ye, according to the circumstances of the ease, also commanded
that it .hoold be published that he hail decided on preventing his
subjects from resorting to the use of nosti unis, charms, or unknown
ntedieinfw, which are irequently, to their gnat detriment, imposed
on them by designing people at high prices, and which have in
many instances oecasicaesl much disturbance and bloodshed, by
inducing the credulous, who trust in them, to dkolmy the laws, and
even to rise in arms against the lawful authorities. " You will
then," said xatlama, " assure the people of lloyana that I view
them all as my children, and that, equally with °rah, it shall be
my constant study to advance and promote their imitallP."
August :I.—Commodore Nourse having proposed a little altera-
tion in the wording of the document, relative to the port regulations
at 11Iajunga, it was agreed to by Italania, and signed in the annexed
form.

" By Radanta, King of 31adagaecar, &c. &c. &e.
" Whereas. having recently possessed myself of the town of
Majunga, and the bay anti harbour of Bomb tnk, and it appear.
ing that various exorbitant and undefined MIDIS have heretofore
been extorted from British vessels, as well as others visiting this
harbour, for the purpose of trade or refreshment, and being desirous
of manifesting on all occasions my high consideration for the Bri-
tish nation, and my friendship for Commodore Joseph tionrie,
C.B. commanding his Britannic :11ajesty's ships and vessels in
these seas ;
" It is hereby ordered, That all British vessels visiting the said
ports and harbours, for the purpose of and engaging in lawful
trade, shall have free liberty to do so without let or Inpdranee of any
kind, on payment of hi dollars anchorage money, and of 5 per cent.
duty on all articles, the produce of Aladagteacur, exported fur the
purpose of such trade and traffic. The said duty to be levied in the
most equitable and convenient manner, and no other duty or fees of
any kind whatsoever to be imposed.
That with a view to encourage the residence of British subjects
in my dominions, for the better civilization of my people, and the
introduction of various arts 111141 sciences, I hereby assure them of
1 my special protection, and that they shall have free liberty to dwell
1 therein, to build ships, and vessels, and houses, and cultist:ate lands,
to carry on lawful trade and traffie, to conic and to go at their own
will and pleasure, without let or hindrance of any kind, and with-
out payment of any duty or tax than before mentioned.
(Signed) 4` RADAMA."
August 10—In consequence of an intimation from one of Re-
damies officers, purporting that some slaves had been landed near
filajunga, I deemed it my duty to set out tbr that place and en-
deavour to ascertain the truth. Immediately on my landing, Ra-
maretac informed me that a brig, under French colourshad sailed
the evening before, after being three dap% in harbour ; he had no
doubt her purpose had been that of obtaining sieves, but being de-
feated in that object, she bad taken in a little suet. The brig is
named the lilitotidelie, and the Captain Le Brec, an intimate ac-
quaintance rat Abdallah, with whom he spent a day in private.
Without being asked, Ramanetuc also told me, that lb aladagaS.
car slaves, all of whom had been purchased on the coast of tlaina.
boy, had been landed from a doe at 3lajunga. There appeared to
him something incorrect in the circumstance; yet, he had not any
orders to prevent Radama's subjects being removed by water from
one part of the coast to another. Yet, at my suggestion, he
ordered that such removals should only be made in boats belong-
ing to the natives, a class entirely unfit to go to sea.
I found that degree of good faith to exist, which must effectually
prevent any infraction of the treaty; and Ratrianetac's conduct was
so ingenuous that no doubt of his sincerity remained on my mind.
Ile talked on every movement connected with the plans of the
slave dealers, and declared that now Radama had placed several
officers on the coast to prevent the traffic, it would occasion him the
11 utmost regret were the wily traders to effect by fraud what lie was
1 inclined to use his utmost efforts to prevent.
Abdallah had been tampering with Ramanetae, and had offered
him three thousand dollars to be permitted to report himself Ka-
dama's agent; but his plans were all defeated' on Ranianerac re-
marking that he poaseasied but little worldly wiealth, yet the con-
fidence he enjoyed with ilia saversiga made him rich indeed; and DO
money would induce him to forfeit it.
. .

August 26.—Thermometer at daylight, 57.; noon, 88. Nooa ex-
posed, 104
August 27.—The invitation to attend the cobar was an generslly
accepted, that between tout or five thousand persons wee assem-
bled for that purpose ; and the heads of tribes were forward in ex.
pressing satisfaction at being taken under the protection of Rada-
ma, whom they promised to obey and servo with fidelity.
Radama descanted on the evils of anarchy and warfare, and the
benefits that must arise from good government and peace. tie de-
clared that it ahould be his care to watch over the interests of his
subjects, and guard theta equally trout internal dissension or fo-
reign oppresenrs. tie-alieectad their attention to commerce, hue.
bandry, and such manufactures as they are acquainted with ; and
he concluded by stating that every improvement that was made
should be noticed by marks of his favour, and he would always ex.
pect atr'ct obedience to his laws, fur the due administration of
which he would station competent oilicers amongst them.
August 29.—There being a great extent of country lying between
the river Barisibooka and the sea, and between the northern confine
of Boyana and the liver !Havre or Alausiatre, which is in nearly
the same latitude as the capital of Ovah ; and this great extent
never having been visited by Rllllllllell officers, and some parts of it
being inhabited by petty tribes that have not yet placed them-
selves under Radsuna's protection, he deemed it expedient that
he should obtain a kno Amigo of the country and the people:
and he also wished to visit in particular the part inhabited
by the Illanaind, as he has not yet received any intimation of their
having complied with his commands to proceed towards Ovah ; and
'Wants, leaning that the river, in consequence of its being a very
dry season, is fordable at a place called Alanatnque, and that the
route to Ovah would thereby be much shortened. he needed on
sending off all the sick, and proceeding with the old soldiers only.
The orders for departure were but tardily obeyed, and it was late in
the day when the cant p was homed on the banks of a atreatn called
Kiainasome, about eight miles from I)ouane. The coun-
try that we passed over is thinly wooded, the Vuo-voontak tree pre.
trailing, with a few tamarinds.
Sept. 11.—The Ovals say that th • :Raman(' can live on beans
and roots when on marauding excursions. It appears to me, that
the imputation of the crimes that they are charged with originates
from their having been born in slavery, and that they are turulent
to obtain their liberty. lam told also that they are governid by
sorcerers, who exact their best cattle, and the best productions of
their fields.

Sept. 14.—The people who hail been sent out to warn the
3lainand to attend to die cobar, returned with a few of them and
accompanied by six petty chieftains, of a class called Jeekrick,, and
about 400 of that people. The chieftains of Jeekrick expressed
much satisfaction at having ail opportunity of placing themselves
under the protection of flailania, and they promised obedience to
his laws, in testimony of which they stated their readiness to con.
tribute a tenth part of their stock to die service of the army, as
they had heard the people of Bovine hail done. Radcma assured
them that their courteous offer was duly appreciated by him, and
that their interests should claim his attention; he told them that an
officer, high in his esteem, was placed in command of that part of
the country lying to the westward of the river Baytisibooka, and
that in event of any misunderstanding occurring amongst them,
they should refer the subject to him ; and as the armed force under
liarnaresikitis's command was sufficient to prottet them, they would
no longer have occasion to retain arms, and would of course be ex.
pected to give them up, at a fair valuation, for the service of the
military. The King at the same time assured them that they
should enjoy equal privileges with all the rest of his subjects ; and
he recommended their attention to industry. The assembly ap.
peered to be very well pleased, and the chiefs proposed that Ra.
lama's officer should accompany them to receive the contributions
and taxes, saying that all the arms they possessed were then pre-
sent, and ut the h.ing'a service.
Sept. 13.—Radama being made acquainted that some few people
reside near the coast, at Matomba, directed some of the Jeekrick
to go forward and publish that he would hold a eubar at Ambouhi.
rouse, on die full of die next moon, and it being my wish to visit
the coast, and particularly such places as small craft or boats can
enter to trade with the natives, I decided on following the river to
the sea, and proceeding by the coast to klatomba, if the journey
could be accomplished in the fixed period.
Sept. 16.—Esainho returned from the Kink's camp at sun.aet,
and I was informed that he was immediately engaged in prayer. re-
turning thanks to Radamit's clemency, and exulting that none of
his family or followers were removed from their ancient rights by
die expedition.
Oct. 23.—We passed within view of five villages which have been
lately (within two years) built by Medim, and where 500 soldiers
are stationed, and have begun to form extensive rice fields. There
is not any appearance that this part of the country has been pre.
vloualy inhabited.
On the King's arrival at the camp ground, lie was received by
upwards of 2,000 of the inhabitants of Vulanlafont and Verein.
stove, laden with presents of provisions, amongst which were
hundreds of geese, ducks, fowls, and sheep.
Oct. 26.—Thermometer at noon 117, exposed 94. The district
of Vereinzounga is mountainous; it was formerly divided into
many small chieftainships; perhaps a fourth of the population can
now trace their descent from nobility. and as it was in past days ISO
is it now there considered that a man of noble descent would dis.
honour his rank were he to labour. or even resort to any industrious
pursuit as an aninsement. This old custom being observed by these
people more rh.'' than it is in any other part of the country, has
, to draw more men as recruits in proportion to
, to serve as whitens num that district, than he has
any esker ; as, though the nobles will not handle the
• the beltrilliga a musket has always been considered ho.
..eitmbles ond the title of warriors was respected by their forefathers
when the industrious husbandman could not presume to sit on a
noble's twat. Radaina remarked that this policy will tend to WI
his ranks at present, and ultimately induce those titled poor to ro.
sort to that industry which will atford them ease.
Oct. 27.—Ther. at daylight, ; at noon, 89. As we advanced,
the country was found to bear an appearance of plenty, and what is
termed comfort. by the natives of (hall.
The dwellings are frail, yet the fine rice fields and garden,' of
manioc, sweet potatoes, plantains and tattoo near them, and the

Foci; of shetp, pigs, and poultry, that share the family bed, re- I
move every apprehension of want. The reviving music of the
much COW 3 bellowing for their calves, which are also the nightly
inmates of the,maosion, the barking of a number of cur dogs to
whom the odour of flesh is unktutwo, proclaim the wasessot both
great and rich ; terms that were nal long since applied in this coun-
try to the owneyof ever: a single dollar, and the individual who
could show one was otter. congratulated on the extent of his wealth.
The country is vef.y hilly and finely watered. We crossed four
small etre:rm.:, and having travelled about ten miles, eneamped,a'r
a place called IS tymas.,n-androna, near to which I had the pleasuge
to ye about two Tootle of wheat, al equal quantity of pats and bar-
ley, the cultivation of which I had .ntroduced, and which promitied
a fair crop.
Nov. 2.—The trains having astcmbled at an early hour, Radama
proceeded to the capital, and wai received at the usual place of as-
aembly by his mother and family, his ministerr, arid a great am-
ber of people.
On the conclusion of the salutations of his family, the old chief-
tains commenced their usual loyal speeches' and were advancing to
offer tribute, when 'Warns told them that he would hold .a public
cobar on Sunday rack, and he dismissed the assembly.
As customary on entering the court-yard, he needed to the
tombs of his ancestors, and returned thanks to the Almighty fur
his safe return, and he retired to his palace in a very feeble state.
ALLIANCE GRANITE AND CHINA CLAY
