ROUSE OF COMMONS, WEHRtscrAr, MARCH 22.

Mr. Irving, Inspector-General of Export" and Importa.'
brought up an account of the Exports and Imports of the Volts&
Kingdom, for the year ending 3th Jan. 1826.
3I r. Crefer, from the Treasury, brought up an
,te nu -of pound" 3% of toaaao and snuff charges*
r ipso'
IntilmtnA 2pl- '

WWI .41".•••.11.• 041,4 •I. %MINIM.
MARGATE THEATRE.
The Margate Theatre Bill was read a third time and passed,
having undergone some amendment in the Lords relative to the
days on which plays might be represented to that Theatre.

. .
LIVERPOOL AND MANCHESTER RAILWAY.
General GASCOYNE brought up. the report of the Committee
on the Liverpool and Manchester Railimy, which stated that they
had heard Counsel on the merits of the Bill ; had found all the
allegations of the Bill correct, and. had made several amendments
therein.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Sir C. COLE presented a petition from tbe County of Cam-
bridge, praying for the abolition of Negro slavery ; and a simile,
petition from the Town of Cambridge.
Similar petitions were presented by Sir William Ingleby, from
Holford and Spilsby. in Lincolnshire ; by Mr. Curweu. trent.
IVhitehaven and Workington' in Cumberland ; by Mr. Denison.
from Godalming, in Surrey : and by Colonel Wood, from the bo-
rough of Brecon.
Mr. BUTTERWORTH resented petitions from aTsvivh in•
York, and from Ittbrd, in Essex, praying for the abolition of
Negro slavery.
Ordered to be printed.
UXBRIDGE ROAD BILL.
The Uxbridge Road Bill was read a third time and passed.

PRIVATE BILL COMMITTEES.
Mt. CALCRAFF requested Mr. Littleton would not bring
forward his resolutions relative to Private Ilills that night. There
was not, in his opinion, a sufficiently full attendance of Members
then to go into the consideration of those resolutions. If the lion.
Member would postpone them until after after the holidays there
would be a fuller House, and the subject could then be discussed
to greater advantage.
Mr. LITTLETON said it was his intention to make.some
alteration in the resolutions, without at all interfering with their
principle. He thought the better mode was, to withdraw the reso-
lutions for the present, with an understanding that he should bring
them forward again, the same in substance, but with the alterations
he before adverted to.
'the resolutions were then postponed to the 20th April.
ASSESSED TAXES.
Mr. TIABERLY presented a petition from Abingdon. praying
for a reduction of the Assessed Taxes ; and another petition front
the same place, praying a general diminution of taxes.—Ordered to
be printed.
WINDOW TAX.
Mr. MABERLY presented a petition from James Barber,
schoolmaster, praying a reduction of the Window Tax.
ALLOWANCE TO ADJUTANTS OF MILITIA.
Colonel WOOD presented a petition from 21 Adjutants of thr,
regular Militia, complaining of the ream allowance, ond'praying
to have it increased to the original standard. He said the peti-
tioners had been reduced in the year 1822 on an allowance of six'
shillings per day; the former allowance to such Aunt. atter
having served twenty years, was eight shillings per day. His ob-
ject at present was, that the petition might be showed to lie on the
table; and when the !louse was in a Committee of Supply, he
would state reasons why the old allowances should be granted to

these petitioners.
In rd PALMERSTON said that the alteration in the rate of
allowance to those officers was made in compliance with the order*
of the House.
The Petition was ordered to lie en the table.
LAW OF PATENTS.

Lord PALMERiiikk presented Ipet:limn from ale. James
Collinge,praying that the law relative to patents might be placed on
the same footing as that which protected copyrights. The Notihr
Lord made some observations which were nearly inaudible; we
understood him to recommend the abrogation of all restrictions
on useful inventions ; and that the creations of individual invention
should be encouraged as much as possible, which lie thought would
be more advantageous to the country than the continuance of those
restrictions could effect.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said it was a subject oilman
importance ; there was no doubt but a great deficiency existed in
the law of patents, and he thought that every encouragement
should be given to inventions. The restriction which was cont..
plained of in the prayer of the petition, relative to the number 'of
persons who could enter into a joint participation of the benefits of
a patent, ought, in his opinion. to be removed. The number of
persons was limited to six, by the 6th Gem 1., called the Bubble
Act. That limitation might be attended with great inconvenience.
The duration of patents is limited to fourteen years, and the peti.
tioner prayed that the law in that particular should be assimilated to
that of copyrights ; but the law in this instance Is dissimilar to that
of other nations. In France patents might be obtained for five. :co,
or fifteen years. In some inventions the machinery might be so
complicated as to be attended with great expense, and Bills had
passed to extend the period of duration. He thought, bowev.e,
that 14 years were sufficient for ordinary patents to remunerate per.
eons for the expense they had incurred and the merit of the inventh.u.
The as Renal! of obtaining patents in this couturt anct France was 114
same: the expense in France was 1,500 francs, tnd in England
JOOI. Patentees were not on the same looting as ituthols it an
author make any inventions in chemistry or any otter science. and
he publishes it to the world, the substance of those inventions insar
pirated and made use of; the copyright was limited to yearn,
renewable renewable at the expiration of that time, i
which made equivalent
to 20 years. It was not the same with patents, they were limited
to 14 years, which might not be sufficient for a complicated ia-
vention, and might, under !tech circumstances, be emended. Na
agreed with the Noble Lord. that every eneourageownt 40100 La

Owen to invention and talent, and he thought that d e limitation of
ilas Dumber of persons to six might be attended wid injury.
After a few words from Mr. MAHERLY, the I etition IV3/ or.
♦osed to lie on the table.
WELCH MINING COMPANY RI I.L.

Ile. P. MOORE brought up the Report of tht Committee on
she Welch Mining Company Bin, in which they hs d made several
amendments.
Mr. LITTLETON said, from what had passe 1 in the Can.
mittea,•eo eheluestiott of the Company being allott•ed to sue and
bossed in the name of their Secretary, he was den twined to op.
pose the further progress of the Bill. The House I iught to reeol.
Met that several Bills had passed the House last yie ir for the esta-
Mbiesent of companies which had produced mum' mischief; If
they slashed to prevent the establishment of such col npanies, they
should check the progress of such Bills as that held e the House.
He would draw a diettnetion between companies estal.lished for the
=rof working mines of the precious metals .and thine for
oe & coal and aron mines, Which could be effecte4 quite as sell
by iodividuals. When the Bill was introduced lad' year by the
lion. Member for Coventry, that Hon. Member never attended the
4,:antnittee on the Bill, and when it came subsequently before the
House, he (Mr. Littleton) moved the House that it should be
and in that the House agreed with him, and it was dis.
l char shge2.4 A number of persons considered that the 11'11 was inju.
limn to theit interests, and were at corsiderable expeiee in oppos-
lag it, and as he thought the Bill could not be of aay benefit,
he would move as an amendment that it be read d.at day six
swaths.
Mr. P. MOORE said he thought when the lion. Member knew
the news of the Bill, he would withdraw his amendment. The
itempany had laid out 100,0001., and would lay out a further sum.
He thought it would afford great advantage to the nubile; and thus
allowing them to sue and be sued in the name or their secretary,
would, In his Opintoo, be a great benefit.
Cclonel WOOD said there was no necessity for the establish.
sheet of but% a Company in Wales ; they did not want iron in
Wales ; the evil was that there was too much there already. They
GNU supply as much iron as could be w inted for any purposes ;
they could se ly the world with iron, atal he knew the passing of
ese MU • di great injury to the bon masters of %Vales, who
hell Wm t hen they could find sale for.
CamellF
AVIES thought the objections juet stated most extra-
ordinary . they did not refer to the Bill on public grounds, but in
the view that they would be injurious to the iron masters; he thought
mash objeesioos were not sufficient to Induce the House to throw oat
the Bill. If the Bill did not pass, the public would have no remedy
to recover debts due by the Compete.
AIt.STUA Rl' WORTLEY objected to the Bill on the grounds
that the allegations in the preamble of the Bin were false; he could
nut imagine what benefit Me Bin could be of ; those mines could
be worked by individuals.
Mr. P. MOORE explained.
lie. CALCRAFT Would oppose the nin ; he thought the
Rouse had already given too much encouragement to such Corn.
ponies. Ile stood up for thou who traded on their own private ca.
pita in preference to Cernpanies. The object of bringing the Bill
before the House was to raise the value of shares, and thereby to
open a field to gentling speculations.
11r. BARING did not knew whether the Bill would be a benefit
or no:. The Hon. Member for Yorkshire stated that, because the
allegations in the preamble of the Bill were not true, therefore
Inc Bill should not paw. He thntght the difficulty of the House
was, that they had passed lest Session aeyeral trumpery Bills fur
the establishir.cht of companies, and now they were likely to go to
at excess the other way, and would not pass Bills which might be
awful ; there ought to be some consistency in their legislation. It
was said. that persons in company could not trade as individuals ;
they could no: in companies sue or be sued, until ell the partners
were known ; there was a difficulty in that respect ; it was difficult
Iv a person in England to get the names of those who were in
Wales.

Lord PALMERSTON said the general law of companies was
imperfect. The object of the Bill was to be allowed to sue and be
seed to the name of their secretary. The company in question had
been a year in operation, the capital had been already paid up. and
t'teeefore could not be classed among those wile speculations which
had done so much mischief. He would support the Bill on the
tssound that every encouragement should be given to the employ.
meat of capital.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he could
net tell whether the allegations contained in the preamble of the
Bill were true or not, or whether it had been proved that the pass-
ing the Bill would confer a benefit en the public : fer these reasons
he was reluctant to take any part In the iktcitssion. An Act was
passed last Session, which vested in the Crown a power to grant
übarten to companies. Had that company availed themselves of
that Act, they should have applied to the Privy Council for the
purpose. when he would have had an opportunity o; becoming ac.
quainted with the details of the Bill, and the allegations of the pre-
amble ; but as they had not done that he could not tell whether
thee allegations were true or false, and that he considered to be the
qUestion.
Mr. P. SIOORE said the establishment of the company would
gm employment to a great many persons.
Lssi A. HANIILTON said, after the dishonesty they had seen
fur the last two months in the affairs of companies, which had
been established by Bills that had passed throtikh that House,
they should be veil cautious how* they palmed similar Bills.
Mr, lIUSKIRSON said The Hon. Member was under a mistake
al,en he asserted that 'he House had given any unction to the
babbles to which he alluded. The fact was, that the number of
applications for the establishment of companies alarmed the
House. and an alteration was made in the Act of Geo. 1., by
which the King and Council were impowered to grant charters to
licit companies as circumstances might warrant. Several appli.
cations were made to procure those charters, but when the merits
of the applications came to be investigated, they were in many in.
stances withdrawn ; a delay took place in order to ascertain the
suture of their claims to those charters, and he believed the appli.
LIMO had no reason to complain of want of that despatch which
led to the withdrawing of those applications ; some had persevered,
sod were now in progress. An application was made to establish
• •Mining Company in Scotland; it was highly recommended, and
had the sapper% of the greater part of the Nobility of that country;
it was at • very interesting nature; it combined mines of coal, iron,
and precious meals, if they could be found. (A Isugh.)lThe title of
seising generally would apply to the mining of all metals; but he
did not think theestablialiment of that company could have effected
any good. and the Crown was not advised to grant the charter. To
many other applications for tharters to companies, focodell on the
=principles, • similar answer was given. He thought that
We House granted such privilege as wine sought fur by that
2111. it would be well to incutre whether those speculations could
be carried on by private Individuals. The effect oh those cmuptudes
sou to increase the price of wages; the workmen. Induced by the
ariaiety which was evinced to enter into those speculations, conch.
deed their labour of increased value, and demanded an advance of
wages. This was one of the evils which emanated from those
companies. Such was the "rage far the establishment of coin.
panics. that many were formed without the sae-ties of Par-
I. anent. and without making any application to obtain it.
That House ought to be vigilant and cautious to avoid forward_
tug couch speculations, and allowing them to interfere with
the meets of the general trade of the country. The law of part. '
sersitip was particularly inconvenient. Ifs suit was to be eprered
aghast a Company, the names of the part rurs should be known;
eau if in that suit one of the partners absented himself, an action
cositt not be entered against a second partner until an outlawry was
obtained against the first partner ; and if the second chose to ab-
sent himself, the suit should be commenced de *ova; and if in the
esti- so commenced the party suing was either ignorant of the names
of the other partners, or made a mistake In the Christian name of
soy partner, the third partner might plead an abatement, because
use of the partners had not been named in the suit, or a Christian
name of one of the partners misapplied. The plaintiff in such a
ease would find great difficulty to peeve alto were actual partners,
far those who were in the company could nut give evidence to
that fact. because they were parties to the suit. Such were the in.
conveniences which arose out of the present law of partnership,
when hs was anxious to see improves! ; whether by a general re-
gistry of partners, or that en action **sane use power shoold be
binding againerthe firm, he wonht net say. He cerainly wished
mat some person more conversant with the law than he was would
unicrtake the amendment of that law, which would. in his opinion,
give security to partnerships, and prove of the greatest advantage
to the trade and commerce of the country.
ll(r. TRES' A YNE said a few words, the purport of which we
could not catch.

Strangers were then ordered to withdraw. On our return to the
galle‘y, we understood that Mr. Littleton's amendment, That the
Bill be read that day six months," was agreed to without a
dictator).
. . _

Alt. S. RICE obtained leave to bring in a Bill to consolidate the
laws of Tolls in Ireland...

ftWiinusetlieWie;;ived itself into a Committee of Supply.
IRISH MISCELLANEOUS ESTIMATLS.

Or Mr. HEMMEN'. reading the Resolution, "That a sum
au eaceeding 25,0001. be granted to the Society
fur
promoting the
Education of the Poor of Ireland,"
Mr. HOME rose; he hoped that he should not for the future be
accused of detaining the House on Ireduesday, when the Oen-
theme on the opposite side adopted the same coarse. He thought
it was understood that no horsiness of importance should be trans.
acted on that evening. Those estimates were Alerted through their
whole mune with such celerity, that it was impossible to examine
them veldt the minuteness they deserved. He would. however, rail
she siltation of the House to one feet disclosed by them, which was
smithy of notice. as an Irish curiosity. The Satiety then applying
to the country for a grant reckoned among its supporters all the
worthy Bishops of Ireland, and yet, would it be 'believed that the
sate somruiug to the collector of that Society, who was paid 5 per
cent. en the money collected, amounted to no more than theism
pounds? It appeared to hiot an insult to levy 25.200/. on the
petiole of England to educate the Irish poor, while the vieh Prelates
of that country. contributed to the same object only 2'201. There
was another point worthy of notice. In the returns of 1:123. that
:society had reptesented the number of their schools to be 1490, and
the number of ehildren educated in them to be no less than
102,004, and last year they required only 22,(00/. to support their
elpenles ; they had at present. as appeared from the returns laid
no the table, only 52.000 pupils and 800 schools, yet now they
asked for an inert eve of 30001. He wished also to point nut a par-
titular in the returns of that Society, which would show Ivor easy
it wee for a body of that kind to delude the public. If found
it staled in their returns of 1824. that the number of schnolsl
in Ulster wit 489, and that of the pupils 24.238. This
a.-count he hound, upon ezamination, gave an average of 70
idiot to to each school. Again, the schools to Lamer were stated
at 11/06 $lll the scholars 11,428. which gave precisely the .rite re-
Imo. In 51unsver the schools were In. and •chnlars iti.24o). In
( ou.osight the numbers were respectively 135 anti . thus in

I each of the four provinces, it happened that the avenge number of
pupils in each school was precisely 70. This coincidence was too
extraordinary not to raise the presumption that the whole was a
manufactured statement, and he hoped that the House would agree
to reprove the prelates who neglected, and the Committee who mis-
managed that society, by withholding the grant. The lion. 3lem-
ber then proceeded to remark on the peat amount of salanes paid
by the Society: to a Registrar and Assistant, 400/.: to twelve
clerks, 1,1741.; there was also a sum of 2,3501. charged for the
travelling expenses of ten inspectors; and here he would ask the
Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Gnulburn) how the returns could have been
incorrect, if those inspectors had done their duty. Besides these
expenses there was a charge of 9,400/. as gratuities to teachers, who
were also paid by salaries. From all these considerations he hoped
the house would be convinced that the sum of 25,0001. was altoge-
ther disproportioned to Its object ; but it was necessary to observe
also, that there was • commission In existence to inquire into the
education of the pont of Ireland. If he (Mr. Hume) were to ask
for returns in similar circumstances, he was sure he would be an-
swered, Why do you proceed to make inquiries and entail new ex-
penses during the existence of a contniission. Ile wished that
Ministers were consistent, and that they 'timid withhold those
grants for societies until the remit of this commission should be
known. But to show that he did not wish to cut off abruptly the
funds of such establishments, he would beg leave to move as an
amendment, that the sum of 22.000/. which was the amount of last
year's vote, should be granted this year also.
Lord MILTON wished to add a supplementary observation to
what had fallen from the lion. Member. What the Hon. Gentle.
man had stated with respect to the four provinces, was equally ap-
plicable to the 32 counties of Ireland—that curious coincidence had
all the appearance of imposition. It might, indeed, admit of ex-
planation, and be sincerely hoped that all suspicious would be even-
tually dispelled.
Mr. BUTTERWORTH observed that the Hon. Member for
Aberdeen had made an attack on the Irish prelates, as If the Kul-
dare-place society were wholly under the mnnagenieut of ecclesias-
tical persons, which was rot the fact. He hoped the lion. Gentle-
man's charges would find their way to Dublin, where they would be
sure of being refuted. The Hon. Member was then proceeding to
make some remarks on what had fallen from an Hon. Gentleman I
(the Member for Cork) on a former occasion, when
Mr. BROGDEN ioterfered. It was decidedly Irregular, he
said, to discuss any expression which had been used on a former
evening.
31r. GOULBURN said he was at a loss to know where the lion.
Member had acquired his information with respect to the number
of schools and scholars.
3lr. 111:31E—From the Report of 1824, appendix 4, page 00, ,
referred to in the Report of 1824.
Mr. GIG.LBURN said he hoped the House would not require
him, unfurnished as lie was with documents, to answer the allega-
tions of the Hon. Gentleman. But the Hon. Gentleman had
levelled his censures against the Bishops of Ireland, as identified
with that society, while the papers which he held in his hand might
show him that there was not • Bishop. nor even a clergyman among
its nianagera. With respect to the irregularity. with which lie had
been accused by the Hon. Gentleman, of going into the votes on
that evening, bethought that this proceeding had been the con-
dition of his (31r. Goulburn's) giving way on a former evening,
and that the Hon. Member foe Aberdeen had distinctly given his
assent to this arrangement.
Mr. S. RiCE said that he would take an opportunity of calling
for the communications that passed between the Kildarc.place So-
ciety and the Commission of Inquiry.
31r. GOULBURN was net aware of any discrepancy between
the two statements. The returns front the Society gave the total
number of scholars on the roll, while the reduced returns were only
of the average attendance.
Mr. HUME condemned the liberty taken in calling his state-
ments false, while no proof of their incorrectness was adduced ; but
if the lion. Gentleman wanted documents to furnish him with
proofs, that was another reason why the vote should stand over.
Mr. BRIGHT thought the question ought to be deferred, in
order to allow time for explanation.

Mr. BUTTERWORTH said a few words in explanation.
Mr. F. LEWIS regretted that the Report on the Schools of Ire.
land, which wee in preparation. could not be immediately laid be-
fore the House. In that Report was contained the letter from the
Society, alluded to by an lion. Member (Mr. S. Rice). In the
mean time it ought not to be forgotten that differences would be
apparent in the numbers, according as they gave the number of
scholars on the roll, or the attendance of three mo•iths. The So-
ciety bad taken the average of scholars in each school at 70, cud
the Commissioners at 61. so that the difference was not material.
The Committee of the Kildare.place Society were, he was sure,
quite incapable of practising any deception.
Mr. HUME said it appeared that the returns of the scholsrs was
magnified by half their real amount. It was therefore hardly pos-
sible to expect a fair return. The former accounts had been framed
with the view of making an uncandid impression on the House.
The Society therefore deserved to be watched with a jealous suspi-
cion. He concluded by signifying his intention not to divide the
House. . _

The amendment was then negatived without a division, and the
original.vote was agreed to.
The following votes were also agreed to :-
31.0001. for the Foundling Hospital, Dublin.
20.2.10/. icr die Howe of Industry.
7,200/. for the Richmond Lunatic Asylum.
7,5001. for the Hibernian Society for soldiers' Children.
LOU. for the Hibernian Marine Society.
1.0001. for the Female Orphan House.
4,1291. 14s. Id. for the Westmorland Lock Hospital.
231121. for the Lving.in Hospital in Dublin.
1,66:11. for Dr. Steven's Hospital, Dublin.
4.21 W. for the Fever Hospital and House of Recovery, Dublin.
4451. for the Hospital of Incurables at Dublin.
8,0291. for the Roman Catholic Seminary in Ireland.
1,36.31. for the Royal Cork Institution.
7.001.11. for the Royal Dublin Society.
io,eittl. for Commissioners of Wide Streets. Dublin.
2.6001. for the Farming Society of Ireland.
SOUL. to the Royal Irish Academy.
7971. Mr expenses of Commissioners of Charitable Donations and
Bequests.
MISCELLANEOUS SERVICES.

19,938/. for the Trustees of Linen Manutacture in Ireland.
24.1101. for the Board of Works.
16,886/. for Printing, Stationery, and other disbursements of the
Chief and Under Secretary's Hficers, he.
8,0001. foe Proclamations and other publications in the Gazette
and Newspapers in Ireland.
4.,6151 for Printing of public General Acts, 7 Gee. 4.
35,935/. for Criminal Prosecutions and other haw expences.
13,9721. for Nonconforming, Seceding, and Protestant Dissent.
ing Ministers in Ireland.
1,0721. for Salaries of Lottery Officers in Ireland.
6.19i0/. for Directors General of Inland Navigation In Ireland.
23,0001. for the Police of Dublin.
7.313e1. for the Commissioners of Judicial Inquiry in Ireland.
1,8331. for Commissioners of frown Lands.
3.5001. for Board of Public Records.
35,0901. for Public Works in Ireland.
NATIONAL GALLERY.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER stated that he
felt great pleasure in being able to inform the House that a valuable
addition had been made to the pictures of the National Gallery.
A gentleman, who was in possesion of three pictures of great ex-
cellence, had agreed to dispose of them, for the purpose of being
placed in the National (Hillery, to which they would,- he was con-
vinced, be considered acquisitions of no small merit. These pic-
tures were painted by Nicholas Poussln, Annil.al Carracci,•and
Titian. The three pictures comprised many excellencies. That
by Carracci. though on a small scale. was one of the moat beautiful
specimens of that great master. The picture by Titian had been
lung in the country, and was well known to every person of taste
in the pictorial department, for the beauty of its colouring and ex.
preador. When it was understood that these pictures could be pro.
cured for the National Gallery, 9.0001. was oFered, end the pro-
posal was accepted by the owner. They were already placed in the
gallery, and were considered by judges la the are es be unclog its
chief ornaments. He (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) under-
stood from a gentleman of respectability, conversant in those mat-
ters, that the late Mr. Angerstein had been strongly urged by his
friends to add to his collection by the purchase of the Titian alone
at the suns of 5,000/. Under such circumstances the purchase of
the three pictures bad been agreed on, and he should propose a vote
to that effect.

The vote for to defray the purchase of three pictures for
the National Gallery, wrot accorilmely proposed and passed.
The sum of 24,407/. for the Aldine Estimates was next pro.
posed. and, after a short ronvcr.ation between Colonel %Vow) and
Lord PAL MEINTOIK4 Wu agreed to.
The House then resumed, and Mr. BROGDEW brought up the
report, which was ordered to be received tomorrow.
Sn:li DUTIES
Upon the motion of going into a committee on the Silk Duties
Bill,
lIRIGIIT wished to know whether, by the operation of this
Bill. the importation of silks was 'to be confined to the port of
London.

slr. C. GRANT said that it was intended to be enly a tem.
porary measure of two years' duration, and for that period the nu.
portation was lobe limited to the port of London.
In answer to another question from Mr. BRIGHT.
Mr. C. GRANT said he WaS anxious to give every opportunity
for discussion, nay more, to Invite it. His intention therefore ass,
that the Bill should go through a committee pro forma at present,
and that it should be recommitted after the holidays.
The Bill then went through a committee, and was ordered
to be recommitted on the ritli April.

CHA RING-CROSS IMPROVEMENT BILL.
The Charing.cross Improvement 111111 was read a second time.
The other orders of the day were then disposed of, and the House
adjourned at a quarter before eight.

The salutary and unrivalled effects of Rowland's Ka-
ledor, with respect to one of its multifarious eminent Properties, is
daily evidenced. A Lady of hig!t respectability, during the period
of suckling, received the moat soothing relief from the use of that
invaluable article, which, possessing balnamic and purifying
qualities, Is pre.emlnently successful in preventing the attacks of
cold winds on the skit). and for effectually excluding and resisting,
with a rapid energy truly astonishing, all disorders which disor.
ionise the beauty of the cluntenatice ; and for inerming the fair.
rests and transparen•y of the skin, excersla oil competition. To
fantlemeo. Rowlanea &Odor is an infaltiLle apectlic in allaying
the sinariing irritability of the fare. and and render shaving, here-
tofore painful, now a pleasurable operaticu.

STOCKS YESTERDAY.
Indio Bondi 3 5 pm
Es. Bills IWO!. 5 4 I pm
Ditto 504.11. 5 4 5 psi
Ditto Small 1 4 4 put
Lottery Ticket+ 211. ils.

ligtaileslean
Angto-Cheltas
BeJanos

PRICIN OF MU
nu

8 COCKS YESTERDAY.
Greek Bonds
Ditto Muds (1628) 18 1 I
Ditto Acct. IS j j j
Mezican Ronda
Ditto Bonds (182$) Of 6 6
, Ditto Acct. 61:1 61 H G j 6 j 6
Peruvian Bonds 31
Ditto Acct. 814 1
Portuguese Roods 111 2
Ditto Acct. 7$
Russian Bonds 791
Ditto Acct. 78,1
Spanish Ronda 10! •
Ditto 610, lUI

AI Yr.TEIIDAY.
11bare.ld.
, 1100 4/ 18 MA
100 1 4 (111
400 60 71 pm
100 10 6dins
.........
........... 100 6 6) die
•
• ........ .
A ..t coo*Asi is*.

Brazilles
Etritish Iron
Chinas . .
Pasro-Peravlso
71s1pusabus

Alliance
Ballah 0•41 Pon* ........ 100 10 pm
Guardian
100 10 611. m
Palladium

IRON RAILWAYS.

•
Liverpool and lifanehestar •••• --•••••-•-
100 12 pen
miseitawriloua.

General Seam Navigation ..—
100 I 21 dia
