A3ILRICA.

SPEECH OF THE' HON. JOHN RANDOLPH.

othave ow Tile NuoUCTlost OF Till NATAL. EsTA-
DLISHMLNT OT THE UNITED sTATEN.
APRIL 25, 1810.
The Committee of the whole having reported the
Bill for the Reduction of the Naval Establishment,
with various amendments, going to defeat the main
Object of the Bill ; land the question having been
put on the first amendment.--
Mr. RANDoIPh said, that as his objections to
the navy went to the whole system, he would make
his obeervations et large, in preference to reserving
then, in detached parts on the various details of
the object (said Mr. It ) is to endeavour
to persuade the floats* that they ought not to con-
mar in the report of the Committee of the whole
Mimes.. I have ever believed that the people of
the United States were destined to become at some
period or others great naval power. The unerring
indications of that fact were presented to us in
tonnage end number of seamen exereiling•thow of
may Other nation in the world, only ouc excepted.
When theiefore I proposivil to reduce the naval
establishment of the United States, it was not for
the pitiful object of putting down some five or
merit gun-boats, and two or three luimportant navy
yards, Of of anaking the mighty reduction content-
plaited in the amendment of the giutletnan from
Pennsylvania. lo other words, it was not for the
purpose of making barely sucn • tetrenehmasit
the naval expenditure as might enable government,
after such retretichment web effected, to go on with
tie aid of loans and taxer. We laud two views of
the probable state of the nation presented to us
during this session. The first was a view of war, in
which case it was agreed on all hands that loans and
taxes would be necessary. The nest wee a view of
peace, in which case it was believed that loans and
taxes were unnecessary, and were so pronounced
from the highest authority in the country on titian.
ciel concerns. But now it steins we have a view of
reducing military and naval expeoalit tire, which does
not obviate the necessity of loans sod taxes. My
object in the proposed reduction was, not to enable
the governineut to get on with the aid of loans and
taxes, bait to make such reduction as would have
viable(' the government to dispense with a recur-
reface to them.
have raid, Sir, that the United States were. in
any opri,oli, distilled to become a great naval pow-
er, anal I have read unerring indications of at in the
commercial prosperity of on r country, out of which
alone it can grow. But I !where if any thing
could retard, or eventually destroy at—if any thing
could strangle in the cradle the infant Hercules of
the American navy, it would be the very injudi-
cious mode in which that power bag been attempted
to lie prematurely brought into action, and kept in
action during the two list administrations.
a wawal power ueemsarity grows nut of tonnage and
a-amen. We have not only driven away our ton-
. nage, but have exerted ourselves with no little
arul, even a: 6:14 eery session, to prevent its ever
coming bacls. We have tint been walling to mi-
asma, that vessels pantile(' by the u opera...made si n
•f a breach of the Embargo, should return. True
it is, that we have not made the some provisiou in
relation ro steoir-ta : we have coneoveil the guilt
rather to reside in the wood er iron, than in the
men who cotittar:•erl it. But although we have no
provision fur toe espresat parprese that they should
not retool, unfortutatt.ly they hive not returnel.
maul the priof of this fact is eti•.....41 i,y aroolare,
viz thationisinon are at this moment employed oil
lowir4l ..air few slii-.4 Or , war. because seamen cannot
i.e Procured. (tar touti.ge said seamen them the
0.40:** na"ti pfterr, are wounded by our oven
soresitres to • emend. rattle degree. Adein. at :184
ideals beet, enderstood, according to soy view of

the subject,-that etale of the principal naes a a navy
was to protect commerce; but our political rule
for some time past has heel' that of inverse pro-
portion, and se have discoiered that commerce is
the natural protector of a navy. The proof of this
to found, if not in every set ot this House, certainly
in roost of the speeches delivered on this tloor. I
need only allude to a speech made by a colleague
of mine, (Mr. tlholson) who usually sits on my
right hand, a few days ago; in which be stated,
that the power to regulate commerce was specially
given by the ionstitsition to the United States, nut
as u means of raising ft:senile, cqu•tltsiig duties
throughout the Utoted States, and making us all
in Let one fund); hut that it was put into the
hoods of Congress, as a 'scorpion a hip to bring the
ether nations of, the world to our It ruu,, that by
turning away the light or our cotimenasice, the
minshiut of our commercial bounty; they 'night

with►r and decoy.
I hail tistimght too, Sr. that the revenue
Wllith H arrival establislimeut iisturiely cast's for, was
to be founded on cominerciel greatness : iu other
words, that commerce was to give iti revenue. re-
venue woe to support a navy, which, in turn, was
to protect commerce.. Bat it seems we have
changed all One:, we have perverted the whole
course of procedure ; and why, Sir, shall we keep
up en expensive naval estabrishiuent, necessarily
driving us into loans and taxes, for the protection
of a commerce which the Government itself says
we shall not carry on; and when Members of this
House tell us, that the natural protection of com-
merce is the annihilation of it? The navy has now
become a sort of fifth wheel to the political coach,
and I am unwilling to keep it up at this expense on
these grounds.
If, Sir, the construction which I have taken of
the sense of the House and of the Govt. 11111 l ent be
not correct, whence comes it that siA have such
cases before us as Daniel Buck ? Whetter conies
it that we hear of Treasury instructions, nut issued
in the first instance for the purpose of expounding
a law touching the clearances of vessels. that uni-
formity may prevail in the different districts; but
supplementary instruction-, becoming in practice
the actual law of the land ? lo other words, if my
construction be nut correct, whence comes it that
every principle formerly called federal, every prin-
ciple of executive energy soil power, has been
strained of late to an extent heretofore unparal-
leled? Whence comes it that in the archives of
this assembly we find copies of li&!ences given by
the Executive Power lA' the nation—to do *hut?
To permit one part of this confederacy to supply
another part with bread! We have hail executive
licences, graciously petmitting that a •',llion of
our citexens should not starve, whilst thr rest were
revelling in plenty, and suffering Tor want of a
market ! Let us suppose that in the fragmr tits of
history of the ancient nations of the earth, of those
periods which ore most involved in obscurity, we
should find on imperial regerapt to this et i et—what
would be the inevitable conclwton of the historian ?
That if the chief magietrate could at pleasure starve
one part of the people whilst another was rioting
in plenty, that the individual who held this power
was the greatest despot on earth, and the govern-
ment a pure awl unmixed despotism. But, Siri it
would be improper to draw any such concluson
here, because we are the (DOA ellbghtelll:d people
on earth-1 believe we have placed that on record !
It was nothing hut the protection of the navy of
the United States. a desire of avcriging the attack
on the Chesapeake—for moos% all the cuusrs of the
Embargo, we hear of none oftener than un.attrick on
the Chesapeake—it was Coaling hut a defence,
not only of the commercial interests. but of
the naval strength of the nation, which created
this dictatorship in the person of the First %gip-
trate. It was not that we are naturally more prime
to slavery than others—but it was fur the preserva-
tion of our *national deleuce (if that he not 1101‘1.
betty opposed to national defeace. which core.. four
millious, and which, when Greek meets Greek and
the tug of war comes, must take refuge under ouch
measures as those I have mentioned).--No, Sir,
niy object in the lhll winch I *sewed to the
House was a great flue. It *ma to 'little us to dis-
pense with a loan to the acknowledged amount of
5.160,000 dollars—'o enable us to dispense with
teem ttttt to all amount which uo mum can calculate
—if, indeed, the system which passed this House
was constructed to tamp, in revenue at all. It was
not a little paltry straw of reducing ■ lou pit. of
navy yards—not to bury the dead who have been
already interred in the marshes of the —net twice to slay the slain—it was for a great public
object. Really, Sir, the redaction of the gentleman
from Feiniaylvatiiii (Mr. Sunlit) reminds our ter'
forcibly of au incident which is said to hive takes
place at the discovery of the Gnupnw•cler I'lot.
When ronuni•stonrrs were sent into the pat liainent
riitlts to examine into the situation of the giros
powder slid combustibles collected together for the
purpose of blowing up the king. the parliament,
and the whole con/dile:Mu, they returned 4101 re-
wined th it they lid found fifty barrels of guile
poweles, that they hail removed five-and-twenty
barrels, and hisnihly trusted that the remaining tire'
awl-twenty would do no harm!—This is precisely
the reduction which the Committer and the gen-
denten from Pennsylvania have agreed to snake;
it is a reduction win h will not do any eflisctual
service, and I therefore hope the House will not ac-
cord in it. - . .

But we are told that great and gigantic events in
Euri7pe are to Ire arrested—that which the British
'my ninon, do, l suppose. or that which the corn•
blued continental forces opposed to lier cannot ef-
fect. is to be derided here by three frigates; for
that is precisely theestelit to which, if 1 understand
hint, he is wilting to go! It seems we are also to
suffer a total Ims of the ships to be sold. they be-
ing unfit fur every other purprue. Ate they unlit
for the East Indian trade? Ws* not the first vessel
that ever doubled the Cape of Good Hope unJer
the deg of the United Shoes, the old frigate 41.
hews a And would n.it these vessels, if sold. he
purchased for that and for other purposes, snore
especially whin we consider the immense loss 40f
t44nitaae which the United States have tois.stined
(I sill lint .sy how, but when) within the last two
yes II • 11nt elm, if well founded, would be no oh..
jectioti with rhe to the reduction of the navy. Ima
ottt-or, to put s clause io the 8.11 to authorize the
Pr•odent to glee the frigates 4060 y, if he minim le II
th.. 11• My of jectton to the earner is not inertly

to prunds, and pence—hot to the;
couuting-housecakidations—lintoo espetisce
Stay incommensurate to the otjettit to witch Wow
expenses profess to to, and to a.,,wystint of‘datolO
nizeil public plunder. If we agree to mak-Mini,
reduction, however. according I. the atatememt.asf
the gentleman from N'iNinia (NI:. Bassett). fo-
reigners will purchase from us ships of the best con-
struction in the world, on the hest terms. I be-7
here, if the gentleman's knowledge ou th- state of
our public skips was as accurate, as perhaps it is on ,
the other • subject., he would hardly suspect fo-
reigners of coming to our markets, for the purpose
of buyiug those ships to ttttt oy our eisinnieree. Who
will become the purchasers ? Great. Britain? Af-
ter having given her hundreds of thousands of tour
of your shipping, now suiliog under the British thn,,,,
and manned her navy with your seamen driven
from your employment, do you believe the Admi-
ralty will send across the Atlantic to buy the hu fee
rottiug at the navy yard ? Or would it be a for-
midable itccession to the British navy, especially
when four of these weasels are absolutely omit for

•ny purpose whatever ? I. presitine that even the
Emperor of France, if it were on object with hint
to have these fatuous models of naval ardiitecture
at Antwerp, would hardly venture to purchase
them, and run the, risk of getting them across the
ocean. 1 conceive you could baldly get insurance
done on theist at Philadelphia or Baltimore. The
idea of getting these vessels is ob.::doh-1y idle, unless
Gentlemen are rhymed to scud their cuoniueree on
the ocean, and employ force in the protection of it.
Sir, I do know that comparisons are extremely
unpleasant, and uo consider:4lam would induce me
to go into them, especially niter the observation of
my friend lvefore me (Alr. Macon), but the dis-
charge of a❑ iuipetious public duty. 1 can have
tin hopes of deriving any thing further thus. rape-
rietice front the past aittoiniussitiume—it is to make
use of this experience that 1 erta the attention of
the Howe to the comparative expenses of the navy
under the several actrutaiistrutioni.

',ll .'

I find, from the tie isury statement in my hand,
made on the sth of this month, that the navy tinder
General Washington's adiniiiistrat Mu cost deveu
hundred thousand dollars; that during the four
years of Mr. A•latita's adinini,tration it cost nine
imhltous seven hundred thousand dollars •in round
numbers; that in the eight years of the succeeding
administration it cost twelve WitlliOUS seven hun-
dred thousand dollars. I make these remarks, be-
cause the statement differs front That made by the.
worthy Gentlemen from Connecticut, in this re.
spect ; that when lie made the rapt itiliture under
the last administration to amount to fourteen mil-
lions, he did in my opinion improperly saddle that
ailmintstration twit the expenditure of the year
1661. viz. 2,111.12,-.. dollars, atithmised mid voted
under Mr. Ailaiiis's administration. From the
mere glance at this paler it will be seen, that fro*.
1601-1, the rtilienniture fell (min' the above
sum of two milhons to mite hundred thousand dol-
lars, making distinctly the retrenchment at the
period of Mr. Jefferson's accesitioa. The first year
properly chargeable to the last administrati tttt is
that succeediog the one in which they came into
office, viz. 1803. 1 find also, from a comparison
of the statements in the same document, that the
most extravagant year of the second administration
was the year 1800, the year after I first had the ho-
nour of a seat in this when the expennithre
amounted to 3.448,776 dollars. The most extra-
vagant year of the last administration was the year,
succeeding its g0t0,.,.- out of office. the eapcni..-a of
which were incurred and voted by' it, viz. to the
amount of 5,427,756 dollars.
Against the administration of 'Mr. Adams, I, in
common with many others, did, and do yet, cuter-
tent a sentiment of hostility, and have repeatedly
cried out against it for extravagapce inul for pro-
fusion, aud for wa-te, wanton waste of the public
reseturces. I find, intwel er, upon consideration,
whether from the nature of man, or float the na-
ture of things, or front whatever other cause, that
that administration, giossly extrevegaiat as I aid
then Rini st:11 do believe to have been, if tried by
the criterion of the succeeding one, was a pattern
if retrenchment and economy ; ami I a.k the
House to put the tilts shut to themeelves, whether
we are likely to see, at any future period, sit ucni.
nistration more economical than that of which we
have just now taken leave? And this I say, without
meriting to cast the slightest imputation on the
present. The person How at the head of :anis has,
at least in one respect, conducted himself in his
high office in a spirit dear to my heart ; it is the
spirit of a getitlemen. The first vi ssion of Con-
gress tinder the last edministration was a period of l
retrenchment. Throw the session of last summer
out of the qoestion, and this must be the session of
reform tinder the present. Have we soy reason, to
conclude from what we have seen or heated, that we
can look forward to any policy more economical
than that of the administration of which we have
just taken leave? 1 wish to he clearly understood,
thin in tRi- year 1800, in 'thick our expenses
utimunterl to :1,448,110t1 dollars, we had three 44-
gtlu frigates, slX.lrigatee from 44 to 32, two of
of a large size, lour of 32, smatter, eight from 32
to 10, three ',lmperil war, rod four brigs from 18
to Ift, and five brigs and schooners, from 14 to 12
guns, employing a total of '1,i06 seamen. This
adiumistriation, too, it should be rrinaiked, hot
mily built every Olean-, every vessel of
force (rat, Sir, built them from the stump), which
the United States now have, but many others
which have been since sold, and the proceeds of
winch have gone into the Treasury. At this time,•
them when the limited Staten had this formidable
force anoet, when steady 8,000 seamen were em-
ployed ; (I know the dot:annum only state 7,300,
Litt I min told, from the bust authority, there
were nearly 8,0004) when Mir flag at least triumphed
in our own semi ; when we had nothinguf that aye-
tetra of drawing within our shell, wh•cli the gentle.
man from Connecticut so justly derides; when we
had not readied the soft-shelled state in which we
are pieced by the Non-intercoutte law---at that time
the navy of the United S rtes cost neatly three
minions and ma ha. snaking for each seamen shout
472 dollars. I kunst.. Sir, that these statements are
dry, but they .r.• ustful in proportion as Wry ate
dry. dig curttrog to the statement which my colei
Ivaeue kla..et,) has untie, aiul which he bits
1,141 you net only caste fiats. the Secretors. of thee
Navy, loot assa,i the SeesEutry's owe. liateit:wrllling,
the outu'ot r us se ,rueir mahu.h we had la .t year, jo

,;pii:ley wet e1,V13, which relit the ns.t;no 4 40,000
dolhar:; for each mnn emplcytel tir.ttmi • init.
nf
OO itollars! Now, Sir, it every seaman ulqi,rti,
teat ailininietration cots elont•le the expeiew thith
-urtui iswitrred fur the same Malt under the prei-1.
tug one, if the Nettie vpiviltitil• C 0114411114 a. ow I.t
rut) reason to doubt that the station mat year
Kit
coat dminie.of their preterit exuvitlir. Lot evtri
suppose-44e eatwilee to reuiaM the cline a, it hut
6, will the representatives or the A t•
ngwe to maintain a mita% force which costa as
hisudreir 1..16in 13j dolhon per in•ii, a„,.
of
which i, amiss has attempted to tine s, much It,
to desiortlistrate ?

I wish to he indulged in a little farther.comptc,i,
five political ilitaiotny. I I,elieve, Sir, tlii.t the
same good results in polvics from comparing the
Invite ,of different mit 66 66 istrations. that re•ults in
niediettie and surgery from the atialsectioti of the
bum" bialy—that they are fairly to he tried by the
same rules. 1 find. then, that in this year tbiti,
the estimated pay el the adlitArs is 391,ttu0duhery
and that the estimated pay of the eentaarts, itt the
tonne year, is 818,000 dollars; and yet,'S;r,
the slum:the amw before tut-, mad which yrs t,,n,
tlrmaa 1:441 turn to, 11144 e fur the y cur ir.lu9, the
sitimi.trilc., of the officers, their pay, and that 14
the se.imen, atnonaits only to 9.96,tin0 dollari, g
sum less Ly nearly an hundred tlimisiniti
than the estimattd pay alone of the oflieers is
inon ; whilst the wqrelows of the whole estah!-,51,.
tnent approach, for the last year, sithin oat mil.
lion of dollars of the exp.nase of the year first tars.
boned. lam at a lose to account for these
feat iiico,isisteticies, and I might say 'solecisms in
our political orithinetic. We have a miry which
we are told employe 2,700 roen, which costs withl4
a third as much es a navy employing nearly tt,Onn
men; and yet, when we come to ecnspare the great
objects of expenses, to wit, pay and oubsi.:ence cl
the odiceis 'and' seamen, the reward of valour sod
merit, we find a contrast, which I larlieve so ma
iu this house is prepared to explain

tnr
in::
the
biaww:,et:S;tr
eti
urieta.
shc;,l
c'ectr:::vit
;le": i
:tie vitafi lode ol
proportion
lasimsrualrbypttjui teto4thgclietot(nasot
sxhilat,loisir
:k
boards
eneGflavo!fea t
mii.,:rttjhtai ism
marine corr.. I have •Iwelys underlitood that sm•
soil. tit owls a number of guns. I fit.d, that lade
year 160 u,
commission, mantled 'with 'wally 0,000 m.n. to
expense of the marine curl's unwonted to 1ti2.000
dollars; and in 1809, when we have ten or (diet.
vessels Or ell sorts. maimed with 2,300 Otilltlita. lite
expense of the marine corps summits to ethale
dollars : and yet, Sir. if we ktuk at the iteuv, thee
does not seem to lie a very great sal lauce bog es
snow of the most importain : for instance, I fig
that the clothiiti• ni-lboo was estimated at 33,01
dollars; in 1309 'at bat 33.000—and yet the moot,
•es limn cloth:11g costs 1,000 (loam's leas, cost, to the
aggregate, 50.4100 dollars more.
Then come the navy yards. Of these; that of
%Vastiimron alone hus..cost nearly one-half of the
slim expeoiled on them all. Well might my col.
Ireguie say' it was worth as much as the %hole, when
it lint eo-t as roach--when, indeed, we hare wit.
nessed a cmsiderahte town, and the most 'loutish.
ing town too in this wide region, called the city of
Washington. built out of the public treasury.
Yes, Sir, we have economised until we &bolster
hive reduced the anneal cost of a 'sestina eta
471 dollars, all it was under the very wasteful expes.
&tura of Mr. Adams's adminiatration, down istlie
moderate snip of 837 dollars! We have tom
nosed until a paltry fleet, consisting of vessels Wit
to our hand (to say tiothiog.of those that hove has
sold, and the warlike stores of which have been R.
tainted and preserved), which fleet was built, equip,
and evert/ cannon mad ithplement of war purchased
under the old administration, has cost us toele
millions of dollars, when it cost the preceding E.
atitustration but nine! Is this no argument fir
reduction? The Gintleman from Connecticut (Mr.
Dana) tells you he dues not wish an anothi!atia,
hot a reform of the naval establishment. Sir, at
long as a single chip remains in that navy.yard, yos
will never see any thing like reform--es long n
you have a chip of public property. one chip of
live oak belonging to the United States, you will
have a mutt riding in his canine with a long ietinse
of deputies and clerks, to take care of it. And,
Sir, if the Gentleman from Connecticut does net
mean utterly to disgust the pelile of the United
States against a navy ; if, in truth, he is a (needle
a navy, le ought to Join and put down this oar
yard ; and net, with my friend from North Coto
lime (Mr.4.llacon), keep it up, in hors the WO
rutty of the evil will it some time or other coned
itself !
Among the many 'reasons offered to this Ilea
for retaining the ruinous parts of ibis estaldistuest
no one iiaid a word in favour of the marine coal'
that went sub sileraiu—but a great deal was ssitlit
fasour of Washington. We were told that our flea
might be Copenbagened. *nil that it ass thereke
to cesanry to stow it ewer here. We also heard 4
the great press or work o, the large towns—of ds
mercantile employ which there canoe into compel'
Lion with that of the United States. 1 believe, Sot
that our wen kinen, and men of all descriptions. ital
the highest to the lowest—i speak of sulandinstia
—have long ago found the truth of the old praerrtio.
that the King's chaff is better than other fame
corn. But it seems, that in order to get a comae
dity cheap, we are not logo whirs it is to be hid—.
oh Ito! there is competition!—bat we must hood
workmen here in the mail-conch, by which come?,
once, I understand, not only live stock for the i.ar)'
yard, but copper bolts. and such light articles2lo i
sometimes brought-1 replica". to get oat oft
virsy of competitiou—comrtition in the markt t
Philadelphia mud Baltimore, where they are boss
at private Sae. 111 this way have seamem inS _ I
instance,.• been conveyed ; and esiores oninW
every material of ship's timber and naval stores lola
been repestedly brought from Norfolk thislnepnl .
at an immense cost, worked up here itit
01;
'rifest from Baltimore, Philadelphia. Sc''. _
or::
flint. so worked up, it might go back to :‘ L
there to remain ! But, Sir, if nitr object rode
to preiesit our fleet from bring Copetinsge;.
1)61.1 better lint it above the falls of Niagara. :
B'Sioistil iserinestiowiLly Le moat secure; IT'
Ace}rifirtoYrolol.4Bl:ll4!"tilithetf seriesr"s'lle i
ofl telluhlearrmib:ukte:sisP7Tu7nlidla'rh'; :''

li

sly adopted far the protection of our commerce
navy.
• bare orotect ships of war ! This is in-
Ali CIO n`
1 porting the. rart before the horse. We are to
3 nave for the prot..etioii of commerce, and .
oar meesorell in reluion to it are
m cslcolatesl on
g bon.
of keeping It, (poor thing!) like some
I,lout of hantes way 1 the same rn.
day chi"" h
noisy on whit: t e navy yard is kept
twee, viz. for fear that inereilants and ritly-rs
00 1.10114w° competition with the Government,
we have sent armed
atdfar workmen to
sin oliebisildrugs. If the navy yards
public
1,:. kept op here ine.ely that it may he u.ler
Pr would humbly sowyest, Sir, 'bat we fiist
~,;cunt the bean that hay 50 lung Mit011.4,1
e nee•i only do that to see this building fulling
oos si • .er our heads; and yet ;.n enormous ap.
(yrisnoll Is called 105 "'Nardi 11511.hling it, which
hare' so doubt my worthy colleague over the way
Gs ori-1 will przas very strongly before the close
toe seoaois.
4 Its forgotten the guts-bouts ; and perhaps the
.t rofee which ion be taken of them is that
„di". taken oil MAR ,IC I;,0/1111 of other things, to
6r aloes Milli They are lint worth
• .mo accoord., except for their expense.—
•
41..ireowast hate : and baubles, and we must
owiees• .11 • Xlo.lohe of snotty mullions vi,
11111 P 0
• furivalttOS 1).••:% 0.1 -.
t„c.d!, .•t our snot:dittoes vessels met
ty aloe h.,1; Obit AlOll, that they were to be por-
i.y and : and that the
of my cone iv Ile (Mr. Bassett) are to be
if sot onto bodily kyr, at least out of
ear prsre of inmil, by these ve-sels ; and at the
is Hum we acre told that Christophe was in Well
,a watt only forty miles °tr. that vessels are
ttriog st paltiniure .for his use; and yet, Sir,
gi.inleinan hes brought forward • Bill, making
r,;,..1 to supply these hart.arians with ship* of
warlike stores. In other words, Sir, to
Mad ti possibility of Christophe an 1 11. s .eisinen
endtring on bawl these rotten hulk., my red.
would mach rather drive luau luto
store he ran purchase good vessels, which
tl assert his purpose muds better then these
:ones witch thn barbarians wend hot lvmw how
/eans.zr, and which ate not calculated, from their
~3r for predatory warfare in the Areit
oirin sea.. My surthy colleague, too, has given
• earism illustration of the superiority of initial
military force, by comparing the navy of Great
...vide with her army. I suppose, if the argument
•wereforted on my colleague, by a comparison of
ay of Bonaparte with his nary, he would say
'bit the same amount vita trot there expeuded upon
r pray; whereas, in England, the ain•unt of
easy expended no each is squat. But does not
y collmigue k, ow that one, and the chief cause
siemmtwriority of the British ttaty over 'Be molly
is, Nit :a the navy men rise by merit—that they
do ant get in (in use a seaman's phrase) " at tlso
cads ~;,,fa...;"-311:1 that the army. if we gibe
freitol to t!.t Par:i4Utentafy iitersqatila, is emcee
siat nitairoption, • mere engine of pairbhage, sod
• place is wniih • corrupt Contratilder-in-Chief
sets seeording to ht. vile pleasure, and the pleasure
of al t'Y pimps. and 'washes, and harlots. who en-
test km! 'ft So, is tie cause of the superiority
of .he naval nr.r the military force of Great Britain.
Bat «heti toe British navy 84.11 have elf. tied what '
the armies anther nation, front time immemorial
re do.e, *lnto it shall have sulijogated whole
aitiartits, then will 1 agree is the 5U1151110r power
noel Over IllUitary force. I have 1.0 hesitatinu
tisityit,;, that I island ember vote for naval than
wits; force; and it is, because a naval force has
C 41.11115 power as a military ; I hare never heard
ofs despotic power created by a navel force, unless
With respect, Sir, to this patriotism. or Oil re-
pablicanisol, that bat left the tobacco fields and
nano plattatious, sod taken up it: dwelling in the
eiviht-lletnie, I peg leave to express my doubt of
Owlet. 1 never Live had that high ;volition of
the et: re' hle d,... expressed by some gen-
tlemen is this House-1 think of tl:em as of other
moo; Vast in proportion to the t .oin'otions to
__,..44(41 141 are ex pose. , an are they tirttious or
Rut, Sir, I have not, and t7cr lot hive
maii.treice is a man to whom the Great Emperor
Ittsgiven a fraternal squerte' whose properly is se-
-410"1,1".1 at Bayonne or Si. Sebastian— dicta" •i
tin thugug persouul ..fusion—l speak of a class
00---:rwcanrrign re
iudlzie the confidence on the aobject of
on si in a man so situated, that I
es_nohisset:lithepplaternter or farmer, whose property
17.1 fr 1i his land, around the house in which
• ',. .ow
.I,eps: and why ? because. manes,' inu.
fotrii, I ill old um hay Ie t same coutideoce in
twa•ir; I should
111 Ch nailer not believe it Possible, if I had
co_.,
came
freefinis sequestration in France, dust I
ou the bias which the jeopardy of
'ba:4l,ll7e
coerywulimw
of .
arty
on my mind.
y observations, I think I for-
1473:mii nen that when the United States kept
we▪ a. lit "'r
eo vessels afloat, mid employed 8,000
Vivi, „mit 46_441_ 9"avy-fards at all. Uwe had.
, Late been some extraurlinary oversight
eD
fmmed by the thee Secretary of the Treasury ;
I ve were tart any mote apt then
ionfil mt,any items of public expense ; they
Loll could.) In the estimate which I
Ae3 there. is 1.0 item of that expense.
L3'' if t Home agree, (which
0 mach of the Repent of tbe Conesit-
‘-eownhib.et
laiwhyn.ewass retains the frigates and ships ni
place, and
convent to cut down the
„...7ru'll at ttlisil end break down the super-
dry marines. I hope, at least, that the mo-
rtars rid be redtieed,
asul that we shall -retain, at
re nut y-yards than :lips.
Leto
',ate bees received rout Cmma to te
31. t alt,, whirl
.!B.ruvalia no &lotion to our army :ha
tbe• r"ou'auee
batti_ I.k renders it extremely probable
he 17 Asa bf• II fought up to * few dove
'Lat d_ate. Great confidence pretraillewl
ertett.t.
nbitt:ith ditetowelished
im▪
ainritt t
jat• The Governor bad ordered part of the
. amid new works to be
.exnected would enable. eves
84:‘,41.:olgidsrs.
it•6letiatoot delett.id the place for aurae time.
t'ort,nz., Tate partied it from being taken by
tnioto, anneunt • Governer bed also issued a Prods.
• or. the
„main's! to the inhabitants. that its the
I,,nne
e!):e
to
b.
ary advancing into triety
arm "old be calle.l out to es, Pose data uragitn.

ppt,
hod

rot.
)mmo
hid-

I.llm'

Y fe~~'

'kris
bowl
I°S.

rnFAIRS-ROYAr., yrAr-7yf4Rirtl.
THIS EVENING, FRIDAY, 4„s„,t to, will bt
seater; a My, in Three Ads, cubed
•
TiJI FoIN rOF tioNoug . .
St. Franc, Mr. Eyre; Valcintr, Mr. Fart,y ; Dorimel.
C. Keelhte ; Sttinfort. Mr. Mathews; ZenSer, Mr CACI
Mrs Sreerttlit ; itertlrt, Mrs 41.0iblts.
Attcr which (fouribi rime) a Iturlestoe Tragic Opera, in Use
Art, rstletk
• 13UMEANT ES 1-1711,1 t ISO !
Artsistorallldiwi (Kiax,nt Utnl);4;, %Ir. Mathews ;
(Min6ter.nr State), Mr. Taylor; General Hombastes, Mr. I
Listou. Distaclina. M. 1411 H. Eelly.
To whirls still be aridett; the Furs. est •
PIM AND GOV NTER 1.116 PkeitTRAIT
UP CEItVAPII
Fain°, 'Air. Mathews; Pritr.llu, Mr. Listim. Flestri,e,
LOlCllirl, Mrs. 314 thews ; Juana,
Mrs.

The New Burlesque Trazie Otters of Runthear. tuna%)
was arm received with utiseitntium bursts ut applutite, awl
tr,ll be reprattrt every et...abut till futther make, except
Mondry MAI .-Tl/ •ISIOYIUW. with The Doubtful !Iwo, suit A
Day after the Wr.ldic*
-

NEW MLI.O4IIIAME—EIGHTEENTIL NIGHT.
LYCEUM THE' ATR R.—EN(I LIM OPERA.'
THIS EVENING, FRIDAY, Augest to, will be performed
the Cosam.Opera of
UP ALL NIGHT; ON, 'll hit: SMUGGLERS' CAVE
Admiral Blunt, Mr. Doable.; Yonne Heartwell, Mr. Phi-
lipps, Juliana, Maas Kelly, Flocs, Miss E. Holum
With (fin the. tads limn) ■ New Melo-Dramatic Tottertaln-
set in, celled
TWENTY YEARS AGO.
The Principal Characters by Mr. Raymer!, Mr. Knight,
Mr. J. Smith, Mr. howtini Mir., E. It.,hi,oh, Miss Kell)
The slew Melo-Dramatic Entertainment of Twenty Yi,rs
Ago, continuing to be receithil with smircied bursts of ap-
plause, will he repeated To•murrow, after Oh tins Love ! or
The Mamptera.!ers
On Mon/ay nest will he performed (for the first time) ■
New Grand Muck-Heron w. herio-Cornie Beret of Action,
galled Jack the Giant-1011er ; in which Ma. Bradbury will
make big first am:maser at this Theatre.

TIC 1;,1 T 1 Sli PRE SS.

LONDON,
FRIDAY. AuGun 10.

We have received Paris Papers to the 3,1 instant.
They de.crihe the hoe Expedition on the coast cf
G.Mei', in which an English squadron was assisted
by a Spanish force under General POKLEAR, as
a iiii-erable and onsuccssful marauding attempt.
This, however, is gross misrepreselitaion, as may
beaten in the address of thauks from the Junta of
Galicia to Commodore Manus, who commanded
the English squadron, in which they state, that
the great advantages cf which it has been
pro Itictive are• very evident, by the annoy-
auve which it has occasioried to the enemy along
the whole of the coast, iii ()looting the port of
Santotur, and compelling Min to withdraw from
other point's where his progress would have
produced groat evils. The Monitear also men-
tions the Expedition of• party of cavalry, to revolt-
nonce the Eiighsh posts ; and odds, that by the
reports of peasants, our army was retiring be-
yond the frontiers i.f Portugal, leaving Almeida
to be defended by the Portuguese ; sod that the
Spaniards were stationed on our flanks and front !
Here again we trace the same vireo, fiderhoo.l,and
misrepresentation.—Where danger is to be en-
countered, Or obstacles to he overcome, the British
troops have ever been the foremost in the field.—
This is their character, and it was never more con-
spicuous thou in the present war in the Spanish
Peninsula.—BONAPAßTS may hope by this ca-
lumny to lower the English in the estimation of
their Allies, and of the rest of Europe; but he de-
ceiWa bimself their reputation. for valour is too
well established to suffer any person, however weak
or ignorant, to believe that they /would fall back
like cowards into the rear, leaving the post of ho-
nour and of danger to be maintained by the Por-
tuguese.
. . .

fiLsassaa it putting Ciudad Rodrigo in a state
of defence, and is going to undertake the siege of
Almeida.

The English Paper, The Arpts, published at
Paris, terminated its career on the 31st ult. with a
long tirade against this country.
We this day give the Speech of Mr. Rstrootwii,
in the American House of Representatives, respect-
ing the American Navy. In the present state of
the relations between this country and the United
States, the subject is of great importance ; and to
all those who wish to acquire a perfect knowledge
of it, Mr. RAIIIIO/.7111 speech will furnish power-
full assistance.

Though it is not believed that America will de- '
dare war against France; it it supposed that she will
resume. as far as ►elates to France, the pnnt•iple of
the Non-Ititercrainte Aet. But this.. the AfilefiCOD
merchams would do of their own atcord, for none
of theta would venture to send vessels to French
ports, where they would he sure of meeting confis-
cation and condemnation. lieneral AU/STRONG,
alums we stated yesterday to have seat dispatches
to Mr. Piaimair, in the Cartel that arrived on
Tuesday, his transmitted to him the details of the
condemnation of American property in France.
Sotto, Naples, and Holland, cud notified his in-
tended departure from Paris.
lit• the San Ignarico, mama at Portsmouth front
Commis, tette.. to the 1•t instant have been re•
calved. General MAHER remained Isefwe Astorga;
and on the 38th July. published a Prod-km.l6cm,
in which he calls span his army to compensate by
the reduction of that city the leis of Coutlid
Ito-
dngo. which he Oddly plaecs its the same rank with
the tootwortal cities of Ssrogerwo and Gerona. The
French. under, Itou strr, hail entered Asturias, Meth
a view to diim a M 41116 from Astoigo. Fears
were entertained by some of the approach of the
enemy to Cantons,. ti:e new fortifications were
pnthrd•otr with ailit non 4 eo-►gv in consenrieuci.
Rut Corwina appears secu►e Ito:a attack fen' some
time.

1.4
:•Li,
N.,: - . • ' 1
(11 v•st-' 0 .4:?71. \.,,.. %•-a* i, tiO 11
..
