.

. .
'tsi.3
td cads the infint Liberties or Naples, 164 sattl4ll
the growth liberal ovirsciples its Ego". 'peg
evince some sinwillingdess to isqomiskilissAllatelltt
Itavote of such ea Meadow' pertirM. !Wit leak
Upon it as a rtitisticibli .corrobstrodatr* brioortl
Mons upon this subject, that es seAO Attitrisii
officers have passed through Mihin Itls~lrf *Tact
arrest and hound, on asernior," says lbs
stitetiowel, as it is not doubted, of violists
which they have manifested." the *Morel
here tiotieed moat of course be understoo4 upi-
niona.hostite to the principle on which this 'sr of
Aggression is conducted; and should such opinioits
become the theme of entiverantion among the &S-
-eers. who can believe that the inferior soldiers are free
from the like impressions ? We elite:gains sanguine
hope that this crusade against Naples, which was
meant to extinguish for ever the light of freedom
in Italy, will base the effect of promoting and
extending its influence not in Italy alone, but also
in Germany. The attitude of defiance assumed
by Naples has excited in every generous mind
Ihreughoot Europe an ardent feeling of respect
.std sympathy, and cannot fail of inviting • every
stallion not yet /delimit with freedom with the sew-
lotion of bunting the chains of slavery. The
Austrian and Prussian Cabinets might perhaps tit
no great distance of time find employment enough
for their wisdom and power nearer home, in en.
deavours to check the march of freedom, and
slipuld their embarrassments eventually .prove
greater than their means to control them. they will
have the coneolotion to think that their °utters,
against Naples was the origin of their difficulties.

Jamaica P.rpers to the 20th of January, received
yesterday, announce the convalescence of the Duke
of MANCHESTER. Elia Grace was able on the
13th to attend to hairiness, •und public meetings
were convened to congratulate him upon his re.
covery.
The capture of Lima by Lord CoctlitA MI, lately
announced in the American Papers. hav been since
contradicted by more recent advice. received at
Cadiz, and communicated in the Paris Jourmils;
The Jornarce Papers confirm the latter accounts;

Mr. CANNING arrived in town on Wednesday
night from Paris.
We would call the attention of nor enders to the
statement of laying to the country proposed by
Mr. rlumx, in the Army Estimates of this year,
and we leave the country to judge of the facility of
effecting it by the reduction 019 only 20,277 men,
leaving 210,373 regular and irregular troops for the.
service of the country at home and abroad, eacu
sin of India!

The following is a correct report of Mr. Humes
statement, in the debste un the Army Estimetrii.
of the proposed saving► to the country, by the re-
duction of only 20,277 regulars from the army t
81,106 men, leuviiig the number of 60,829 reguler
cavalry and ministry, 149.544 of militia and yee-
loamy for the service of the country, and ready to
he called out in support of the civil power. via.—
' Use-fourth of the present estimated Charge for •
Pay and authing fur 81,108 Men
One-funrth of she Charge of the Commissariat,
Barrnek% and Extraurainaries . 434,769
Redactions is Retrainee, Goreinona. Military
College, Military Asylum, and Half• Pay 111,1117 •

--..........,
Total

We learn from Cape Frare no, under date of the
45th of December, that President BOTIII, lifter
haring organized all the branches of the Adminir-
(ration in the north of the i.land, has transferred the
seat of Government to Port-au-Prince. A part of
the troops, whn bad Resembled from the West and
South to overthrow the despotism of CURISTOPII6,
awe reterned to their gardirons. 1' he widow of
CNRISTOPHE has retired with her children Port-
au- Pritwe ; the Pretident of the Republic has saved
them from the fury of the enemies of the tyrant.
The widow of DEbsAl.llll5 is now also iu the sanh
toms, under the immediate safeguard of the Presi-
dent Boxea. The countrymen of this excellent
Chief of the Government- now resident in France,
have made him a present of •n ebony bath,
ornamented with hop of gold and trophies.—
(7 he Ceasilistliottel.l

HIGH TREASON.—Nlotiday, Thrones Ferriaterad,
whose trial stood over from last Assizes at York,
was capitally convicted of haeilig conspired, with
several others, to overthrow the King's government.
The prisoner was secretary to the confederacy. A
number of his accomplices :e, our readers may
recollect, fantod guilty at the last Assizes, on their
aura Colsity,jol , and have hem trafttported; among
these was a young mac, a sun of Ferriessoad's. The
,arisusier is 57 yews of age. The natal sentence of
the law was passed ma hien by Mr. Justice BIM.
Liulrility of Persons to l!eromprlled to Prosecute
Offetiffors. —At the lair (Atal., :! sort Assizes, Mr.
Justice Bat Laid, be wished to mike a few obser..
emotions, whiCh perhaps were vrry inuch called for.
A member of the Grand Jury (11r.CMHISTIAM)
bud repeesented to him, sieve his charge was deli-
.vered, that. the Magistrates in tint wooly (and the
sante war the ease; ins I.Ordaliip understood, in mini),
pees of the Isioipium) had tn. t with considerable
difficulty io the discharge of their duty, itt conse-
quence of a notion that had gone *broad, that a per-
son could not he bows) over to prosecute, bust only
to give evidence. This armor in coosequenee of an
objection made at our of the metropolitan
ces by a gentleman, who at the same time re-
ferred to au Act of Parliament to bear out his as-
seition, It was certainly tr,ul that she aiictof pHILIP
and ARY, here alluded to; give rite Wrote@ no
inch power .; but ;lint Act had little to do with the •
subject. Hy the C01111:111U11 1414, •the lad& Mr-
gtstrotes a right to frtillllle persons to be bound
over to pro.eciste ; and neurons refusing should be
told that the Magistrate is limited with power to
compel them. His Luralrliip knew nothing of this .
misconception bat what he lead seen in the newspa-
pers; yet it was necessary that its rehire fallacy
should be known to every our.
