and the adjacent entinties, and by steedfastness,modera-
tarn, and unanimity, way it always tend to promote the cause of
rational liberty."
The CH•t a maw nest gave " Lord VITO,, One of the oldest
founders of the Club, and tire of the brat and num eurisistew
(stouts of the people." This 1.411 t was received with the expression
of the wannest and most affectionate respect towards the Noble
who sat on the right of the Chair, and appeared (we regretted to
obeerve) in a very feeble mate of health.
Lord CaLwc-11 cooli-es it give* me great satisfirtion to meet
so many kind friends here, whom I have often seen before support-
wg the principles which we have met tine day to maintain. They
are rinciplen which deserve to prosper t they have pwspered, and
Wag may they continue to do so. (Appian...) i.e toy own part
I ewe say, that for the It w years I may yet have to lute, you way
orminiand we, and be savored Or arty attachment to the "good old
cause" you are mseinbled this day to support.
ling—a• Auld langsyne."
The CUM.' m AN then gave—
" The cause of civil and religious liberty all over the world."
This toast 1,11% received with WINI:411041, acclamation.
The ChI•IOMAN here called 111,011 Mr. Swatikk, the Secretary, to
read the decimation of the doh, which set forth its objects and
:misdate. lie vats happy in osting that *discussion had taken place
spun It before dinner, at which the utmost ottani iii it y prevailed. as
to the sentiowids and principles it entataihrri. lie was the noire
happy in being able to assure the cotepany of this. as a report
bed been industriously circulated that they were divided. No dis-
oral Plummer was to be wood atlioolo them. This wan to thew
a satiefactioo aid a tr;usnitii--tu their enclitics a severe murtilicAtion.
(Applause.)
tiw•alts it here read the declaration.
WII Ift DECLARATION.
• This Areoriatiod was Wooed to foster anti maintain the prin.
alphas of the glorious revoletion of 1431, and wan called • • Whig
Club, with reference to the Wild and enlightened men who tried to
remedy the political abuses of that day.
By the fill of Weds it was declared, tiro Parliament might to
be held fretriently, and that elections of sleinhers of Parliament
might to be Wee.
Hy the sixth of irilliars unit Mary. the utmost extent of time
that the mine Parliament Wan allowed to sit was three years.
By the Act of Settlement it Wan ordained, that no person who
has an of or place of profit from the King, or receives a pension
from the Crown, shall be espahle cf nerving as a Member of the
House of Cone:none t which was snlorquently modified by Arts
of Parliament passed in the reigns of Queen Anne and George I.
Here, then, the umst timid have before then principles of re-
form which may be carried into elfect simply by reverting to past
measure of tried utility, whit h foam the law and constitution of
the land during the best par: ion of its history.
- -

he was asked was practical benefit was expected to arise from it
fortiontimi. As he wan mil endowed with the gift of prophecy, he
could not then predict, hut atter an experience of three years of its
usatitorion, lie frit josatified in minoring, that the moat beneficial re-
sults would arise from it. To it. atol !nab:Oar institutions, the
country aso, in • gr•at degree indebted for the charge which
they oboes-veil wan taking place in the (otyledon(' the Ministers. 1i
a noire lila riot worm of corturtenriel policy was odopti 41 • if •
more conciliatory mode of goveroinent vino her:inning 19 ix in.
frodureil into Ireland—if, in slw,, a trite, d licate attention was
paid than hitherto had Iwen paid to nil questions in which the
liberty of its m.l.:!•.et was concerned, throe eimsequencos might
justly Ix •ltribillval to the principles which they avowal, and
had industriously promulgated. Ile would not say that ouch
an alteration was motels, ant Mutable In this' Society, but he would
he hold eiunigit to allirou that it leas mainly notributa"le to the ge-
nern/ inanifestation of opinion thiouglostit the contatty. (Loud
cheers) would beg to c ill the attention' of the 'huh to the pe-
riod of 11117, when the IFhitra of Cheshire araertcol the privilezes of
free citirens, no a manner worthy of men who, !knew their rights,
and. knowing them. email maintain them." I Apy listise.) That
la 6.1 had now run. ley t!:‘, Whig. of Chester bad resin its re.
nu miter it with pride: many of the principles they had the::
promulgated were adopted by their opponents; nod, as lie
wits one of thine who did nod pursue political difference► to a stir
of extermination. he owned he wa• glad to see the wiry language
and sentiments of a large meeting of pertoms, c.a.tairdy nut eery
friendly to them, toc meted foal the very code of IVlliggion. Hut
although, a more con: liatory system had been adolottal, the thrum_
stance of basking at that moment in the stinsliide of prosperity,
should not allow them to nloo in their exertiwo+, nor induce them
tot avoid paying a strict and je:ihruis a.tention to their rights ; for
they should cool bear in mind that it wan always necessary to con-
tinue the moue exertion by whirl, they bad acquired their freedom,
in order to preiterve it. (Clwerto., Itefere he sat down, he
Innis, to advert to another topic—lreland. Ile hoh Lady re-
turned from • 'lain visit to that cottony, whose welfare ant hap-
piness ought to be aa dear t., Ecttlishnien as their own. (Hear.)
Although a woe liheral policy Isla begun to be called into 0114.1.4-
tion there, yet c.ngt.,,,t owooi tier sister eontitty u large arrear or
kirdntas and liberality, which lie hoped she would soots repay.
Ily !therein y be did non neon a liberality of the mina!, such as had
lately been exttaided toward,' her, and which voila well enough in its
w yin exercise. waste a tkegulation front starvation. although that
indeed wood rot others ise lie fairly regarded titan eaten:l:ring hark
to Ireland a few 'llona:ands fur the millions which we had wrung I (OM
hit in the shape of taxation. (hear.) Hat he meant • liberality of
heart and sentiment. which should make every matt re aril his fel-
low as • brother. and tint trample on him be,•ause he might baviwil
to) worship his 3luker another Mriti front that which we pro-
fess. (Loud and long oisminued cheering.) An active apizit was
how alive anatiipst the people of that country, to look itasionisly
and car:K.l,lr aria restoration and einploynimt of their civil Mi-
n oolitic+. Ile load not ao en math of Ireland, but front what he had
wen, lie was convinced it was iievessary to allay that factious feel-
ing by which a on:us had a right or thought to tyrannise over and
Maul( Isis fullavo.iiien. (Auld:mist.) C.ouhl they he surprised th et

without, vier.ilire, in the least presenting to lay down any disc. I men thin ii.oolted and or sri.sstol, were goaded into resis-tsmce ; or
legtomme mode of all i rather w.ot it not a owner of coog•ottolation and pestle to their coot-
trine Selo the metes of obtaining the only
, i mon hionanity, that they were Onto alive to the wrongs' and op.
reform—on upright administration of alliiirs--or pretending to sir- I
1 presnotts of which tiny hail been unjustly mode the taunt's, tinfos
Brae the exact limits to which each particular measure .Medea be that art of justice and Itherolity to which he hail alluded were len-
extended ;or to determine *heater the adoption of some may not Id• red, and,lelolll3' rent' fled it'll. to thateoultire• lea". io-
otroil of !wing, no site hod hitherto been, •• die right arm of Pug-
'supersede she necessity of ',Otero; it appears that the ben security I lond," seniiii become a constant suture of jealousy and weakness.
against she evils we complain or, will be found in sonic suels uses- I Mond chetoing.)
mute as the following :
The Cii ant Ilan neat proposed `• Mr. G. Philipps, and the
Ist. That nolianicats should be elected more frequently. Whigs of leancioshire."
31r. TAY Lon sof 31nneliester), in therabsence of Mr. Philippa.
7d. That inefficient ant! subordinate placenten be excluded from
retormil thanks on the part of the Laticathire Club. Front 1114.'1
the House of C:uniiiims. numbero mod growing iicellioeore. they w oe entitled to take a lead
3d. A more expeditious and less exisensite mac of voting at and ininiwtent oath's, in politic?, lairs. With respect to that
coo tat pairit
elections.
of Lancashire ( limoltioter) with nth to was eo si hntrd , s
bosun. them, Ono the mottle there, who were denied all share is
Sib. A more full and equal repreoentation of the people in Par- the mitten:motion of Paroautent, would not cells in their exertions
liament, and such an extension of the el, et inc tratwhise in bo •oughs until they bail mooned those civil privile•es which others pot.
stole 41., soda.
tom
twhh,ii•ilit,.!rhictiri:lkittyno
wiehticii:ll, i!inislitatet,imaersoce.eereminottenwilayie.47,l,edg,
and large towns, as their Mc:stoic, opulen:c, and intellige•ke hilly
Justify and tequire• it had bum ',commended by the Whigs, and it was a triumph to
The Club considers then` nominees to be In strict contirmity Whig nal to SIX even hick tidemarks obliged to sot upon
end) the recognized prinnisles of the Cimstioitioo, and to involve their ,u,ogestiono. 31r. T. made a few additinoal wept peen.
[hint ohocrytenois on the present state and progreos of 'Wing prin.
no risk, except of thou abuses shich every friend of his country
cipho, and vottlieowd the Whig. of Laneoshire trout entertainirg
would wish corrected, and which even their most ::alms advocates Hoe, or having at any time unchained, treasonable or seditivus sus-
me unable to defend. thumb,.
he t . at e would next the att
lib e of
Finally, the main me of this, and similar 2111WViAtiOnt, is to kelp
theT club Cit
toAth Lit so saidM
at Mien-oeth counh try where the !
baite of entirtyon was
alive the old free spirit of the country, and to enllon the oranetel i new Is agisig._where the gluey of freedom first rose, and where, utter
friends of rational liberty under such a lxmd of mein! union. as will culturiee oil dark:le-1, it re-appeared. To what country are vre.in-
encourage it.dependent in ii to speak their -
exasions, insunn4 toe toleration, if not the propagatiim, of liberal based in our min ? We have drank from the mac fountain of
Greece—froni her Miami ult. her ports, and her orators- Look
prineiplco; and above all, oo to secure, whenever sufficient cause even at your own town. dal ask yin:nu:lves, to whatdo you owe the
arises, and in spite of the obstacles which faction and legialation architectural b• city which distiintaislico your public buOdings ?To
(;.y...,, whirls !applied the modelo. 111 short, tht re ennocoutury
lave imposed till its exercise, a continuance of the inestimable
winch presence-din many altictiog consitkratients to enlist the spo-
tlight of meeting and petitioning tlw losoislature. patties of the et' ilie2d mild iii its favour. The President, in
bred Cite:Wl:. en the health of Mr. Philips, M.P. bring pro- ritwitsent terms, duscrihed a late Envoi victory obtaimol by the
po•cd, returned thanks on the part of lust gentleman, mil ord... Greeks twit the 'Fork., and comforted by proposing_“ May
giant for bin absioure' in ronsequetwe of • doinenic 4 olicoity. the libertine of modem rival the glories of ancient Greece."
loser was a Meother of the Club (nett Sletrordshire presets., how- The Crt siesta,' next oreposed the health of their late Pion-
eer", to whom they were particularly indebted few MI exertions dent. Colonel !Dylies, wills ythose eloquence, on the lost anniter-
that day. (We molerstood that Mr. Toilet was prittripnlly in- Bare, the club wt,s ~,, ddightt.o.
atrunistool in timely% up the Whig declaration ill its amehdes: Coro:int. lit:ours, 31.1'. rcoirried t!iankn. The difficulty
shape.) Tiii• Noble Lord concludeil, by proposing which he would feel on an ordinary occasion, war in no small de-
" Mr. Toilet and the Whigs of otan um
orddi." gree increased by ter too flattering tenon in which their worth!
Mr. Tottri, in returnioh• shook.. was apprehensive that his i Peraident hail aottouneed it. The gallant Colon,l, in a strain of
lO.yde Friend, in proposing his health, hail overrated any little 'normal'e chomp/we, which the late arrival of our reporter its town
Mire of 'nerd that he 'night here hail in the discussion coon the 1 pc:re:lts on this slay Proust insetting, condemned any competition
declaration of their principles which took place in die rony part 1 for place between Whigs aml 'runes, am! expressi dhis attachment
of the day ; he could wily latOclaint to the humble merit of hat air to this Club prit.ei trolly in reuse it !pledged itself to promote u full,
aids avowed. with others, to reconcile °visions, which, if nut rte:.... , fair, and free representatis o of the people, wl:ich he deemed esscn-
tiom
tiles', might 'Plod er of tri ttttt ph and congratula ism to their i teal to the lust ititenoto of the ciontre.
aelsenariro. Although the origin,' declaration contaiiiisl me liiito I 'Flue CHAP:Maw then 'wormed the health of 31r. Smutick, the
*Oat did me fairly come within the Tacit of somistitutionol police, S ease! of the rho,, to whitey inanogement the Club was greatly
or panel:ea she el:tweeter of beta',! halls, yet collltiArraill.. eau. indebted for its arrangements, and the superintendence of its in-
don ass requisite 10 he .•rerc,sell in pulling lora, the &Moran., of . uncap emit,,,,..
a poldical bdy, no as to render it acceptable to the (mot ion Moat 31r. SWAN len was not ereirciotio of the possession of Paints
isms:here. Sintle et the preliminary Moo real ions in the &ell-onion which could emile him to us II merit% a mark of noprobation.
afrora.tl mama. tddisill%stOr. The se Motivations wire ;0,,,,1,,A, Ile mot happy, however, if be could be found even moiler:it' toy
m part of them could not. wish strictoess, be put 11p.m the recoils , useful in promming the principles of the !'tub, to which he was,
of WY Sono v. Disunion aao avoided, nod aliadts et dith r, tee i Iran teethe: and convictimt, atiacluel. This War the bas: tittle lie
were sof:cned down, so as to enable then: to come (moan! with I should loti.• the la tt t ttt or its appear as their Secretory, and lie was
• sleclarstion, which was, he t0•p...1, satisfactory to all el•'`w 1"f kilns.' In congrottilate them sin the unanimity which revolted
Whigs. Suns • aunts ty us the present was tawny,. us. Oil, anicsoost diem, mot which i.e holes! they would continue to cherish.
and partimlorly so in t la.hire awl the adjoining counties Although ti cy might split upon tennis. they were agreed upon
into which it wan e‘froded, (Loud applause.) 11 hatter (srinciples. (Milne, hem) The Holy .11liance bad reared itself
might be the dun; sof ffilicrence eniongst iii,lllStlyes, the true per_ tom a nowt neon: deopotion, which rendered the union of
ciple of Whiggicii sat atioulneetit to cite Constitittion. I Ali- mon nun on good psiticissies mote necc•seary. They saw now on
Nouse.) Ile (Mr. T.) became a Whig from a love of the Consti_ the continent of Bump e Cordie niiilioos at the command of ionits•
ham, and he wood continue a Whig from a stroke of presertinit which were like vast to wing inachines, with a small moving
it, ((Akers.) Irolens something were done it wan impossible that power, dotigeroto IP thint•an. ht Hilt to Illations (applaltne); but
Me rade wroth! he oelitheil in the Present orate offfisily inerrant% there woo an else:int. "woe yowerful thin any !hot Oespotism
leit'll'Xto'er. I Ileac l) It was the fashion to designate thew s lin Ott. could wield: pinta- opinion. formed on the int-tensed intrlligetlCC
It7Cl Inns the Tories, Padurak. ii by Ilimlio.:11 was nitwit a person of lie: people, was stronger than them al!. (Applanse.) Spain
%Ito objected to the measures of Ili. isters for die io;.! lialr ~,n; toy, ; and Italy ors fC 'link in oolitleety and slavery. tut lirreee Wail re-
hewer testy to '.,r that he had a mutt radical objectien to them: . siring, and tlio brt;;lit star of fr..ed.on„ a aCti was rising to illiniiioe
in thst Seek: he was a nadir:lAm in no other, Its won not 0:11, of ; the western world, 'Mewed the irresistible efficacy and power of a
these who was distioscl to mourn mar the condition of the moony, 1 peoph• united in ion:intent. Thee. se might behold n peitple. di f_
now that ate. Sr.: of I.r..spvii.y stinted to arise. Ilitherni we had ! tcring in ciroiii,sumi...., and ethical i..ti froni the people of Coolant' i
only gone.. trom s• but to worse." but lately we iliyeitTed It, i but spning, ntheysere.Cam her ass hats. and animates' by
ellolo' land hr nOiiietti to s. e it). from had to better. Pat why I riot. spiontieg isitittiert,, the y were fist mounting op to freedom,
dal ref this Proelweit v resent itself ten yeah ago ? tic were vow I tied might 1...0:id to Kai• already oreimoliolied their intilkl.ili. ore.
in the tenth vest of !Ware, yet were only in the enjoymeot of the : else hod artist. .1 already of a snibil••y such as no re /so govt. notion
but yen ores Iffisomoo and oilvamages. (A ppluose.) Who: the enjoyed Mr filly y..srs roster its firtmeien. Ilf North Americo be
Po•Ple *see mound down by a promo-toll and oppreitsive taitatiOn, would not spi ali, It 11.-re toe ev,!s of tietnocrricy Were mitigated by
Mat did the 'I ere. do ? They clung to their places.-- a representadve system; hut to semis A meries he would portico.
(lbw, Dior, tear !) Wbel Ills' 111Coille l'.l‘ was in oera. Lilly direct their athotion. o his 't Molted and chttfiengol th.• ad.
Coo. rust Trlllolwc In esin made hi iviluwe ii, what mitt the I inanition and s, mouthy of thi• t iviliant world. Aid whilst they
floneellor of the il to ? ... I tit !it cannot be taken off: if tin. Pro- ;bps i3„1,,1.,, y itt tads „prt.,,,a„„ s. liberal sentiment. let it not be
Petty Tea he r•roovelh!, errtht 11 gime." The Tori-s for 3.,,h11.• • siorikkvil thol a I.•on'S rod interest seas not promoted, as well as
eol for h ; but itiono a them sidri
nt it assailed in a oetlile I Isis tes-liaga graltivil. 11 ..I:.t.r::ti,,ing them. Slavery destroy', and
r_ ,1., it nil; iii ii :her p ckets__th,y 'mon reirocl too Sli VINO! it. I Itertbins r•vii:, iii.oi, i.i All Cs.,ii.stlik and characters; tier Wall is 110 t
"tart' otwoobd Vanity Si:tattoos, where they had '.veer bits sect I or le she rir.ne „re of iti.„1,i.:,.,,,•,•, ',iii itko the creature of profit,
briars, and ohs-. . lair. . .
-•' .11' .4..) never collected to See th" r Colo. : and a mon las will ae Mit •iral it ttttt vomit-tut alike results from the
siml
"'lel" tit "I'l4 the m"ks of m oPromesto• Ilut when opsentnito ot I.•towledee 'Ala itriti enlighttunient. (.Ipplause.)
:liili'Y Procured the removal of their own hunhene, dui they ills any Toe Cit SI !: St AN. slier it short prefatory yellow, on the South
ticml: ''' reliGre the 'onsio of the borlirria of the prole ? 'Tea, liticrioat eate raid nn t.x;•ret,ion of hope ter its livid and eon..
t'''Y r..11,,m1 Si‘ty Itt. seventy clerks, but airy kit the lorge plat. sure..., •• ,
, pf 0,1.1Nt 1. *Cut'
8 'la and Pl47Then ii umlisitabuil Isom/Nairn of their riche°. "` The wla lis Hanes content:tog far libc:ty in the South Awe-
-6...nA fridenotilt.gord his :ash asked by ii :For, acplainsaoce witnt he hod rico, prnoine,..C•
nem,. 1 i'
pr.-esding Sermon of Parliament ? 'l's, which The 4 •ii at r •i.‘,4 sit', ILI' it gave him very rincere pletn.re to
his to -
i asi replied in fos-I tuning phrase, 1 hare riot two Lords ootia., die toast 44. " Mr. J. tilll;:ht.e. the './ICtIltSl for iiiiteolni
of the ,Dhittraity to r w•tel, and have been in at the death of otte andoutecoo to his cilitios to re 'ono the Court of Chancery." It lie
P`ltnus"fhliteal• I. wgicer tool cheers.) The 'ilk duties auce..,sid, a. (Inir J. S,:iitit y I sushi hoot the more hit
o;1-!
:hat a
reverie only eeductirri tont wok place bust session ; that he be- relents oft. he I I itim• itself might he ttreard.
tne"t?!`e a wise :Jut politic measure; but why not slum ow:1y with oir...i. W 1 'Asian.% 31.1'., amid, that, otter the frequent Drier-
-1 nisei? Tin go pressed most heavily on the T'hr'ew and if tontino di ' -il tacit, total as he was. 1t ills that chib einee its liir_
nary were uttpti isi the print, he entertained little (holm hoc that tinot,,,,,e "pr,itio his opinions, and having so often eVail.'ll tbei,,,,,011„...!A iire up free mein the half million list kidding churches, hilli,i If of ii::,l spoor; tinily, I• • 100 l iiitentitsi to Ray mobil% shunt
a' --'"'"• list ornair.-nting thr great Palace of W aril • or. After a ,'::y, as n01i0,...; 'v is 1,•f! for him Mortal beyond Ow espresoon of the
tee teethe' ohs. •
--•,..1,1 :
o's on the taxation of the country,he rriicinti•••l A;,e, ...di. ,',.,...,,, it olwavn gave hills to receive any Wilton of their
mils • ten., . r
'al ' e s'i'''"'l
"" lif thoolifuloess for the Undue". with non I 141.1.11 (.% 1114411;r. ) I InisTrsir. as a itublicol ion sit I lie
4in'h l''' heal'h 1441 been received, and the tedulgene: Mull which poneiti'lea 'of •ou. cit. o had lately gone tisrth 10 the pit lie. which I
Is, had been lics.ta,
1.21,1 r.. I,evec.,a CR. ALP.- on the health oil '• lion:red city considernble ettention, he was doiroul of °Hieing a
•
Earl Gar. trite. ti w ',barite:tons upon it. With respret to Oorn 'tents of that 1111- 1
.." p• g"'", n'"1,1,1 11 3 Chili that hie lawslaltip wan clitirely is n 0..., and the skirl:orlon they etititeiti• il, he l' Id it as lie the dilly of
feeln•eo with el • tciit, thus ''"' 1 -"I '
lorffihip. ~, t ''' --- -• ..l'`'''ls.,“ tor the tihotowe of he an isalisithial 1.....1iber or nny body wish s 11011. tic aCIPII,IOIIIIke a sa.
4 si.ii., ,
.icessont of ille severe itithoposition sit las holy. critic? of his titivate opinion (provitl 'II it does not involve a breach
*l'"i"gr was Wed, toe Lord Itelorave 4.n the *aloe • y lice! et I st-ila motel principle) to-the larger and greater
egowirnmut,"t; titilil:lt'',l'";''''',7 """ at I•rri"fii"". '"`l"'i."i'ier''.:-: t" the Coillti'd obi:dot:to giseral cony- iteco: A some of math:natio
Yet Ler wire dhow.. but he (t 1 r. 1..) could oltieit Amoy Issue,' the apptri!,:ttakl CO all the members oil' a large
!..."'" St.‘iire On. leer titio, that the Aeolaratinn whleii hail 11.Y:I ~,irt y ~,,hi ~, ~,, refhl 10 be , ir.,.,,A 1,, ,„,,,,.. havpy tilienle,
horn up by Meta lied r. Al at tout meeting, weiald have his loirsi• shoo by an onlinory erten of human underosetling ; Inn then the
Unites codiol ennui react
•.
ient ownther phenol resin kindly. not hostilely, the semi.
lord fit tor e h, o , i .•
rm... Ile .• e..M. J. littOpOSC the memory of " rivulets J 'me. locos of the bode to with+ he is al tache.l. Ile b
oat trite'
to confess
Pianist's,.. ji.'.", at run Wit., in bscir pr,o-uted a hoot of that it reaptin a it.,,,,,critice ~t, I,:s, parr to St'i.r.t to the opink.na
p'a't
_,,,,r,..y o:::11 talkkarnst to entahirsll priticiplei, One!), ir pv0111,,47:1!ca is the pithhcation to Mulch ben !bacii. Ail to tirt
penti got
thi•i:
01„.„1_ .rrii, wittibi hare grimily tended to the pro- foundation Et' chi, opinion of arstod, he ms
it- more fully ei phial !
it, and where I
term, , f ..- • ,‘, "Y. II 5..1 h'* 14'iblfilew Preroiled, i'' the tin- in :tougher Mice, numbl this document Coml.- he lore the taiatirt require they sl '' '
li,,iitt. the pe,,...a,:,,•:;i,,ilisik.,:iiill,tnp,-..notsusir.,..soigr,e.shimlehit.s,":.."‘!:;gy4. les wititid apotar in a ilitlio.ott capacity trete that of n mother a
and a int.re •,, the Club twin which it ritishatr.l. If there was any thiog in •
Ike,' parr,;.1.... •IN Oti would be ,Ittertiyied towards which he Was now prepared to sat' that toe thong!' tit ileficisnit, it wait •
in not going far enough. lle travelled' the whole wily with it, Anil ,
The l'its iitlt , v n
Club, aced 0 e Lies of trnee---" Thu Founders of the Whig with grew satisfaction •he woo not di, fused to thorn it, hot •
logo of Cheshire." eiettplomrd of by son, th„t
_._3lt. G. Wit NPA'r SY- 1. ri• •• it deserted lion. (4 pplaose). It woo •
"ewer of a 1,,..,„1,:,;,(1. , 'vi - Z lii mourn thanks, mon-tool the thro were not fully aware of s'aat tan inteiuleil ht Iteronin Es..y;
y one oar
vas twit pre,,,...
m,,1
k, (•"" "radar .... Mr. !pavement ; hilt %. is s:iirg they heord was vague and
..
cuunil!".lled,t.e.t.rtlpitel..s,ss.Jl
on
„.
the
ah?tiara thank., It,. IA I•Thlreil iiis hint as a Mender of dr Mob pnrty goon, g fir ',loco on 427 sot-, . its., 0.,. l'.,
etarom. It
toufhi
rtivem_ _ • i rest phaoure in ntaking sincere afkrtilly. other. ti, one taw sad .r --the 10,..ft .• i t
• en Yee pin ,4 iii, h.,,,,,,,..t.
th,
s, . l , 1 d• k h , ,•, bee di with a wlitognit intonation, nee
suety, a t.i ttio i acne not do to no tau 1.-:.,
Ling mu.
444t"11Y C44'd "rim toil, w. what tta:, club sass titst G. 11210, to dint with a g.""x="1'1" 5,0- ugh ton "'" U. I'll 4 6 I
