NN.TISH AND FOREIGN SCHOOL socisTr

A numerous and respeetalneeting was held at the.Sehool in
the Borough-road, on Monday evening last, for the purpose of
laming an auxiliary to this Society.
The Rev. ROWLAND Hite took the ('hair at half-past six
o'clock, and opened the business of the meeting in the following
words t—" We are assembled to do wheelies in our power to eug-
until the funds of this most excellent Institution. Those who have
been educated in these Schools most have a since e and effeehonste
regard fur those who have been the means of eettiiig them teeth in
lite in an honourable manner. k:verybody dislikes a acre barbarian
in human shape, and we are doing good beyond all that se can
conceive of to the human re: id, in giving them a solid, substan-
tial, and good education. This Society had the honour of begin-
ring the great work of attempting to afford education in a public
manner to the country at large. We were cpposed considerably at
first by those who strangely thought that we should make people
bed servants and bad subjects, and teach them to rebel, and I know
not what stuff besides, by giving them a little plain learning, such
as will enable them to pass honourably through life ; but those who
opposed us then are now turned right-about, and are doing the
Same thing themselves. May (loot bless them in all they do ; but
hotwithstentling the Society named considerably by it, and is still,
ir by the withdrawing many of our subscribers front us, because we
So upon that tine, noble, and patriotic system of education. inde-
pendent of all sectarian principles whatever, to open the door of
knowledge to rib Whether they are Jews, Turks, Infidels, llere-
tics, or whatever they Are, let them all he taught, and let the Bible
be th, 133.41.4 of the instruction they receive. Phis is what we design
to our institution. A uNil iaries ot this kind greatly help the Parent
enciety ; and as I have the honour of being one. of their Committee
I know they have hard work to snug& on. Our Society is not do.
signed to educate persons :it home merely, but to teach the same
principles of education all the work! over it we can ; fur they send
teachers from foreign countries to learn this economy of education,
in which one person can do mote than many could formerly ; and
thus knowledge begins to grow in many `arts of the world, where
it WM= grew before ; but it is not my business to make along
spsteli. being in the chair ; and I eon very glad of it ; b entor It is
way prertleen to be !talent, and hear others. I only wish that we
may have &noble number, who will conic and assist in this noble
business. It is very kind and very well to go and visit sick people
in their dying moments ; hut they do better who teach children and
youth. and set them. going welt in Wee so that I look upon the
education of children to he one of the first works we have in hand,
and It ought to be attended to with all the means we have in our
rc wcr."
/'he R v. Mr. Witt testa.—slot venerable and highly es.
teemed Chairman has anticipated many of the einervations which I
1 had infertile(' to make, and I ant glad that he has anticipated '
them, because he has expressed them much better thin I could
have done, and placed many important truths in a very striking
and impressive light. It is remarkable that three very gnat ineti-
tntions were estshllshed within a vevy few years of each other—the
Xi ...simian. Society, the Bible Society, and the British and Foreign
Echoed Society; mender of time the Allitsionary Societies Wok
the laid : they extended their benevolent regards over the habitable
world, and their hearts bled at the sight of Mill millions of their
fellow creatures involved in the grossest ignorance, and immersed
it- the foulest vices ; and they sent their Ilia,ionaries to preach to!
them the unmatchable skean of Christ, anti their labours have:
keel, crowned with molder-able success. But it is not enough that']
the Dosiwi he grew red; thetteripteres must be read, for without the
written word the Gospel will not long be preserved in its purity in
any country. The Bible Society was then established on the most
broad anti liberal basis, extending the circulation of the Scriptures
to the whole human race; but still one thing was wanting, and
that was a Society to extend the blessings of religious instruction
to the rising generation. It is true, that before the establishment
of this Soveiy schools were Stine., in every parish in this Meg-
dont, but these reboots extended the benefits of education to only
o very sic !! part of the children of the poor ; and. on the old
system of teaching, it was not possible that all the children in this
kingdom, much less that the children in other countries, should be
taught, en secant of the enormous expense that would necessa-
rily attend their inntnirtion. At the very time therefore that God
put it in the hearts of pious persona to send forth missionaries to
t'.: Heathen, and to circulate the Scriptures at home and in fo-
rt ign parts, his Providence caused that improvement to be made in
the mode of imparting knowledge, and by means of mutual ede-
eetion. Education is now brought down to so moderate an es•
tense, that we may indulge a hope, which a few years ago would
have been thought visionary, that the blessings of education will'
be diffused, not only throughout the British Empire, but through-
out Europe, and the whole world. This Society goes en the same
erne eiple as the British and Foreign Bible Society ; it sueports no
lien. it looks to no party, it invites the poor of all parties, Jews or
ifentilen it Gentiles are in this country, to receive that education
which is of vital importance to the welfare of the children of the
pe,r. It is on these grounds that the British and Foreign School
Society may look with considerable confidence for the support of
Christians of all denominations ; it is indeed to be much lamented
that it has not received that general support to which it is so well
entitled. Knowing, however, as I do, the hearts of Christians, and
Lie hearts of Englishmen, I am convinced that the reason it has
rot received the support it so well deserves, and so greatly
needs, is not from any want of disposition to support the Society,
Let because persons in general have not received a sufficient
lorowledge of die nature and importance of it, for we live in an
age of the world sufficiently advanced to be able to determine by
en accurate comporison of tinnier with present times, and have
mashed In the various gradations of society the Immense difference
there is beareen a well-educated population and an uneducated po.
pi.lation, and we always find that when the mind is unenlightened
se is sullied by prejudices and misled be errors, and the heart is
the seat of the worst and moat degraded passions. If we would
benefit our fdlow-crestures, therefore, we must impart to them re-
ligious knowledge, for I do not consider the abstract benefit of be-
tag able to read of such vast importance as when it is conveyed in
comunction with the Holy Scriptures, and when die Holy Scrip-
tarts themselves are the book which the child is made acquainted
oitb. Wu wish to hays children taught to reed that they may know
the Scriptures for themselves, for it is lamentable to observe what
diffieuldes preachers have in conveying the truths of Christianity to
their fellow-areatures, only because they have not been taught the
doe:rime of religion, but have been kept in profound ignorance el)
the Holy Scriptures ; therefore I look upon this Society, as a pow-
ono] assistant to the preaching of the Gospel, for here children are
taught the principles of religion, and I have witnessed in this room
proofs of the benefits of the British system of education. 1 have
haled children answer a variety of questions put to then on the
subject of religion, and support the answers they gave by passages
of Scripture well chosen and readily repeated from memory ; hut
I will not indulge in this train of thought, but retreat your atten-
tion while . a.atc the design of this institution. 'lite object of the
Society is, to impart scriptural education ; and I wish it to be dis-
tinctly understood, that the Scriptures are the only book used in
this school ; the y er children read lessons selected from the
Scripture, afterwards ns upon a larger lade, and the upper
classes, rate theScripturea themselves ; and they are then catechised
on chat they have :end: It has been said that this system does soot
i!e religious education because it does not teach a particular cate-
chism, which might suit a particular party but not all ; but if the
Seriptuies are the Wend of God, and are revealed for au entree-
Cott., how-can we children better than by reeding the Scrip-
turn thenvelves,otni explaining that portion which they read to
them for if they understand tee Scriptures well they must be;
mall acquainted with the Christian religion. This Society's doors
'are open le all the children of the poor of all countries and of all
religious persuasimis.; and who is there that, feeling the importance!
ofodueettota himself and of religious knowledge, 'would wish to
astabl'ls a school on stick a narrow principle as to say to the child
eff the Churchman, " Remain in ignorance. you shall not be
taught ;"-or to the child of the Dissenter, " in ignmance
yew shell not be taught;" or to the child of tee Roman Catholle,
" Remain in ignorance, you shall not be taught it" The principal
glory of this institution, and that which entitles it to the coutihued
approbation end support of all is, that it opens the door to all poor
coiltiren, and wherever there is ignorance it endeavours to impart
knowledge, aid wherever there is vice it endeeroun to inspire
mrtue. The 'thine of this institution is, not to endeavour to
promote education at home only, but to extend it to other
clienteles, but before I look at Europe in general, and at the ,
world at Purge, let me direct your attention to the state of Ireland, I
that interesting and dtlightfulirt of the British Empire; we]
read in the papers, almost every of burnings, of robberies, mad:
of murdersthere committeitt, and, indeed, sonic parts of that Ins-
happy island seem sanely if at all better than the worst of the.
beechen ; but Ireland furnishes a strung proof of the benefit of
religioes education, for these crimes are not committed iii all parts
of ihe island,for there kit wide difference between the people there.'
In the north-east peat elf the island, where about our child in ten
or twelve is rimmed, there is peace, happiness, and prosperity ;
hut as you recede towards the seweit-wort, igeorance increases, amid
crime incrensee ; and in that part of the tabled, where only about
wee child in nine hundred and seventy, is educated, there those
crimes are perpetrated in the face of the day. if this tloes rot prove
the utility of education, I know not what can prove it; and I think
my hearten will agree with me, that the greatest beneht we can can-
-tor on Ireland is to import to it the blessings of education; but it
rut be naked, respecting the inhabitants tit that country, are they
14;t fit-the most part KOIOXI Catholics, and are we to open fresh
•clOOl. and teach the elnkhon ? l'es.; because we do not aim at
making proselytes to env sect, bet at throwing open the doors Of
know:Wee, and giving them education in that country. There ere
lusty Mous:old poor children now educating by the means of this
very Society, whom" cause I am now pleading with you, and they
We rapidly tnerrasing ; eight or ten years ago there•was not one
scitee! of this hind in the country ; and I am sanguine enough to
believe. that gibes the present generation shall have passed away ;
tie shall find the faze of that country decidedly altered for the better
that we shall dual Ireland rising in the moral scale, rising in the
commercial scale, end be-coatis.; in every refuse of the word a very
valuable appendage to the ieland of Great Britain. But it is not to
Iceland alone that tho benefits of education ere confined: this
Society has been the means of spreading religious education, more
or less extensively, in almortevery kingdom in Ihnope, for I believe
theta arc bat two countries in which it has not made some im-
pression, the territories of the Emperor of Austria mid those of the
Grand Seignior. In France it is doing much to stem the torrent of
infidt-lily ; to South America it has carried the holy scriptures, and
they have received the principles of education; they have 'aught
them to the white and black population ; and front being actua-
te peruse lessons front the holy scriptures, theirprejudine are giving
way, and in AMUR of the new states they are culling to receive the
holy sezipoires ; and thus is this society a pioneer to the Bible ; and
I might althea; add, to the elinionary society it is at least a very
valuable auxiliary, for if we look oyes the surface of the globe we
snail had, perhaps, that there are not less than two millions of
children receiving education by means if this 'society; and yet it is
to be lamented that while every other society demist us in a flourish-
ing condition, while they hare plenty of money, very small sums
indeed find their way into the funds of this toady, and they have
seldom maned murethan two thousand pounds in one year. Yost

, g
it..
i,
..

~r

will ask, then, how is it possible that a society, whose ir.corne Is so
'mall, can do what this society huadone ? I answer, Doseciety makes
its money go so far as this, for thissociety cannot of course take
upon itself the support of schools in all parts of the worlds its great oh.
jets is to excite in the agents of other countries, and in the towns of
our own country, a disposition to establish schools ; but this cannot be
dune without an exteneive correspondence, which cannot be carried
on without considerable expense' besides, how arc these schools to
be supplied with teachers? where are they to be taught ? Persons
therefore come front other pens, and are placed under the care of
the Committee of this Society, and great eepenees are incurred by
the support of these persons, white they are learning the system, to
go bads to their own countries, and teach other persons, who in
their turn become masters and mistresses of *Meet's ; and thus the
enpense incurred by those persons while in England, is largely e.
paid by the extensive service which they render the cause of relie
gion and humanity in their own cotintries. The lessons here used have
been translated into most of the languages of Europe, oral this has
occasioned a considerable expense ; those lessons are gratuitously
afforded to schools at home and in foreign parts; and in many parts
of this country, I need nut tell you, poverty is extreme, and
though there may be a dispinition to establish a school, and to sup-
port it, there is a want of funds, and even of influence to set it
going, and great expense has been incurred for slates and lessons
to set them going. These, though they do not in any one instance
amount to much, yet the sum total occasioned by these supplies
must be considerable; the building too in which we are met, and
the house and school-room for the girls, have been a considerable
expertise ; they were necessary, for where were the persons sent from
abroad to be placed without a house for them. The original school
rooms which Joseph Lancaster had, were in such a state of dilapi-
dation, that the repair of them brought a considerable expense,
from year to year ; and therefore, though the expense of the erec-
tion of a new school room was considerable, yet the benefit was
considerable aid); and if I now state the debts of the Society at
six thousand pounds, I sin sure I do not understate them. The So-
ciety, therefore, makes its respectful, but strong appeal to British
Christians generally ; but it has a peculiar claim on the Borough of
Southwark. Other schools have been erected aril supplied by pm-
sons residing in their own neighbourhood, butt this school and this
only, has been supported out of the general fund, though in this
school upwards of twenty two thousand children have been edie-
eated, who were your neighbours, and if they had not received
such at cducatioo here, consider what the state of your neighbour-
hood would in all probability have been ; and it was stated by
that great phiLuithropiet' Mr. Wilberforce, that not one child edo.
rated in this school had been convicted of any capital offence. I
do not mean by this that there was any want of disposition in you
to render assistance to this cause, but an appeal was not made to
you for it; the necessities of the case now make it neceseary to
appeal to you, and I trust it will not be made in vain. I conclude
by moving that an Auxiliary Society be now formed.
J. MILLAR. Esq.—Ladies and Gentlemen, the cam of this So-
ciety his been so well stated, that I apprehend 1 should do wrong
to weaken the effect by taking up much of your time. I will beg
leave, however, just to glares at the progress of this Society, front
its beginnir.g. Many of you must know something of the origin
of thus Society, but I believe there are many who do not. It coot-
meteed in Me tabour,' of Mr. Joseph Lancsster, who, at the age
of eighteen pars, increased a small school to ninety children, and
reduced the price of education to one guinea a year for each child,
while he was supported by it himself. A mason of scarcity, how-
ever, rendered it impracticable fur the parents of some of the chil-
dren to pay that sum, when there were some Gentlemen, whose
reunes deserve to be recorded (Mr. T. Sterge and Mr. S. Scary),
who saw the necessity of education' and when they found the pa.
rents of the children could riot patty for them they paid for a given
number of them ; and in this way he added barn to barn, or 'table
to stable (for they were nu better—two walls with a roof thrown
over them) till the echools were capable of receiving 700 or 800
children. I believe it was not till the year 1304 that this school
eras thruwn open at large to all the children of the neighbourhood ;
and thus, in a gratuitous manner, alr. Lancaster ventured upon
this experiment before he had the means of supporting it. But the
following year will be ever memorable in history, when, in lOW,
our late revered and esteemed Monarch supported the cause and
patronized it. In that year he met slr Lancaster at Weymouth,
entered into a full detail of the nature of die system, and the King,
Queen and several of the Princesses, with all the Ptinces then of
age, gave their names a • supporters of the cause. It was about the
same year, in consequence of the encouragement whit our hove•
reign gave to Mr. Lancaster, 'sat he opened a house or training
masters for different parts of the kingdom. lie 'elated the moat
promising youth, and taught them to become masters of the various
schools in the country. In this way every town in this kingdom, I
believe I may say, has, if they hare applied to this school, re.
ceived such masters down to die present tome, such as have done
credit to the cense of the inatitut:on. The number of such masters
I cannot exactly state, but I apprehend not fewer than 300 of these
are active, conscientious, and diligent in their stations, and under
them the rising generation are receiving the benefits of scriptural
education. 'flue plan of hoarding, providing for and educating a
considerable number of persons, must have been attended with
considerable expense, and for several years the subscriptions did
not amount to half the expenditure of the school ; and with this
building, which cost nearly 3,0001., and other expenses during
the time elr. Lancaster was standing alone, it was no wonder it
should be in great difficulty ; and about 11100 it was in such a state
that, but for the remarkable interference of Providence, it must
have sunk at that time. Mr. J. Fox stood forwani unsolicited, and
entered upon the cause of piomnoting general education, upon such
a plan as he thought unobjectionable. lie dared it from its ditli
mines at that time, but the cause has not met that support
we might have expected from British Christiana, though there
have been sonic exceptions there was one individual, when they
were so far reduced as to be obliged to go without meat for weeks
together ; there was then a baker found. who continued to serve the
house with bread, and when questioned why. he ventured to do so,
lie replied, " While I have a loaf I will mei& it with these."
Every exertion was made by the Committee, yet still, in 181 i, they
stood in debt to the public 89a11., and the building, altogether in-
sufficient for their purpose without rebuilding. In this state they
called upon the public throughout the kingdom, and raised ten
thousand pounds, paid off their old debts, and with the advance of
four thousand pounds, built the commodious premises in which we
stand as we do this evening. Still the Committee have been mach ,
cramped for funds, and are under the necessity of refusing many
applications made to them both at home and abroad. I,li'hen they
wished to vend a schoolmistress to India, fur the great purpose of
female education, they were obliged to do it by a separate fund,
and to employ all the ladies they could interest in the cause to get
the sum of five hundred pounds for this purpose; and when we
look at the great share of good that may be done by that small be.
ginning, every one must rejoice at it. When she arrived at Cal-
cutta, she was told it was no use to conic here. " Well," said she,
" I must begin and try;" and she has now about twenty schools
under her immediate Mee. The speaker concluded by seconding the
motion, which was put by the Chairman, and carried unanimously.
The Rev. Mr. Cattier stated, that the Meeting had just agreed
that the British and Foreign School Satiety was an excellent so-
ciety, and he rose to propose that they should determine to aid it.
He had visited the school that morning, where he found about four
hundred buys, clean and mat in their appearance, and cheerful in
their imuntenarces, busily engaged, some in reading and seine its
wreir,g; the upper class were called out, and after hearing them
read, be proposed some questions to them on the duties of civil
society, on the duties of servants, and of the several classes of so-
ciety, to all of whiled he received the most satisfactory answers,
suppoeted by applicable passages of Scripture, though they could
not beat all aware of the questions he proposed to them. After
adverting to the various beuetits already derived from the society,
he warmey urged the importance of tortaing an auxiliary for its
support ; and cone sided an animated speech in the words of one of
the first aud most valuable kliestionaries--" Expect great things,
and attempt great things, and there would no doubt be a good re-
port at the end of the yea."
The Her. J. AlltilitDELL.-1 am most happy in having it in
my poster to bear testimony to the great importance and efficient
operation of this society from the earliest period of its operation.
I have watched over its progress with great delight, and if there
has been any alloy to my pleasure, it ha. been because it has not
reccieed that support it so well deserves; and the sphere of its
labours has been so very dispemortioned to its paramount claims;
for I consider this system of education the most important in the
whole world ; it is the universal education of the poor in the
principles of the Bible. This is just as it ought to be, for
What is that education that is not thus founded ? A liberal
education may make the finished gentleman or the scholar,
but unless these attainments be faisded en the principles of the
Bible, what guarantee can there ha the this knowledge will be em.
ploye.l for honourable pigmies ? Souse prisons state that there
is no nerd for such a :society as this : and I recollect, Sir, when I
bad the honour to reside in a remote part of the canary, where I
had the honour of cominnecing, with some totherizons belong-
ing to the Society of Friends, a school on this , at Whitby,
in Yorkshire, various. persons to whom we app ied said, " M e
can do nothing for you; you ate going to teach people to resdnews-1
papers, to till the town with ship-owners and such like; your plan',,
is hostile to good order and the welfare of society." The time,
hooey/se, for such objections as these I trust is gone by : yet,when we
consider the state in which our youth are growing up, and listen to
the remark of the sacred moralist, " That ate soul be without'
knowledge it is not gond," we ought to use every means to store
i the mind with knowledge of things, and of the best of things.
'took at the state of society where the population are in ignorance—
' drench your eyes to the coast of Southern and Western Africa; how
degraded, how superstitious, is the great mass of the people! Some
have alleged it is of no avail to attempt to instruct the youth of
heathen lands, for they are incapable of it ; but, Sir, I hare in
my hand a letter front a gentleman, containing a most interesting
conversation with several Ilineu youths, on the subject of Chris-
I tianity; and the answers. they gave were such as would do honer
to say youth in any country. If there were dine, I should be
gratified by reading • pert of it to you. ()then say, you can do
nothing in heathen lands, for the parents will not stiffer their
children to be placed under your care ; but, Sir, I hold in my band
• letter from China, that immense world of souls, which wrs ad-
dressed to Dr. Morrison, is tile true Chinese !Ormel costume, by
the inhabitants of the shores of the Eastern Archipelago, request.
ing that their youths might be taught the truths of Christianity.
it is a great point to obtain attention after considerable efforts;
but here, Sir, are people coming forth of theirown second, and it
• our biliottre in the Lord. This is &sufficient answer to such ,
objections. 'levities, your operations are sanctioned by the highest'
authority ; for I am sure no person can read the ttimirable speech,
of Earl Bathurst bust Tuesday night, in the House of lands, on
behalf of the negro population, but his heart must rejoice tope'
that this cause has, an advocate in a British Peer—in a British
Parliament. " If from any thing I have said (said that diatin-
guishrd Nobleman), it should be supposed that I contend that
any raceof men were created unfit for freedom. I have been minim.
derstood. But the fault, the great fault, was in the want of edu-
cation ; and if, besides imparting religious instruction, and
mitigating the evils of slavery, the State was in any way to in-
' terfeee, It must he by
.quickening the march of education." This
' 1 consider a recognition of the great object of your Society. I

most cordially second the resolution just made • and detemti•lc,
my influence and subscription, to aid in earryn.µ it into effect:
The Rev. R. Atkinson, 31r. J. Russell, and the Rev. J. Millar,
moved and seconded the remaining resolutions in approprista
speeches.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF CHANCERY, 13411'111D/IT, MAICI SW

THE 80-STENENTE PIANO-FORTE.
__CHATTFI:4-15 r. MOTT.

Mr. HOENE said. he had to apply for n specie! injunction in
this ease on the part of the plaintiff and it waet to restrain the de.
!fendant Robert Mutt, and his brother Julius (.'aisar Men, fn :a
drawing, tasking. or negociating any bills, for or on account of the'
Ipartnership, from collecting in any outstanding debts, at from
(disposing of the stock on hand. any
grounds upon which he
moved for this injunction were these : Mr. Robert Mott, mai his
brother Julius ensue Mott, had in IMO obtained certain letters pa-
tent for an improved piano-forte, called the fitastertente piano-forte.
The plaintiff conceiving it to be a good concern, wished to enter
into partnership with the two brothers; and acrotdingly articles of
agreement had been drawn ill), under which the parties agreed to
unite in partnership together for 21 years, to carry on the manufac-
tory of these improved musical inattoments. The plaintiff agreed
to pay to Robert Lott a aunt of 1,737!. and to Julius ('tease Mott
:AO guineas, and to advance a capital of 2,0001. Capital was also
to be brought in by Julius l'atitar Mott, and the latter funkier
agreed to pay his brother Rober. a pre Mum of one thousand gui-
neas, besides other advances, provided in five years the profits !runt
the business should amount to 20,010 u/.. This arreenient having
been drawn up., was duly executed, and the plaintiff fully perform-
ed his part of the agreement—having paid the two autos of
I 1.7371. and .125/. to the brothers, and having besides advanced a
turtht r sum of 9,000/. to the business. It turned nut that this lieu-
' rishing business, which it was imszincti could yield such enormous
profits, had yielded no profit at all, and the plaintiff Lad actually
received nothing for his advances. (In the other hand, the two
brothers had thought fit to take each of them from this losing con.
cern a sum of filltk. annually, admitting at the same time that no
profits were derived from the business. Under these circumstances,
therefore, the plaintifirspplied for this injunction.
The Lon o (In..tircELl.oa directed that notice should be served 11
lon the other party, and in the mean time that the injunction should
be granted.
. MR. HA YDON'S PICTURE.
OFORGE JILAUMerfT

This was an application by Mr. HART, on the part of Sir (Image
Beaumont, calling upon the defeniant to pay the sum of 201. to
him. It will be recollected that Sir 0. Beaumont, who possesses
a eery valuable collection of piellnell, among which were several
pawned by 31r. Hayden, at the request of the latter, lent him the
picture in question for the purpose of exhibition. Mr. Ilardon
rented a gallery of Mr. Allnutt for the exhibition of the 'Adis:es,
anti not being able to pay his rent, this picture, among ethers, wan
distmincd. A bill was then filed in Equity by Sir 0. Beaumont,
to restrain the sale of the picture under the distress, and an order
was pronounced on the 13th of August, 11t23, directing the delivery
of the picture to Sir G. Beaumont, on the payment of 1301. into
Conn. That sum had been accordingly paid to Mr. Allnutt for
his picture: the latter directed Sir George to a Mr. Phinny, who
had the possession of the picture. On application to that gentle-
man, a sun: of 211. was demanded for the trouble a,.d expense of
taking care of it, or an order from Mr. Allnutt to deliver it. Sir G.
Mumma, finding that he could nut upon any other temis get pos-
session of the picture. had flied this bill, the object of which was to
compel the defendant to pay the 201.
Mr. Stsonkm opposed the application, and observed that there
was no pretence whatever for calling on Mr. Allnutt to pay the
201. The sea of VAL paid by Sir G. Beaumont, had been paid
into Court, ant ta Mr. Allnutt, and if any body was to pay the 201.
it was the plaintiff, to whom the picture belonged. 31r. Phinny,
who rented a gallery at a considerable expense, had suff?red this
picture to rernaia there, and had made his demand of 201. for the
room it had octopi's*. Instead of suffering this trifling sum to be
settled when the whole ease came under consideration, Oil inci-
dental snit had been instituted, by which a much larger sum than
201. would be spent in legal reeledinp. He hoped the motion
would be dismissed with costs.

Mr. HART, in reply, said that Mr. Albutt had been guilty of a
contempt of (Awn, by refusing to deliver up the picture, but the
plaintiff bad pursued the tame lenient course, demanding only the
payment of 201.
fhe LOAD CHAWCELI.OII,-.11 I say nothing to the contrary oa
Tuesday morning, take the motion.

COVENT-HARDEN THEATRE.
_ CONST HARRIS.

Mr. HEALD reminded his Lordship of an order made in the ease
of Cons: and Harris, better known by the name of Covent-garden
Theatre • that order wu, that the 31 aster amid appoint a receiver ;
now, while be was Is the course of nominating the receiver, the
lessees carried in the name of a gentleman, Mr. Robertson, whom
they recommended to the Master as a receiver. In the interim the
plaintiff, Mr. Contd. had obtained leave to amend his bill, and in
amending it added the name of 31r. Robertson as a party to the
bill ' • thus excluding him front being nominated by the Master.
The object, then, of the present application was, that as the
Ilessees were thus prohibited from proposing Mr. Robertson as re-
ceiver, he himself may be permitted to propose himself.
Loan CCANCELLOII.-1 cannot, without hearing both parties,
say what I shall ultimately do ; but I am inclined to think Mr.
Robertson a proper person to be proposed.
VICE-CHANCELLOR'S COURT, MARCH 20.

L.EXT ASSIZES.

LANCASTER ASSlZES.—Tnuaszmir, 31AncR 18.

Prier Itoriireki, aged 60, was put to the bar, charged with haring,
on the 27th of January, violated Anne Gibbons. spinster, at Man.
chester.—The prisoner (nit uncoininnaly stout darkdooking man,
with large whiakersh when called upon to plead, so id, •• dear
Lordship. me no guilty." And when told to ray that he would Le
tried by God and his country, he 'aid, .• No; by de King and de
country : can I no be tried by de King and de country ?"
Mr. Justice Lim OU must put yourself on your trial in
the usual way.
Prisoner.—l hare been told dat in London (ley try by de King
and de country, dat is by de twelve judge. What foe you not try
me in dat way % I be told too dat I 'yr.! have a jury of foreigner,
but dm is not my way to do. But I wiU be try by Englishman.
I trust to you, my Lordship, as whoever is place in dat chair is, I
tink• place dere by God.
Illr. ASHIrOaTII said he did not intend to offer any evidence in
support of the capital charge: the prisoner was therefore acquitted.
e as. however• arraigned tor the misdemeanour, and when
called upon to plead, he said, 6• Illy dear Lorship, dere is noting,
I do rioting at ail."
_

Mr. Aso wo lIT II stated the case to the jury. It appeared that
the plaintiff, who resided in Stockport, had been some tune ago af.
dieted with fits, in consequence of a fright, and been unable in oh-
! tang any remedy for the disorder. lien parents, anxious for her
recovery. tried every means of afihrding her relief, but tried in vain.
At length the advertisement of the prisoner, a quack doctor, who
had been for a short time practising on the credulity of the people
of Manchester, caught their eyes. In this advertisement it ap.
peered that the prisoner, who styled himself surgeon and oculist to
the armies of the Emperor of Russia, professed to cure every dia.
' ease incident to the human 1/3111C, and then followed a long list of
the various miracles he had performed in the way of cures, specify.
Mg names, dates, and addresses. The parents of the poor young
woman gladly seized upon this forlorn hope—this last ray of expect-
ation. They went to Manchester and saw the prisoner. and he
having promised to cure die young woman in a fortnight, they rook
lodgings near his residence for her. and returned home. The 11
Learned Gentleman then went over the facts of the cave, as they
were afterwards dztailed in evidence. It implored that it was Ro-
simiki's practice to endeavour to persuade females to be stripped, as
he pretended he could not cure any ailment they might have, with-
out rubbing their joints.
The prisoner being called on for his defence, preferred addressing
the Court and Jury to leaving his case in the hands of his Counsel. I
Ile said, "I no toter to die. I have be in twenty batteL 1 only
fear de wrong. Rusinski must speak for Rosinski. I have be
close to death, I never fear him.
Mr. Law.—Then try Lord. the prisoner must take his own
course; I am rorry for it, as I really think him, in this case, as
innocent as your Lordship.
The prisoner, in very imperfect, and at times unintelligible
English, commented up-in the evidence, with a view to show the
inipsobability of his having acted in the manner imputed to him.
Ile said, that in ordinary cast* persons in his situation could call
their friends or neighbours in support of their character; but he
was a poor stranger, and unknown to all around him ; he trusted,
however, that he should receive the same impartial justice which I
MIS extended to Erglishnien. lie wished, however, to let the
Court and the Justices (Jury) know who and what he was, and, in
only to do so, he react from a printed paper an advertisement, in
which Doctor Rosieski, surgeon and oculist of the Russian armies,
was announced as peesessiog an infallible cure for scrofula, fits,
gout, corns, lumbago, rheumatism, fistula, St. Anthony's fire,
and, in short, every disuse with which poor human nature is likely
to be a/dieted. Ile stated, that he was ready to give proof of his
ability, and convince the incredulous. Ile was to be consulted in
the Russian, Dutch, fiermsn, French, Spanish, Italian, Greek,
and Latin. (Much laughter.) Ile next proceeded to read *cereal
letters, acknowledging the infallibility of his mode of treatment in
eases of the worst description.
Mr. Justice LAI-LEY—Prisoner, that paper is of no use to
you ; it is not evidence.
Prisoner-31y dear horship, I beg your pardon, he is very
good evidence. (A laugh.).
Mr. Justice DAY LEY--NO j it only thews that you published
such an advertisement. _

Prisoner—" My Lordship, I cannot respect you too high ; but I
will go on." He went orct the evidence, commenting as he went
along, and whenever he came to a hat he considered • point in his
favour, he convulsed the Court with laughter, by the peculiar look,
tone, and manner, with which he said, '•'there, my dear Lor-
ahip, you have got dot down, oh 'c"—" Gentlemen, said he, you
can laugh, but I cannot laugh ; It is no laugh for me. I may say,
as it is say in French author—
' II rit Bien qui rit le devnier.' "
He went on to say, that there were various kinds of fits, which re-
quired different remedies, and proceeded to describe, by gestures,
the manner in which the patient was affected in each different cure.
He also gave the names of the different disorders, in Dutch, Rus-
sian, &c. In conclusion, he said that he was a Russian ; that his
heart was up in his mouth, and therefore he hoped to be excused if
he had inadvertently said any thing wrong.
Hr. Law, the prisoner's Counsel, called two witnesses for the
defence, Harriet 310theraticd, the daughter of the lady of the house
in which prisoner lodged, and Ellen Lowrie, the servant.
Mr. Jubilee BAYLEY went very minutely or r the evidence, and
the Jury, after a few minutes consultation, returned a verdict of
Cr% of the misdemeanour of indecently and unlawfully stripping
the *male under false pretence; &c. &c.

Si!utter Thornton, a very little boy, fourteen years of age,
was capitally, convicted of setting lire; to the ropery of Blesses.
Duncan, at Liverpool, on the 7th of January last. The circum.
sutural evidence against the pnsoner was very conclusive ; in ad.
ditiun to which, he had made a full confession of his guilt to se.
veral persons, and at different times. No motive appeared for his
conduct, and he denied that he had been incited to the crime by
any other persona.
The Jury strongly recommended him to mercy on account of his
youth, In which they were joined by the prosecutors.

CONST 1.. BAIR.
Mr. DART, in this cause, moved on behalf of the defendant,
that all his papers, now in the possession of Mr. Bridgrtuut, or
3leters. Bridgman and Stayers, or :Mews. Hahne, Frampton,
and Loftus, on their behalf; might be delivered up to him. The
application vs* founded on an atNavit, which stated that the de-
fendant had some time since employed Messrs. Bridgman and
:Ayers as his solicitors in some proceedings commenced against,
hint in this Court. /le now employed another solicitor, who bay:,
ing occasion fur the defendant's papers, had applied to Messrs.'
Bolme, Frampton, and Loftus, to have them delivered up to hint.
These gentlemen declined doing so, on the ground that Mr. Bridg-
man churned a lien on these papers. On what foundation the lien I
noted he (31r. Hart) did not know, for the costs due to Messrs- I
Bridgman and sayers had been taxed, and it was found that they
bad been overpaid more than 631. One-sixth of their bill having
also been taken off the defendant was entitled to his Costs of the
taxation, which amounted to above 501. so that the partnershipwas
indebted to the defendant to the amount of more than 1001. There
was a private debt due ftom the defendant to Mr. Bridgman, in
respect of which this lien was perhaps claimed. If that was the
Act, the defendant contended that as the partnership debt due to
him was larger in amount titan the private debt due from him to
Mr. Bridgman, the former ought to be set off against the latter,
which would leave rt balance in his favour. Under all these cir-
cumstances he contended he was entitled to this motion.
3lr. Bridgman in person appeared to oppose the application.
The defendant could not be entitled to make this motion without
showing that he had made the demand in a proper manner. No
attorney was justified in delivering up papers to ancther attorney,
except on the express authority of the client to whom diode papers
belonged. Now, in the present ease, no authority whatever had
been shown to Messrs. Holme, Frampton. and Loftus, so that they
could not have been justified in delivering op the papers, even if he
(Mr. Brith;ruan) had not claimed any hen upon them. Hut, be.
sides this want of authority. there was a positive claim of lien for a
debt, to recover which he had commenced proceedings at law against
Mr. Barr. That gentleman had made an application to the lord
Chancellor to commit him for having commenced these proceedings
at law during the continuance of an order to tax the costs in equity,
which motion his Lordship had refused, with coats. The case was
then tried before the late Chief Baron; and he (Mr. Bridgman)
then obtained a verdict for the whole of his claim. The defendant
then mcved for and obtained a new trial, on the ground that the
Learned Judge had improperly admitted Mr. Stayers as an evidence
in the cause, the Court being of opinion, that as Mr. Stayers had
bee* the partner of the plaintiff in that action, be was interested in
the event of the suit. although it arose out of a private debt due to I
the plaiotiff alone. Mr. MIT, immediately on this, made a second On Saturday, just before his. Majesty left 'Windsor Castle to
application to the Lord Chancellor to restrain the plaintiff in the take his airing,
action at law from taking any farther proceedings. That amilic,a- Lord Bulkeley s stag hounds came in view, in
full chace of a remarkably fine deer, which ran with great speed in
don was now under thifnanaiderasion of the Court, and the master front of the terrace wall ; the view from the Castle was extremely
haying au:laded the amount el die verdict from the taxation, e I Linh.ratif inig and delightful. The deer being closely pursued by the
therefore pomemed it fitieefit no tuber enema of riseming hisnleie‘i gaped over the paling Into the Slopes, where he made re-
except 127 the reasotion of these papers. market-Ty Ste rms. l'esseelaratelase mold haaccu fat a *mai-
The Vien-Cwastcoxsot said, that both panics were is the r derabie time froth the Castle. The deer escaped out of the Little
wrong in whet ehealshad done. The application of Air. Buy Park, at the bottom, atid proceeded round the park wall, by Agog.
must be refueld, as his Solicitor had not made an application ; MOM through the inCiOSUISS. crossing the Long Walk, and leaped
for the papas In a proper manner, by showing an express authe- into a gcatien. and through another garden adjoining, proceeding
rity from Ms. Barr is demand :hem. At the same time, Mr. with great speed, and entered the font-barracks by the great gate;
Bridgman was mistaken in imagining that he might claim a hen
ia various parts, entered the kitchen at the. time
on certain mann, far the .ayment of a debt for the recovay and atter running
: soldier. dinner sac bring dressed. At this interesting junc-
of which he bid esareenced an action at law. I tore of the hunt, Lord Bulkeley wasclose up, and immediately
The motion was therefore refused. alighted and took the deer. The deer, at starting, crossed the
Mr. Batman...at then applied for his costs of the motion. Themes at the left of Datchet Bridge.
Mr. HAUT thought that be could not be entitled to them, as he I 111ARRfED.
was a professional mademan acting on bia own behalf. 1 On the 17th instant, at St. 31artin's-in-the-Vields, Edward
Mr. 'Munnetrx embed, that he had been obliged to obtain ; ('resy, of Suffidk-street, Pall-mall East, Esq. to Eliza, daughter
office copies of the Miliaria made by Mr. Barr and his Solicitor. I of Mr. W. Tricky, of Ludgate-street.
The Vtex-estasteriaolt was of opinion that Mr. Bridgman On the 17th instant, at St. George's, Hanover-squre, Thomas
was entitled to the costs of those affidavits. The fact of a proles- I Law Andrews, I•:tati. of Deeonshire-strtet, Queen-square, to Miss
atonal gentleman appearing on his own behalf made no difference in Sims, of Ilart-street, Bloomsbury.
the principle rigiving costs to him ll' successful ;it only varied the On the 18th Alan:h. at St. titorge:, Hanover-square, Oswald,
amount.—Motion refused, with costs. second non of li. Smith, Esq. 31. P. to Henrietta Mildred, eldest
rE I DEL rove V. DE TAST T. daughter of the Very Has. Dr. Hodgson, Dean of Carlisle.
Mr. Puts.Ltwoat: moved, that the defendant should deliver to On the _Kith ult. after,* courtship of twenty years, at St. Mary's
his clerk, in court, the originals of certain letters, mentioned in Church, in Mani-hest/6 Mr. John ltradbury, of Ashton-under-
his sneerer, Mod in this cause ; and that the plaintiff might be at Lyme, to Miss 3lary Williamson, eldest daughter of the late Mr.
liberty to inepect and take copies of them. I It. IVilliantsen, ot the moteen, place.
Mr. AGAR did not intend to oppose the motion, best he trusted
the Court would rot give the costs of it to the plaintiff, as it might I
have been made part of the motion di/custard on the sane answer
at the last seal, when the defendant was ordered to pay money into
Court, admitted by his answer to be in his possession.
The VI cr.4;ttaxoti.t.ou aisJ it might strictly have been in-
chided in that motion, but they were clearly distinct from each
other.—The cans ware then inede costs in the cause.

SPORTI X G INTELLIGENCE.

HUNTING APPOINT)IENTS FOR THIS WEEK.

The Earl of Derby's stag hounds will meet to-morrow, at
&Mutant Bottom; Thursday, at Purley Downs; and Saturday, at
the Oaks; at eleven.

DIED.

On the pith inst. at Sutton, 31;. J. Robinson, of Casey-street, is
his 70th yeti..
On Fndav, I:tch inst. at Lis residence, Park liouse Rig'Tate,
in the With year of his age, Juhn Cooper, of Tucklint:ton, in the
county of ilehelti, Esq.

Lately at Torton, neat Bohm James flat, at the great age of
tri years. lie hol been parish clerk of 'ninon nearly 70 yeses,
and was ot.e or the last surviving lives in the leases granted by
Humphrey Cbc.them. Esq. the lord of that manor, in the rebellion
of 1745. He possessed his faculties nearly to the last, and, like
moot old men, had a clear recollection of what had pseud in his
youth, anti remembered seeing the first coach that ever came to
Bolton. He was wont to exult in his longevity, and in particular,
that be had preceded in his office, and survived, the Lae curate,
who was incumbent of Turton ottiy 06 years.

Mr nr n IN WA L s.—Tbe plunk r mentioned in our
last paper was committed at Dawn, near Denali, Abergele. The
deeras.sl was far advanced in years, and was on his way to pay a
neighbour Isi. for oats. The scene of the tragedy was singularly
well adapted for the purpose, being a lonely dingle, some distance
from any direlling.hutute. The body was found in a small brook,
lying on the face; the jaw was broken, the skull fractured, and
the throat cut ! The frightful aunt must have taken place about
seven o'clock at night. 'What adds to the horror excited by such a
frightful occurrence is, that the son of the poor old man is sus- HIGH WATER THIS DAY AT LONDON-ftftirmE.
petted to be the murder.= !—Chrsici P dyer. t blowslng, 11 min. Ines 7. J Afternoon, 41) min. alter 7.

EPILEPSY.
.1)R. F. HAFIXEM.INN &norm, after the Cure,
Teelve Months' Proof time, before bet requires his Fee.
71, Hynes-street, Caver.diall-square.

GENUINE SPERMACETI OIL.
VAMI LIES in Town and Country supplied with the
1: best and purest SPERM OIL, at 4. Ga. per Gallon. con.
',timers sending for Five Gallons allowed a discount of Sixpence
per Gallon, at W. LAZENIIY'o Fish Sauce and !tallier. Woo.
house, rd. Lamb's Conduit.atreet, Foundling lloNiital.
W. Lazenby, Son of Elisabeth Lazenby, Proprietresi of the fis.
nuice Harvey's Sauce, begs mist respectfully to inform ',sunhat
who may honour him with their commands, he commences busbies'
with the determination to sell every article of the very tint quality,
and at low prices. fur ready money.
New Swedish Crannerritii.3s. per
Superior Anthoyy Paste, for Sandwiches, 2s. yid. per pot.
Genoa Macaroni. Vermicelli, and Parmesan Cheese, ts per lb.

II EC TIFIED SPERM OIL, Is. eid. pet Gallon..M
IV UPTON and Co. Oilman and Colour Mannfanarers. gs,
queen-street, Cheapside. by a process entirely new. and exclusively
their own, are enabled tore]] sperm OH equal in purity to spirits
of wise. So unequivocal is its excellence, that it will bunt bauti.
fully in every kind of lamp: and as its Mame will not fade from
the first lighting till the whole of the oil is core used, the trouble
of ttimming or raising the cottin is entirely avoided.
Tie
_public arc also respectfully informed, that OILS and
COLOURS of every kind may be purchased at their Wara
house, warranted genuine; and that the A NTLCOR !twill'''.
PAINTS, which time born in general use for the last twenty
i years and that are suited for every description of ostide voth
-where ornament, durability, and economy are considerations, '
I • are
wilily as under, viz.:—
: Invipable Green per cwt. 4Us. Bright Red per cwt. 3t
Olive ditto - Pis. Dark Red - 2ts.
Bright ditto . 112 s. White Paint • 4k.
Lead Colour . *is. Black ditto . fat.
, Stone Colour . .ins. Yellow . . 6s.
Chocolate . - 365. Prepared Oil, &c. &c.
Also, the REFINED COAL TAR PAINT, 15a. per cult,
I which quantity will cover I.IIUU square feet. This Paint being en.
timlv mineral, is Insoluble in water, and a cure for the worm sad
dry rot; it is therefore peculiarly adapted for weather boarding,
sluice gates, and every kind of wood and iron-work mutant!y ez.
posed to the weather. It is of a handsome dark chocolate colour,
and does not require heating. It may also be had of Dyck Greer
and other colours.

N.B. Orders hy poet or carriers, addressed to Upton and Co,
British Paint Manufactory, el, Queen.street, London, will Le
punctually executed.

LAMPS.

••••—• •-•
/VEKLY-INVENTED PATENT DII.4SOLVENT
1 I LA MN, fur burning CONCRETE 01L8 and A NI.NIAL
FAT.—The great superiority of the light produced by the nimbus.
tint of (allow, and most of the concrete oils, over that yielded by
the oils commonly used in lamps in England, has long attracted the
attention of those who have endeavoured to improve our means of
illumination (vide " Nicholson's Philosophical Journal," PoL I,
quoted in the "Encyclopedia Britannica," under the head of
" Candles,") many of whom have attempted. by serious inaehanl.
cal contrh&nces, to overcome the obstacles which the want of atilt ty
in those substances presented. Hitherto, however. their efforts
have either been altogether unavailing, or so partially sueeenful
as not to answer any useful purpose. It is under these circum.
stances that the Pa'.ent Hissolvent Lamps are now offered to the
public, by whom titer will be found not only capable of melting
and burning animal tat (including dripping), cocoa-nut, and et*
concrete oils, but greatly preferable to the Lamps hitherto used (par.
tictilarly in winter) for the burning of oonitnon oils ; the heat ren-
dering them more fluid and inflammable. Independent of the
brilliant light produced by the combustion of the substances be.
fore-mentioned, other important advantages will result from their
use : amongst there, a total absence of smoke and smell, the in.
possibility of spilling the material when the lamp is not lighted,
and, finally, the important saving (compared with fish-oil or gas) of
upwards of one-half of the expense,—a. pound of any of them be-
ing more than equal in durability to • pint of spermaceti oil.
To be had in ev variety of shape and kind, including French
and Sinumbra Lamp., of M. JOSE, at the Show-room of Hr.
HETHERINOTON'S LAMP-111ANUFACTORV, No. 21,
(fruit Portland-she t.

Pine (70Ci.i:17T OIL for their we. at 2s. 3d. pa Gallon of
pounds. Letters must be free of postage.

HENRY'S CALCINED MAGNESIA continues to
be prepared with the most scrupulous care and attention,
by Messrs. THO3IAS aid WILLIAM HF.NRY, manufac-
ttiring chemists, Manche.t T. It is sold in bottles, price 5,-;kl.,
or with glues stoppers at 4s. CA. sump included, with full dim.
eons for its use, by their various Agents in the metropolis and
throughout the United Kingdom : but it cannot be genuine unless
their names art engraved on the Government stamp, which is fixed
over the cork or stopper of each bottle.
Of most of the Venders of the 31agtiesla may be had, suchen&
cated by a similar stamp
HENRY'S AROMATIC SPIRIT of VINEGAR, the In-
vention of Mr. HENRY, and the only genuine preparatioo of
that article.

FOR COLDS, COUGHS, ASTHMAS, B.e.
THE PECTORAL
very long period has iucontestibly proved the superior eS.
easy of this Medicine, in all cases of Colds, Coughs, and Astimigie
Affections. By promoting gentle expectoration, it very shortly re-
lieves the patient of a slight or recent Cold, and a few dog are p.
nesally sufficient to seniors those which neglect has rendered Mars
confirmed and obstinate, and which are accompanied with Cough,
Spitting of Blood, and other serious symptoms. Its
.peculiar bal-
samic powers tend to heal soreness, and allay the lineation of the
lungs, in eases of Cough ; and in Asthmatic Affections it subs
and gives freedom to the Breath.
Sold in bottles, at Is. lid. and 2s. sd. by Butlers, Chemists,
4, Chcapsitle, St. Paul's. and 220, Regent street (near the Argyle
Rooms), London; Waterloo- toe, Edinburgh;
Dublin ; and by the principal Medicine Venders throughout the
United Kingdom.
. . . . .

•..-Be careful to ask for Body's Pectoral Elixir.

IMPOSTURE UNMASKED.

THE Progress of Merit, although frequently assailed,
is not impeded by Env y and Detraction. The surfing
of ambuscade terminates in dereat ; and conscious rectitude ult.
irately triumphs in the attainment of the grand object—public
approbation. The test of experience is the guarantee of favour,
and has established WARREN'S BLACKING In general esti,
motion ; of which there exists not a stronger proof, than the tacit
acknowledgment of a host of servile imitators, who surreptitiously
obtrude on the unwary a spurious preparation as the genuine an
tide, to the great disappointment of the unguarded purchaser, sod
manifest injury of Warren, whose character and interest, by tint
iniquitous system, are equally subject to detriment. It becomes,
therefore, an indispensable duty, to caution the public against the
manoeuvres of unprincipled venders. who having no character to
lose, and stimulated by avarice in their nefarious pursuits, aim at
the acquisition of money through any medium but that of honour.
The original and matchless Blacking beau on each buttes abort
direction, with the signature " ROBERT WARREN :" all
others are counterfeits; and in many instances the imposition 12.-els
are artfully interlined with a different address., in very small cha-
racters, between the more conspicuous ones of " No. 30," and
STRAND." It is earnestly recommended to shopkeepers and
others, who are deceived by base fabrications of Warren's Black.
ing, to return the detected trash to the source from whence it came
and expose the machinations of rascality to merited obloquy.
Warren's Blacking is surpassingly brilliant ; it excludes damp,
gives pliancy to the leather, retains its pristine virtue in all cii.
mates, and, combining elegance with comfort, is an article equally
of indiapeosabli: fashion and utility.
Sold hr every respectable Vender in town add country, in bet-
' ties, at Gd., 10d., 12d., and Md. each.

TO MESSRS. ROWLAND AND SON, 20, Hatton-garden.
lIENTLEMEN,
l UST ICE requires me to transmit to you the following
account, spewing the great use of your MACASSAR OIL,
so well known to the public.
In the course of this year l las enabled with a long and linger
Ina /ever, which terminated bribe total disappearance of the Hair
of my Held ; I remained some tine totally bald, and not the last
appearance of my hair returning, most fortunately foe incil
bottle of your valuable Oil was put in my hands by a friend: and
to my utter astonishment in Ina than a month my hair requad
cutting. so fast was the vegetation. In conclusion I feel meth sa-
tisfaction in having my hair (one of the greatest ornaments of moll
once more established to its natural strength, by your 'valuable
composition. I remain, Gentlemen,
Sierra Leone. Coast of Africa, Your obedient servant,
21st September, 11123. JAMES EX AIOUVII ttl,Arr.
Vienna, lhc. ",
P 11l
TO DF.SSRIL ROWLAND AND SON, [lll2l'-STREET, I! t7TO'

I.
