THE BRITISH

•
who, if not of high authority. were at least high is authority (ap-
plause); the more particularly as the reasons on which these persons
supported their opinions were in themselves futile a.al contradictory.
They should not be discomfited' by a majority of thirty Bishops
and a new Ih-chamber Lords. These persons knew that the carry-
ing of this question would carry with it in its conseeiuences a disii-
nution of that monopoly of power, and of that insolence and arro-
gance which they enjoyed and assumed. He (Sir F. Buniett)
wished to call their attention to the contradictory mamma adduced
by the opponents of the measure of emancipation. One Noble
Lord said, that religious freedom might be well Puked to America;
that that country was so free she night admit this principle with
safety. He (Sir F. Burden) hoped that England ere long would
be sufficiently free to admit it also. (Applause.) Another Noble
opponent of theirs said, " Oh ! England was too free for the ad-
iniasion of this priociple, but it was well suited, and might with
perfect safety be adopted and acted upon in the despotic stags of
Germany." (Hear, hear.) Such was the contradiction of reasons
' advanced by the opponents of this measure. Now as to the ques-
tion itself—he must be excused if he was not so liberal as to give
credit to those who opposed it for sincerity in doing so. These op-
ponents consisted fur the most part of monopolists in power.
They accused the Roman Catholics of a spirit of proselytiz.
ing. They themselves acted not so much upon this prin-
ciple at on the well-known maxim of " the fewer the
better cheer," and thought that by being few they would
have a greater monopoly, and that the individual share in the
distribution of good things would be augmented. Honest
opinion, although an erroneous one, he could respect, hut he could
not extend the credit for conscientious opinion to insolent monopoly
and selfish hypocrisy. He could not give credit of conscientious
opinion to those who, themselves enjoying all the advantages and
emolumen a of office, would exclude others front a participation in
those rights of which they sought to continue a monopoly, and
who would, on a ground of difference of opinion in religious matters
injure and insult a whole nation, and even urge them to madness.
On a fair estimate of the votes in the House of Lords, it would be
found that the real aristocracy of the country was in favour of the
measure of Emancipation. It was supported by the ancient No-
bility of the land, by • majority of the wealth, talent, and honour
of that Houle,whilst the majority againrt it were interested Bishops
and the skip-jack Nobility, who were the offipring of corruption.
who were placed there for any thing but their merit, and
who, in the opinion of the people. ought not to be there at all.
A golden opportunity had been lost by the rejection of this inea-
snre--by refuallig to unite the people of Ireland with the people of
this country in a bond of honour, of wealth, and of glory--and
this, too, merely by a simple act of justice, and by the timely con.
' cession of a measure that it was impossible could long be windield.
It was folly--aye, folly amounting to insanity, to continue a sys-
tem whereby the people of this country were taxed to the amount of
four millions and upwards, and fur what purpose ? To disgrace
ourselves—to weaken the empire, and to prevent Ireland from being
what she ought to be—the source of our wealth, and the right hand
of our strength. (Cheers.) All this might preserve a few mono-
polists in power, but it must at the same time, be it recollected,
make • nation miserable. The security of the Church was the
ground principally alleged for the opposition to the just claims of
their Roman Catholic fellow subjects; but that security was more
endangered, he would contend,by keeping six millions discontented,
by excluding them from civil rights, than if they were made happy
and contented by admitting them to a participation in them. lie
augured favourably to the measure on some future occasion, from
j the sentiments manifested throughout the country upon it at public
meetings and on ether occasions. He augured favourably to it
too, from the increased knowledge that was daily spreading through
the country ; and lie would here take the opportunity of mention.
ing the delight with which lie had read the speech of an operative
of Manchester (Mr. Hodgson), whose speech, which did not treat
the subject as a religious one, displayed the noblest courage—the
courage of the mind. It was a powerful specimen of the expression
of manly sentiments, dictated by a sound head, aided by a good
English heart. (Cheers.) Ile felt a pride in belonging to a country
that could boast of such native produce. (Hear, hear.) So far fur
the sentiments of the people, and he would venture to say that
the independent sense of the virtuous portion of both houses of
Parliament were favourable to this question, and with the favour-
able disposition of all that was disinterested both in Parliament
and out of it. he hoped the Roman Catholics of Ireland would not
despond, but that they would bear their wrongs, which they had al-
ready borne so long and so honourably, a little longer,and that they
would seek no other means for their redress than those permitted
to thereby the Constitution, and a reliance on the justice of Eng.
land. (Hear, hear.) It had been said that the Rotnan Catholics
were holed' to freedom, but this he would deny ; our Constitution,
it should be recollected by those who made this assertion, was won
for us, and handed down to us by Roman Catholics. Ile was sure,
frown personal observation, that this assertion was not true of the
Roman Catholics of lteland. It hisl been said by Dean Swift,
" that what was true every where elite was not true in Ire-
land." (A laugh.) But this he would say, that if it were
true that other Roman Catholics were not friendly to freedom, yet
it would not be true of the Irish Roman Catholics. (Hear, hear.)
As to danger, he saw no danger but what was to be apprehended
from the exclusion of six millions of people from their just rights.
The other dangers which had been conjured up were antiquated
and stale, and like the stories of ghosts and aitehea, in the present
day there were found few to place ant faith in than. Let them
rather look to the danger which was to be found in the ex-
ample of America ; he regretted the loss of our colonies to
this Memel as the lopping off of a great limb of our strength ;
but lie could not regret equally that the descendants of Eng-
lishmen, when it became a question whether they should
assert their independence or remain connected with this coun-
try as slaves, nobly vindicated the principles of freedom,
though so dearly to the cost of their mother country. Every mea-
sure that was recumetteuded at that day to conciliate her was re-
jected, for the purpose of putting twopence into the Exchequer.
This question was one which he owned lie had much at heart, tbr
he had visited Ireland ; he hail therefore an opportunity of judging
of the misrepresentation that had been spread there respecting them.
They were a quiet, intelligent, active, warm-hearted, industrious
people, and he was therefore most anxious to see them linked, as
they were worthy of being linked, in the indissoluble bonds of
affection and interest with the people of England. (Applause.)
Ile must do the members of all parties in the House of
Commons the justice of having supported the Bill which he
had the honour this Session of having introduced into Par-
liament. Sonic Ministers had supported it—but the: support
was in a great degree rendered ineffeceual, as the Cabinet
was a disgointed and ill-assorted one. It resembled the
beautiful face which the poet assigns to Sin, with a filthy and ser-
pentine termination, dragging " its slow length along." The li-
beral language of Mr. Robinson and Mr. lluskisson was grateful
to the people to hear, but they could not carry their plans to any
beneficial extent, unless the people were peaceful and contented.
Free trade could not exist without a free people. (Cheeri.) There
was not the excuse for not carrying this question that might be
pleaded on other questions—that the people were not prepared for
it ; but he (Sir F. Burdett) would say, that they were ready fur it ;
the people were now enlightened and liberal, and were full a cen-
tury before the Government. The Honourable Baronet then ad-
verted to the conduct of the Bar, whose conduct was highly ho-
nourable to that body, and evinced a higher degree of liberality
than they at any former period manifested. In conclusion, he said
that his advocacy of the measure of Emancipation was prompted
by his attachment to those principles of Reform which tint con-
nected hint with the electors of Westminster. Although, like the
',stemma whilst he was rowing one was looking another way, yet
Reform was the object which, in bis support of maimed every other
question, he constantly kept in view. On the same principle lie
supported a principle of free trade, hut be would repeat that narrow
monopoly to which he bail adverted was inconsistent with fi.cdom
of trade and freedom of every description. (Loud cheers.) He
concluded by proposing "•The only remedy of all grievances ; a
full, fair, and free representation in the Commons' House of Par-
liament."—:Three times three.)
The Hon. CHAIRMAN, in promising the next toast, thought he
should meet the approbation of every liberal-minded man, who was
inclined to give praise to conduct which was enlightened and bene-
ficial, let it conic from what quarter it might. Mr. Peel had intro-
duced • Bill, which, it' carried through both Houses, would confer
upon the country one of the greatest benefits that it had received
since the time of the Revolution. He therefore begged to propose
" The Purity of Trial by Jury ; and thanks to Mr. Peel for intro.
during the Bill now berme Parliament for the improvement of that
I valuable institution." _

The toast vas then drunk with three timeg three.

Mr. emu then proposed the health of Mr. Ilobhourre. ID pro-
posing this tout he begged to make a few observations. The pri-
mary requisite at present was Parliamentary reform, and he was
convinced that great measure had not a more firm supporter than
the Honourable Member whose health he now proposed. Should
it at any time happen that he Mr. flobhouse) should meet with
opposition, he C'slr. Coke) would be the first to support him ; and '
he had no doubt, that baying been their representative so long, he
would meet with as great support as had the Honourable Baronet.
For his own part, he had always advocated civil and religious
liberty, from the American war downwards to the present time.
It was not the truly independent Members of either House who
who were against it; but, as had been observed, the created Peers
and dependents on the Ministry.. The general feeling of the coun-
try was for emancipation, and indeed liberty of all kinds; and
if they were otherwise, lie himself, " So help him Bad I" would
not represent them. ((rem applause.)
51r. Hoawocse then rose to return thanks. It was seven years
' since he had offered himself as a candidate for their favour. Hp
I would no: speak to theni of what he could do, fur lie was conscious
it was but little, but he would express to them what he was willing
to do. It was impossible for any politician, be he whom he might,
Of let him possess what talents he might, to carry every thing by
mere will ; was only by knowing when to seize Om fitting .eptar-
tunity to do that which may be beneficial for the liberty ut the
people. It was, he was sure. in perfect unison with their semi.
menu, that he had supported the Bill for the alteration of the Jury
Laws as proposed by Mr. Peel. A great deal had been said by
his Hon. Colleague upon the question of the present prosperity
of liberty in general, it would therefore b. presumptuous in
him to go over the sainc ground. IVrth respect, however, to the
great question which hail lately been determined, he mast say that
it had received his support on account of its being favourable, In his
eyinion, to civil and religious liberty. (Applause.) It had been
hinted that there might be some who did not think on this subject
as themselves, but lie was sure that the great body of the people
was In its favour. The present moment was peculiarly auspicious
to liberty in other parts of the world. A great alteration for the
better had taken plate since their meeting last
.year. Breece was in
a manner confirmed in her freedom ; let themlook around to other
regions ; there they would find the most heroic achievements. They
might congratulate themselves that they were contemporaries of the
great and illustrious men who at present liourished, and who bad
stood forward as the abettors isad chanipious of freedom to the

PR

New World, and which would in time extend to those countries
shich had nut been so favoured. They might congratulate them-
selves as being contemporaries of a man who excelled in the chaise.
:era of citizen, soldier, legislator, and magistrate, and why was
adorned with all those qualities which ennoble man, and that could
rend:r his name illustrious to posterity•—a man who was not the
competitor but the rival of the greatest names of antiquity. I"ais
man was the President Bolivar, who had deposited the harvest of
the fella of victory on the altar of liberty. It was not to the man
but tie cause that he (Mr. flobhouse) paid this tribute of applause.
It was not only his (Bolivar's) cause, but the cause of all mankind
—that cause, which, lie was grieved to say, had been templed
upon in this country. But it was still that cause which ought to be
upheld here and 'elsewhere with their whole might, and which, he
was glad to say, the electors of Westminster had thane their best to
support. (Hear.) Long might they live to enjoy the prospects
which were in a manner forced upon them by the natural progreas
of events which had been alluded to by his Hon. Colleague. and
which had made one portion of the world free, in spite of the
efforts of bigotry and tyranny. (Applause.)
Mr. Sri:actr proposed the next toast, which was—" The
cause of civil alai religious liberty throughout the world ; and
thanks to the majority of the House of Commons who voted for the
Bill for the removal of religious diubilities, and may the impolitic
rejrctiun of that Bill by the House of Lords nut eudwoger the teat:-
quillity of Ireland."
This toast was received with great npplause.
The Honourable CHAIRMAN then gave Lord John Russell, and
the Reformers of iluntingdotrthire.
His LORDSHIP then returned thanks. Ile had come to do
homage to the noble character of their Representative, sho was
fearless for himself, but anxious for the welfare of his country.
In the next place he came to do homage to the purity of election by
which their Representatives were chosen. The merit of their Re-
presentatives was great, but had they been ordinary men th. it
manner of choosing them would have raised them to importance;
whilst, had they even been chosen according to the borough system.
such were their merits that they could have excused the mode of
election. (Hear.) His health had been drank in conjunction with
that of the reformers of Huntingdon, and lie should take that op•
portunity of saying a few words oil that subject, which the name of
reformer never, even if it were absent, Could fail to call to mind.
lie bad always a great anxiety in his mind fur the cause of reform.
ar.d would have brought forward a motion on It this Session had lie
not been advised by sincere friends to the cause not to do so on
account of the absorbing interest of the Catholic question. One
of the common arguments against reformation was, by asking
why the people did not reform themselves ? This was easily an
swered, for they had reformed themselves. and they would see that
wherever large bodies of the people had the real freedom of election,
there its purity was preserved entire. Ile need for illustration
go no farther than the elector, of Westminster to rebut so slan-
derous a charge. (Ileat) The elective franchise was wrongly
regulated ; instead of extending to the great body of the people, it
, was immersed. if he might so say, in the puddle and dirt of bo-
rough, instead of the pure stream that flowed before their eyes.
Ile considered it as a principle of reform that nobody aught to be
excluded from stating their grievances to Parliament, or having
taxes imposed upon them by laws which they had no participation
in framing. This, however, was the manner in which we acted at
present towards the Catholics, au the ground of their religious
belief. They could at present perhaps better than at any former
' period, compare slavery with liberty. as they had examples of both
before their eyes. In railways and other improvements they always
made an experimental trial. So in South America they now had
the experiment of liberty before them, and in Spain that of slavery.
The latter indeed, was a kind of experimental farm to the Sove-
reigns of Europe, and in which they slowed the nations ander their
government. the benefits they would reap if they would be
quiet and obedient children, and did as they were bid. (Laughter.)
They showed them what they should gain by listening to their
dignias ; they should become as wealthy, as contented as Spain.
Tney should have a King. too, as endowed with every noble quality
that adorns man-113 Ferdinand. It was true that it might be a
difficult matter to find exactly such another, but, at any rate, they
should have one as nearly like as was possible. (Cheers and
laughter.) Ott the other hand, if they were not good children, the
nations of Europe had pointed oat to them the evils of establishing
such governments as prevailed In America, where civil and reli.
gious liberty flourished in all their horrors. (Applause.) All he,
for hit part, could say was, that it must be from a total want of
sense if the people of the world, having their choice, did not choose
the best. (Hear, hear.) Ile would only detain them one moment
longer. His political creed might besummed up in three words,
which were—free representation to England, emancipation to Ire-
land, and freedom to all the world. (Great applause.)
The Honourable CHAIRMAN then proposed the health of Lord
Ehrington, and the Reformers of Devonshire.
His Loarssittr, in a short speech, returned thanks. He ex-
pressed his gra itutle to Sir F. Burdett for his invariably patriotic
conduct, but especially for his exertions in the cause of civil and
religioua liberty during t':is session of Parliament.
Lord NUGENT said it was not his intention to return at any
time evil for good," and on the present occasion he was most
unwilling to do Re by a long speech. For his esteemed consti-
tuents he begged to return thanks ; tie attended dila Meeting now,
ant he had done before, to testify his respect to Sir Francis Burdett,
in whose principles he concurred, and for whose integrity lie had
the utmost regard and veneration. Since he became a public man
he always thought Reform a measure of most beneficial practical
policy, and one that daily became more urgent. The period was
not far distant when the question of Reform would be in the power
of the people to decide, and fie hoped that the people would testify
by their returns to Parliament their sincerity to the principle of
Reform. For his own part lie was determined not to spend a shit.
ling at an election. Ile had never sold a vote, and it would be had
economy to purchase one. (Loud applause and a laugh.) The
twin stars by which be should direct his conduct, should be Parli-
amentary Reform and Religious Liberty. (Applause.) If he
could not devote himself usefully to promote these objects, and if
his Constituents did not approve of his promotion of them he
would be stultified to withdraw from public life into the retirement
of private life. (Applause.)
•• Mr. S. Whitbread, and the Electors of Middlesex."
Mr. S. WHITBREAD returned thanks.

" Sir Robert Wilson."—(M uch applause.)
Sir ROBERT WILSON returned thanks. Ile eulogised the
conduct and character of Bolivar in South America, and begged in
conclusion to propose his health, ea the " Emancipator of South
America, and the Benefactor of mankind."
The lion. Citataxast then proposed the health of " Mr.
Lambton, and the Reformers of Durham."
On this toast being proposed, considerable applause, mingled
with a few hisses, was manifested. The confusion continued for
some minutes, after which
LAuJDTON said, that he perceived that there was some
symptom of disapprobation expressed at his rising, and as it SIBS
what he wan totally unaccustomed to, lie called upon the individual
who had so expressed himself, to come forward and say why he
had received him with disapprobation.
Mr. FEARON upon this rose upon his chair, but the confusion
was for some minutes so great, caused by the dispute of whether he
should be heard or not, that we did not catch his first sentences.
We understood him to say that it was the last thing lie lied ex-
pected to be called upon to give a reason for the exercise of that
expression of opinion which every man there claimed as his right.
lle had come there to join the number of those who felt an affee-
tion for liberty, and abuve all for consistency. (Ilear, and a few
hisses.) When the health of Sir F. Burdett was given, he felt
enraptured with the toast, as he traced his history, and found no
Haw in his consistency. He felt the same for the succeed-
ing toasts that were drunk, and he expressed it, but when
he heard the name of a man, who, if Newspaper reports
were to be believed, had thought' fit to run riot upon the grand
question which had been decided, be must confess it mule him
express his opinion in the manner he had done. lie should with
great pressure hear the Member for Durham contradict the state.
ment he had alluded to, and he thought this a favourable oppor.
tunity : and also he should add to this reason for expressing his dis-
approbation, the fact that the Member for Durham (Mr. Lattibion)
had an illustrious person, high in authority, and opposed to the
Catholic question, at his table on Sunday night. (Hear, hear, and
hisses.) They had now bis reasons, and he should be glad to hear
the explanation. (Mingled applause and disapprobation.)
Mr. LAIIBTON then rose. It was a matter of great regret to
him to have say kind of controversial feelings roused upon such an
occasion as the present, but he had no doubt that the explanation
of his conduct he was about to offer would prove satisfactory.
From what lie could collect of the speech he had just heard, he be-
lieved there were two charges brought ngainst him. The first
charge alluded, he believed, was that of taking an independent
line of conduct, and opposition to a measure which had been
taken up by his Hon. Friend near him (Sir F. Burdett). Ile
had conscientiously given his support to the principal measure of.
Emancipation, but he could not sanction the principle of the
Elective Disfranchisemest Bill. He believed it to be fraught
with evil to civil and religions toleration. Entertaining these
sentiments, was he to be blamed for expressing them in his seat in
Parliament ? He had merely withdrawn his individual support
from the measure, and had used no persuasions with any persons
to do the Annie. Be had done no more than explain his reasnns,
which lie thought his constituents and his country had a right to.
(Hear, bear.) Ile gave his support to the extension of the
Elective Franchise in England, and surely had an equal right to
maintain it in Ireland. With regard to the other charge, ac-
cusing him of having a distinguished opponent of the Catholic
question at his house, this Was hardly worth talking about : for
lie thought that Englishmen would not wish to carry their politi-
cal opinions into their private society. Certainly a distinguished
individual, the Duke of York, had done him the honour to
accept of what his hospitality could furnish, but the meeting was
totally unconnected with politica. Doff ring as lie did front that
illustrious individual, he could not blame him for the honest
and open avowal of his sentiments. Under these considerations
he had acted; and as he had answered both the charges brought
against him he should dismiss the subject altogether. (Oreat ap-
plause.) With regard to the individual who had made this attack,
he only knew him as having published a book whose sole object
was to libel and traduce the liberal institutions of his own country.
To return to the object of the assembly, he begged to say that as en
clean. of Westminster he should always attend this anniversary,
because it was the anniversary of a great exanipk which had been
set to the people of England, and shewn them how the questiou of
reform was to be carried. Mitch support could not be expected
from the present constitution of the House of Commons, because it
was to extend the right of suffrage. Ile begged to join his spin,
bailor' to that which had been already paid to the Jury Bill,
bat even when it passed the Commons they must remember
that there was a House of horde, and in that of Lords two Peerr,
who were certain to oppose it, the Lord Chancellor and Lord Laa-
derdale ; for whatever was new and promised to be an improvement
was sure to mitet with opposition on that account. With regard to

' the Judges' Salary Bill, he was not at all averse to the increase if it
WAS necessary, hut he thought it might be paid out of the ernoll-
ments of that office in which there was the liirgest revenues and the
least to do. lie meant the Lord Chancellor.—[A voice frern the
crowd, " The Bishop of Durltim."l—A neighbour of his called
out the Bishop of Durham. He was well awape of the revenues of
that see, and he was also aware of the many charitable purposes to
which they were put, but they might generally conclude that where
there was the least to do there was the largest salaries. (Hear.)
After a few more observations the Hon. Gerzlernan sat down
amidst considerable applause.
" Mr. lloneywood, and the Electors of Rent.."
Mr. Howl: rwoon, in returning thanks, begged to itslure the
Electors of Westminster, that his principles with respect to Re-
form were unchanged, and he trusted unchangeable.
Sir F. IlunDevr• neat proposed the healths of the lion. M.
Fitzgerald, S. Rice, Esq. M.P., D. O'Connell, Esq. and the Hon.
Members of Parliament present, who were friends to the principles
of Reform.
Mr. M. FITZC £11•1.1) returned thanks. He CATe there to. tee.
tify his gratitude (as an Irishman) to Sir F. Burdett, for lira ser-
vices to Ireland ; and it was impossible, he would add, to say
whether the constituents or their Representative reflected greater
honour or each nther.

Mr. O'Conser.u. on being loudly called by the company, came
forward ; he was wannly applauded on presenting himself to the
Meeting. He commenced by assuring the company that he had
attended that Meeting with a determination of not trespassing on
their attention, and of simply giving, by his presence, a silent ex-
pression (as an Irishman he might be permitted to use that phrase)
(a laugh) of his esteem and respect towards their distinguished re-
presentative. Sir F. Burdett. Ills unwillingness to trespass on their
attention was increased by his inability—by the impossibility which
he felt of giving adequate utterance to the sentiment of gratitude
that penetrated his soul, and to the sense of high obligations which
he, in common with his countrymen, felt towards that illustrious man.
There was not—there could not be found in the British Empire a
purer representative; and never was he more delighted than with
the ability and eloquence with which he illustrated the first prin.
ciple and precept of Christianity that :tiglit—" the doing unto
others as we would be done by ourselves." He would take some
pride and vanity to himself for being the person who first tug-
grated, and who was instrumental in obtaining for his country's:l2n,
Sir Francis Burdett as their leading advocate : and in the petition
which lie (Mr. O'Connell) prepared, that participation of equal
rights was solicited on the principle laid down by Sir Francis
Burdett that night--01/ a desire of sharing liberty in common with
other Dissenters and on the ground of religious liberty being
a civil right. (Loud cheers.) If in the struggle to obtain this
object, difficulties beset us; if violence was manifested—if aught
of obstacle or unpleasantness occurred, let it be borne in mind the
object of the prize for which we contend is, the becoming the bro-
thers of Britons. (Great applause.) The Learned Gentleman
pronounced an eloquent eulogy on Sir Francis Burdett, whose
name would serve as a spell.word in his native country to sustain
them in their present disappointment, and to cheer them to future
exertions for the recovery of their rights ; and the respect they bore
him would also actuate them in following his counsel, and to seek
redress for long and unmerited wrong, by those means, and those
means only, which the Constitution sanctioned. The Learned
Gentleman added a few more eloquent observations, and sat down
amid loud cheering.
On the health of Mr. John Williams and the prosperity of the
Bar being drank, that Gentleman returned thanks. He would
trouble them but little at that late hour. The cause which they
were at present met to celebrate was, the cause of freedom in
general, and he hoped it would shame the rest of England to
imitate their conduct. (Hear, hear.) He also was of opinion, that
their mere choosing them upon the principles of tree election
would have ennobled any representatives. It was to their senior
Member, without disparagement to the junior. It was to the longer
tried person that the present compliment was due. lle bad borne his
principles untainted, through good report—through bad report—
through sufferings in private and in public—he had not maintained
the consistency of his opinints. It was his (Mr. Williams's)
testimony to this which had driven him here. He joined in
approval of the Jury Bill, and was convinced that it would conduce
to the purity of the administration ofjustice.
The L arned Gentleman sat down amidst considerable applause.
The health of Mr. J. Smith, and the other independent Mem-
bers of Parliament.
After which, that of Lord Cochrane.
Mr. 'farEtwatr. then proposed the liberty of the press in a short
speech. The toast was d.tr.k with great enthusiasm.
Sir Francis Itunlett then left the Chair, and the Meeting broke
up at eleven o'clock.
