It ought to he recollected, that the Colonists have lost severely by
the changes tr. the laws respecting slavery ,• and they an materially
alarmed for the future. His Lordship did not wish to inquire into
the power of Parliament, but lie invested of the House to reflect,
upon the danger of enforcing matures which might lead to serious
consequences. If the Colonists dare resist them they must teed to
rebellion ; and if they rime not resist they must lead to discontent.
If negroes see power taken from the hands lb which they were in
the habit of Peeing it placed, it would have. Iti• to dangerous

slaves ; in the second piece by the abolition of the badges of
slavery, u whips anti Sunday work—marks of inferiority winch are
not necessary even in the present condition of the slaves. They
must then proceed to cause them to be admitted as evidence under
certain limitations ; and ultimately en Order in Council "wet
be
made, or something of the same sort, for completing the work.
The Noble Lord asks, by. what authority this is to be done ? The
West India islands, it is said, never will of es to the proposed
measures. But it must be recollected, in the Mat place, that a con.
Rideable number of these islands are under our immediate jurie.
diction ; and secondly, that those islands which have independent
legislatures, though they have not adopted all the suggestions con-
tained in these resolutions, have carried into erect at least an itn.
portent part of them. He had no difficulty in saying that he con.
shirred it to be our first duty to these dependencies onto try
there course
hrepowil, to state fairly what their 'knitting' opinn wpeet.
tog the amelioration of the slaves, and to allow them to carry those
Resolutions into effect if they would. This he wished not only
because the Colonists would be the most effectual inetrurents for
carrying the measuresinto execution; but because baneesir ee eding,d that
the healing of all thou wounds which had so long bl
should be owing to the Colonists themselves. and not to Parl
teiamsuc-
ent
in opposition to their wishes. Whatever might be tot to
cess of the measure, the Ilouse had only the straightforward course
to Pursue, which was {Minted out as well by the iaterests of the
Colonists themselves se by the honour of the British nation ; but
they must allow thew Colonists to accomplish thj
e object in
their own way, without atanting upon any nice legslative
questions. He wished that the slaves should owe the amelioration
of their condition rather to the colonial legislatures themselves than
to any peremptory authority on the part of Parliameurnt.
of th Both f
throm
ng
the experence which we have had, and front the nature e i
itself, we are bound to adopt the COUTS2 proposed, and we must notitself,
he surprised if interest, prejudice. and passion do not at first agree.
We base a right to sec the Colonists do what is right; but we owe
it to the cnmmon iniirmity of human nature, to make allowance for.
their plosions and prejudices, and to give them a re:meltable time to
see whether they would do what we ask. Whatever became of this
resolution, whatever might be the result of the plan timpani', their
Lordships would be pursuing the proper course. If the plan were
carried into effect, there would be nothing more to be done ; and it
non it emend be time then to determine what method wa
sabo uto be
their
pur.
rued. He thought it prudent to say no more than that t
ulterior proceedings. If their Lordships were anxioue for the MC-
caps of the measure, they should take core not to do any %hinge°
impale itasucessumosige did not wish therefore to send any thing
along wkh the . ons which might sound like menaces', or
might-compromise the honour of the House to carry the measure
into effect. Whatever might be the result of thetecommendation,
Parliament would have done its duty for the present, and they
could interpose their authority, as he trotted they would, after they
had waited for the result without suecess. (Hear, beer.) This was
the piopel course, and he hoped that the fhtentions of the other
House in sending therm even now, their resolution, would produce
the most beneficial effects. (Ilver. hear.)
The Duke of GLOUCESTER 'hennaed his satiefactino at
what had fallen from the Noble Earl. lie was convinced that be
would rot call on the House to adopt those resolations, if he were
net determinseto carry them into effect. Ile really strongly re.
commended to the House to come to an unanimous resolution on
the subject. He hoped, if the case of the resistance of the Cola
rests shouldarlse, as he thought it certainly would arise, that Minis-
ters would come down to Parliament to call on the House to en-
:nee their measure. It would not setiefy him to tell him that part
e: the measures had been adopted. He would 'impart New rem.
itions in the understanding that if at the end of one twelvemont
il-
hs
the Colonies did not carry these suggehions into ex.:titian, n
/IWO', would call on Parliament to support the honour of the
ceantry, and to enforce our resolutions.
The lA)RD CHANCELIAIIt said it was cnnsidered that the
effect of these resolutions would amount to nothing. With respect
to the communicatiou of these resolutions to the House of Lords
at so late • period, he would take the liberty of saying that it
woe& be Infinitely better, when either House adopts resolutions of
this nature, that they should be immediately communicated to the
other House. The resolutions. however, were here at last. If
anything more had been said than that it was espediest to carry
into effect the measures preposed, he should have found a difficulty I
in supporting them. Mach had been said as to the genius of the
British Constitution, and of Christianity. With respect to three,
whatever his own opinion might be, when lie recollected that the
system of slavery had been patmnieed, almost instituted. by so great
a mac as Lord Somers, he, would hesitate before he said that it was
coatratt to the genius of the British Constitution ,• and when he re-
membered that the slave trade had been carried on with the con.
cameos of the Legislature for a whole century, and consequently
with the approbation of the distinguished individuals (the litshope)
who then occupied the opposite benches, he could not conceive that
slavery was se inconsistent with the genius of Christianity as it was
now sometimes expressed to be. He was as anxious as any man
• for the aetelioration e the slaves and the abolition of shivery. if
that sholition could be accompiletted consistently with the well.be-
ing of the slaves themselves, with the safety of the colony, and with
what is fair and equitable with respect to the interatst ofbec pau rivate
It
property. It was has humble opinion—he gave it, 110 e
was his opinion, but because it was his fixed opinion--that the
cause of the slaves had been niece injured by the Indiscreet zeal of
at, advocates than by the opposition of its adversaries. (Hear.)
If their Lordships looked at the history of the last cestury,
the; would be able to judge equally and fairly between
those who hold the present opinions and the persons who
encouraged this system of slavery. In the last century some
islands proposed themselves to limit the cumber of slaves, anti this
country would not allow them to do so. Wby, then, should we lay
the whole blame upon them ? The Legislature had encouraged
men to embark their property in the Wen India colonies. This
country wall as much engaged as any in the slave trade ; and this
was carried to such an extent, that those who purchased or claimed
lard from the Crown were not permitted to deal with foreigners for
slaves, but were compelled to purchase them of .the British mer-
chants. if it could be done without prejudice to the above consi-
derations, what heart beat in any bosom that would not ameliorate
the condition of those slaves whom our own policy had placed in
that wretched condition ? He gave his hearty concurrence to the
et...elution so far as regarded the expediency of the measure. His
Noble Friend (Lord Ellenborough) objected to the measure, be-
cause he did not know what was to be done next. Ile would
ask whether their Lordships ought not, on the same principle,
*to rescind every measure that had been taken with respect
to the slave trade for the last thirty years e foe
what reao-
lunon was ever taken respecting that trade on which it might
sent have been asked, what will you do if you encounter opposition
Be did not believe, and he would act on his incredulity—lre did
not believe, be said, that the resolutions of Parliament would he
finally sed by the Colonial Aasetriblies; and if some of the
*resolutioop nps owere opposed, .others would be adopted. It would then
be for the wisdom of Parliament to take the measures which would
-then be proper. The House must Dot be paralyse! and prevented
.f-am taking a single step in recommending such measure' as their
dendships might deem necessary, merely front the possibility that
tear recommendations might be fruitless. As far as their Lord.
ships could go he would go. I
fshe Colonies acceded to tbe man
sure proposed, they would ha nothing more to do ; if they
agreed to some and not to all et' them, it would then be
'for the wisdom of the Legislature to determine what they should do
with reference w the benefit of the slaves themselves, to the safety
'of the Colonient and to the rights of those who had embarked them
property in the West Indies upon the reootnniendsition, with the
election. and at the instigation of Government. In that case he
weuld give his full consent to the resolution.
had REDESDA LE perfectly assented to the resolution. The
csperience which the plan pursued would allow them to have,
'might tend to remove the prejudices of the colonists. It had been
said that the colonists tad adopted the means of instructing the
slaves for the purpose of making them better slaves. If they had
fund out that it wan their interest to make their slaves bet.
-ter, an important step had been made. (Hear, hear, hear.)
Why was Jamaica so backward? Because the sudden emancipa-
tion of Alllk led to massacre and to the destruction of pro-
perty. hasty mealtimes must be ultimately injurious to the
slaves themeelees as well as to the proprietors. If any syst
(aunt be adopted' by which the slave could enuncipete himself by
Ins own industry and conduct, it would be desirable. The alave
who has property feels hinuredf superior to the one who la* Mt. He
feels an elevation of character, and was likely to become a better
'member of society. If coy sudden meaeure for liberating_ the
*levee was adopted. the consequence would be a separation from
the whites. The blacks, being more numerate, would seize upon
the property of the whites, and perhaps massacre theru.
Lord DCDLEY and WARD said he had great difficulty in
entering upon the discussion of a subject so painful and so an-
battening as that of colonel elavay. His Lordship stated that
Ins annezion with West India property had for sonic time
drawn his attention to the state of slaves in the Canies. He wag
quite aware of the strong feeling which prevailed throughout
England on the subject ; but much of that feeling was to be
aseeibed to the present period of peofound tranquillity, when. the
most illuetrioue statesman and the itioseent philanthropist were
alike active in giving an excitement .to the public mind. Ills
Lordship would not attempt to justify the obstinacy of the
Chloirists ; but he must be permitted to say that the ordeal through
which they.were compelled to Pa
was too severe. It would sot
he fair. in judging of the Engltsh
(privatechateantee into
lineation of all the domestic relations o ri life. Nor even if
*vett scrutiny were adopted towards the Colonists, did he think it
would present such a practice of relentless cruelty as had been te.
presented. It would not be fair to compare the slaves in the
West Indies with the lahourer in England ; but let the sheathe'
of the slaves in the West Indies be compared with their sitaetion
el Congo or Ashantee. It had been said that slavery was Luton-
sistent with the Christian religion. He would not venture ;moo
theological subjects in the presence of the bench of Ilishore, tut
he thought it was forcing Christianity to press it into such a eunjr et
it was a perversion of religion for civil purposes. lie
would not be
charged with any partiality for slavery after he had stated his
tenth that it had never existed. Ile did not desire that the present
system should continue ; on the contrary, he thought it ought not
and could not continue. It was most unfortunate t at the Colonists
did not obey the resolutions of Parliament. But though the dis.
obedience could not be justified it might be maligned. It would be
in the recollection of the House. that on former ocusaloat
the discussions were not upon slaveny hut upon the slave
trade, and however unpalatable the subject might be at the present
time, Nobly and Illustrious individuals had advocated the slave
made. Tee Colonists were in the same situation with respect to
slavery that this country was thirty years ago with reepect to the
slake trade. The Colonists were not so hasty in changing their op'.
nitre se the mother wormy, nor were they in the better humour
to tterive die recommendations of Parliainein, w hee those reso.
Whom were ,pan red with a censure reflecting upon the elm.
rec.ze of the West India Colonists ; and its addition to
this, they thish they see their enemies behind the scene

affect.
The Mintmis of LANSUOWN said he wished the 'sine elo.
quence which had been etnploved by the Noble lord to defend the
conduct of the West India Colonists, had been employed to induce
the Colonial Legislatures to act upon, and to adopt the resolutions
9r Parliament. It would appear that there did not exist the proper
determinatlee to put down that contumacious spirit which pre-
vailed In the Colonies. His Lordship had great difficulty in
discussinig the subject, and was unwilling to say more than
was ailUd for on the occasion. Ile wu willieg to indulge a
bun the last hour that the Culonists, from a regard to
their own interests, would yield to the determinaiion of Par-
liament, and he could not help indulging a lingering hope
that even vet they might adopt the suggesiions of Govetnmeet.
His Lordship would be the last man to Llopt anecdotes as a guide
to hie vote. lie would only look to the proceedings of the Lis-
lature as a criterion to rnrin an opinion upon. Ile had heard, and
would be glad if the Noble Earl opposite could contradict it, that
up to the present moment no step bad been taken by either of the
Colonial Legislatures to give legality to marriages between the
blacks, except in the Bahamas; aml his Lortlehip considered this
a most important omission. in no instance did any of the legis-
latures consent to that regulation by which the slave would be en-
titled to the purchase of his manumission. And lie would ask, what
could be safer for the planter than to allow the slave the privilege
of buyir.g his own freedom, with respect to the exempting females
from exposure to punishment, no steps had been taken. After
such obstinacy on the part of the colonists he could not indulge a
very sanguine hope of any compliance with the wishes of Parlia-
ment; but their conduct, would not prevent bins from holding
out every encouragement to them to adopt the resolutions of Par-
liament, and lie was sure there would be still found some willing
imerumenut of such a change as the resolutions suggested. Be-
fore he sat down he wished to ark the Noble Earl at the head
of Colonial Department. whether the Colonial Legislatures
will meet in time to have du/ deliberations before the next Session
of Parliament, or whether the Noble Earl has any objection to the
meetings of the colonial Legislatures at en earlier period than usual.
It would be essential that the proceedings of the colonial Legisla-
tures should be laid before Parliament early in the next Sesame,
because if there be any reluctance on the part of the Colonial Le-
gislatures to forward the wishes of the country, it would be in the
pewee of Parliament at their next meeting to adopt such course as
would insure the alteration of the Colinial Legislatures; at the
saute time he was most anxious to proceed cautiously.
The Earl BATHURST Irk obliged to the Noble Marquis
for the opportunity which was afforded him of explaining the
wishes of Government on the subject of calling the early attention
of the Coinnial Legislature at an earlier season than usual. It was
his (Lord Bathurst%) intention to take all the necessary measures
for an early meeting of the Colonial Legislatures. and it was there-
fore the intention of Government to give directions for an early
meting of the West India Leeislatures.
The Bishop of BATH and WELLS did not mere to say that
there was any precept of the Christian religion which forbad
slavery, but he would appeal to that law which was written
on the heart of every man, whether slavery was not incon-
sistent with his best feelings. His Lordship did not wish for too
hasty proceedings upon the subject ; he thought an emancipation
of the mind slicield tal:e place before an emancipation of the
body. ilia Lordship regretted that the resolutions of the House
of Commons were not received with a proper feeling by the West
India proprietors. It was that refusal which brought so many pe-
titions before their Lordships. As the subisct of West India
slavery had been taken up by his Majesty's Ministers, he would
leave it in such proper hands ; but be hoped the resolutions which
had been submitted to their Lordships would pass unanimously,
and under that hope he would leave the subject to their Lordships.
Lord ST. VINCENT spoke a few words, but was as inaudible
that we could not collect the subject.
Lord SUFFI EI.D was anxious to know at what time the Co-
lonial Legislatures would meet, as it was necessary to bare their
decision upon the next meeting of Parliament.
Earl BATHURST could not possibly answer the question of
the Noble Lord, as the meeting of the Colonial Legislatures must
depend upon a variety_ of circumstances.
The Bishop of LEIOHLIN and FERNS said he vat not
disposed to protract the discussion, but lie could not avoid saying
that it was no indifference to the subject of slavery which prevented
the Irish people from petitioning the Legislature against slavery.
The people of Ireland always disapproved of slavery, and though
attempts had been made to induce the people of Ireland to embark
in the traffic, they were always resisted. He would give his sup-
port to the resolutions, and if the West India proprietors would
not listen to advice, he wan sure they must be under the influence
of some evil genius.
The resolutions were then agreed to.
The Earl of SHAFTESBURY presented a petition from
Greenock against any alteration io the present system of banking
in Scotland.
The South American Treaties Bill was read a third time.
Their Lordships adjourned at ten o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, TUZSDAY, MAIICLI 7.

Mr. Towline, from the Treasury, brought up an account of the
average price of sugar in Ireland.—Ordered to lie on the table.
HOUSE AND WINDOW TAXES.
Mr. NEWMAN presented a petition from the city of Exeter,
praying for the repeal of the House and Window Taxes.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Sir W. INOILBY presented a petition from Horncastle, pray.
Mg for the abolition of negro slavery.
Similar 41etitieuIRISH ts were presented by Mr. S. WOIITILEY from
Bradford, hiPleyPounden, and from Bishop
W S. Stanford.
ELECTION LA
Mr. MARTIN brought in a Bill to amend the Acts relative to
the election of Members of Parliament in Ireland. Second read.
tog appointed for the 20th April.—Ordered to be printed.
BANK OF IRELAND NOTES.
Mr. S. RICE moved for a return of the average amount of all
bank notes and promissory post bills, under the value of five
pounds, issued by the Bank of Ireland for the last six years.
—Ordered. The former order was discharged.
CHESTER CANAL.
Mr. S. RICE presented a petition from Newport, in Salop,
against the Chester Canal.
Sir 0. CH ETWYND presented a similar petition from Mr.
Thomas Tremlow.
MARINE FORCES REGULATION ACT.
Mr. CROKER brought in a Bill to regulate his Majesty's
marine forces on shore.—Ordered to be printed. Second 'ceding
appointed for to-morrow, the oth of March.
Mr. CROKER was understood to say that the Bill was brought
In according to custom, it being the practice to bring forward such
Dili every year.

ABOLITION OF SLAVERY;
Mr. HUME presented petitions from the county of Aberdeen,
praying for the abolition of slavery.
Mr. W. BSI ITH presented a petition to the same effect from the
Dissenting Ministers of the Cities of London and Westminster, and
said that at length the charges brought against those who advo-
cated the cause id the abolition, that they were saints. hypocrites,
enthusiasts and fanatics, had fallen to the ground, fur there was but
one voice in the country on the subject, and he was given to under-
' stand that the Bench of liiattops had at length determined to sup-
port tne measure.
Ordered to be printed:
HAWKERS' LICENSES.
Mr. LOCKHART presented a petition from Edward Ward,
praying the Douse to take into its consideration the Hawkers' and,
Pedlars' Act. The Hon. tlendcman said that by an .Act of 50
George 111. any person selling manufactured goods without a li-
cense was liable to a penalty of 10t., hut there was a clause in the
Act which provided that it the goods sold were entirely manufac-
, tured by the seller he should not be liable to the penalty for not
' taking out a license. The goods sold by the petitioner he stated
to be entirely of his own manufacture, but that he had been sum.
molted before the Commissioners and lined ltd. although the clause
in the Act gave hint an ezemption.—Orderttl to lie on the table.
CeItRENCY.
Mr. JOHN SMITH presentr-1 a petition from the Magistrates
and Town Council of Ayr against any alteration In the Currency of
Scotland.
Mr. HUME presented similar petitions from Brechin and Ar-
: broath, which, after a few words from Mr. Robertson, were ordered
to be printed.
EDUCATION IN IRELAND.

Sir JOHN NEWPORT rose to call the attention of the House
to a motioo which he was about to submit for the production of an
account of the large sums of money expended on education in Ire-
land. And he wished to direct the attention of the House, not only
as to the schools lately formed, but as to the manner of conducting
the establishments that had been allowed to go to decay. In 1812
the Committee appointed to inirlre into the state of the schools in
Ireland, which had been appinted in 1806, made their report,
and it appeared that a school bad been founded very long since
at Middleton, by the Countess of Orkney, who gave 2,001
acres of land for ever towards its support, but that the Trustees of
that school bad leased the lands for ever, renewable upon lives, fur
the annual sum of 2001. when the real value was 2,0001. The Com-
mission stated that the house was in bad repair, but that it was ca-
pable of holding fifty boarders. The salary of the Muter was 1001.
per annum; and various other sums to tutors, &c. The Hroi.
Baronet then went on to state, that in 1703 there were sixty-five
boarders; in 1700, ten boarders ; but that at the present period, the
school-bottle was without a roof, and the Master had removed to
Dublin, where he constantly resided, and absorbed all the money
arising from the estate which had beim so demised fur the purposes
of education. The school-room, it was true, was not unoccupied,
for it was fitted up as the residence of a sergeant of police. It was
said that the roof of the house required so much repair that there
were not funds from wrath to pay the expense ; but it would be in
the recollection of the House, that an Act of Parliament had passed
in the year 1813, which gave power to certain Commissioners to
grant a loan on application being made for that purpose. He could
assure the House that the school in question, that had gone to decay
in the manner he had described, had given education to some great
and illustrious own ; and it was only necessary for him to name
one of thou, Mr. Conan, to show that he had not over-rated it ;
and that it was highly culpable that a school, capable of giving
such instruction, should be allowed to go to decay. The Muter
resided in Dublin, and had become an author ; but in his office of

THE BRITISH PRESS.

author, he ought not to have forgotten the duty he owed his coon.
try as the Master of the Middleton School. The school was vCe.T
desirably situate, being in a moderate-sized village, at a conveMeot
distance limn the neighbouring market towns; and under no circum-
stances should it have been allowed to go to decay, more particu-
larly when new schools were being founded. The Trustees were
the Bishop of Cork and the Sovereign of Middleton, and the legal
question was, how far the Trustees were liable for the improvident
lease which had been granted of the lands. As the House were
on
aware, there was an annual Report presented from the Educati
Committee. and the List three or four of those Reports complained
of the want of funds, after paying the rents, to schools angel
hundation. Ile (Sir J. Newport) could have wished that the
Committee had turned their attention to the school at Mwhen iddleton.
the
The lion. Baronet said he wished to state his hope, that
House should be called upon In the present Session, to grant storey
ter the furtherance of education'in Ireland, that they would stipu.
late for that money being issued to propet and ressible sons,
and who should be amenable to the House for the mooey intrusted
to their appropriation. At the same time he must say, that if the
sante system should be pursued as last Session as to the voting of
money tor the furtherance of education in Ireland, he should think
it his duty to take the sense of the House upon it. The lion.
Baronet concluded by moving o for en account of the appropriation
of all sums of money. granted lest Session for the furtherance of
education In Ireland."
Mr. GOULBC RN sold that the Right Hon. Baronet and the
House were aware that the Committee of Education in Ireland
were still sitting, and that therefore their Report must influeuce
the conduct of the Government, as to such plans as they thought
tit to recommend as best for the furtherance of the general object.
At the same time the Government of Leland bad not been
backward in listening to any suggestion which might lead to a
beneficial effect. Orders bad been given to TtYdraill further ad.
mission into chartered schools, on account of the expense, and
therefore there would be a reduction on that head. Tile lion.
Gentleman 'MO he would next address himself to the subject
of the particular school to which the Right Hon. Baronet had
alluded. That school had never come under his (Mr. Croulburit's)
consideration, and therefore he was unable to give any decided
information upon it, beyond that which vs. to be derived from
the documents before the House. The Report of the Gommittes
appointed in 1806, found that that the school of Middleton, in the
county of Cork, was under the direction of special visitors; and
it appeared on that account to b.s. exempt from their jutisdiction.
The charge appeared to be that the Master, who had been ap-
pointed in 1799, bad retired to Dublin, which might be accounted
for by there being no scholars to educate. 'With respect to the
Governors. he ( 51r. Goulburn) had nothing to say ; the Muter was
appointed by them, and they had the appropriation of the property
of the school. It appeared, however, from the Report of the Com.
mitte, that the buildings of • the school were in a bad state (
re-
pair, and that the suns of M. per year, which was the am
appropriated for repairs, was not sutficient for the purpose. It
appeared also that a legal opinion had been taken by the trustees
upon the question of breaking the lease, but that opinion was such
as they considered did not justify them in doing so. The Right
Hon.
Hon. Gentleman said he should feel it bis duty to make inquiry
on the subject, and therefore the House would not requite further
information from him at that moment.
151 r. S. RICE Heir addressed the House in favour of the
motion.
Mr. GOULBURN explained.
111 r. F. LEW IS did not think that the present was a proper
time fur discussing the topics which had been introduced by the
Right Hon. Baronet. Every Report on the various points which
the subject comprised had been brought forward, with the excep.
tion of that which referred to Maynooth. This sme which formed the
only exception, should not be postponed more. than one year. In
prosecuting the inquiry with which the Commissioners had been en-
trusted, several and serious difficulties occurred which had net
been anticipated, and which were calculated to prolong the pro.
ceedings. As connected with the Inquiry into the state of educa-
tion in Ireland, he was aware of she existence of many such im-
pediments, but he fully trustedin their removal. If, however, they
did not vanish so quickly as he entertained sanguine hopes would •
be the cue, he must of course yield to necessity ; and while he
deplored such a result he would feel it his duty to state the tact for
the information of the House. He could notwithstanding assert
with perfect satisfaction, that his thin conviction was that the-
obstacles were not insurmountable.
Mr. PLUNILET did not mean to argue all the matters which
were involved Ito the inquiry for which the Commissioners had
been appointed. He would confine what he intended to bay on the
present occasion to the consideration of the School of Middleton.
To this fund be felt himself snore particularly called to advert,
for, as the Member for the University of Goblin, he was connect-
ed with that Board which the Right Honourable Baronet (Sir John
Newport) supposed to possess a control over the funds of the
Midd!eton School. The existence of such a control on their part
was, however, a matter very dubious in his opinion. The trustees
and visitors of that school were not constituted by Charter, or by
tof Parliament, but were formed on the wilt of the founder.
Ile did run allude to this distinction in reference to an admission or
an excuse of mismanagement, for whether there was any cause for
a charge of that description ne did not pretend to know. lie was
ecquamted with a gentleman, who had at one time conducted the
establishment at Middleton, and at that period it was in a most
prosperous and flourishing condi:ion. But he did not mean to
deny the statement of the Right Honourable Baronet, who as.
serted that it had latterly fallen Into decay—that the house had
been dilapidated, nod misapplied to purposes never contemplated by
the will of the founder. His object in rising to speak on the sub-
ject, was merely to explain that the trustees and visitors who had
been appointed did not possess the power of control which had
been alleged by the Right Honourable Baronets If such a.power
resided with te trustees and visitors, he would feel it to be
bents on on hint ashy
point of duty, to ace that it was properly and effi-
ciently exercised.
Mr. Secretary PEEL said that hie Right Honourable Friend
(Mr. Pluitket) had said that thecause of the Middleton School
did not fall within the Act of 1813, and that if it did he
would have deemed it his duty to make an inquiry into the tran-
sactions of which the Right Honourable Baronet had informed the
House. With his Bight Honourable Friend's principle lie fully
concurred, but lie would go further, and say, that if the Act of
11113 did not include in its scope the private schools, still there
was no harm why the House should allow a gross case of the kind
whieh had been stated to proceed without making any provision
against such abuse. If they slid not come within the letter, it was
clear to him dual this description of schools was included
within the spirit of the Act. Was it nut proper to see that
the funds of the founder were not -devoted to purposes different
from his will. and to take tare that they should be appropriated to
those objects which he intended they should support? It was
most grievous that 2,000 acres of land should be thrown away in a
manner so foreign from the original intention of tile donor. Now,
if the Act did not go to the inclusion of these grievances, it was in-
cumbent on the House to rectify the omission, and to provide a re-
medial clause to that effect.
Mr. PLUNKET explained.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT' said that the Countess of Orkney had
left the lands in question ter the purpose of founding the school,
and a Member of Parliament, of the name of Broderick, granted
the leases complained of.
Mr. GOULIIURN observed that the lease of which complaint
had been made, vas slated in the year 1710 ; and the present Go-
vernment ought not to be connected with an occurrence of to remote
• date.
Sir JOHN NEW PGRT had not inculpated the Government;
on the contrary, he had expressly stated that it was a Mr. Brode-
rick who was concerted in the scandalous transaction.
The Mot* was then agreed to.
CONTEMPT OF COURT OF CHANCERY.
Mr. HUME rose, and said he meant to move for a retarn of per-
sons who had been confined for contempt of the Court of Chancery,
and for other particulars connected therewith. In 1829 he had
moved for a similar return, and also of the number of prisoners so
confined who had died during the eight years preceding. It ap-
peared in the result, that of those who had been so incarcerated,
several had died after an irnprisontnent of 25 years, and others had
been confined even for the period of 35 years. Many of those per-
sons had been imprisoned because they had not money to procnre
copies of the bills which had been tiled against them. Thus their
poverty was their crime. An aggravation of this oppression was,
that the poor man was at the mercy of a rich man, who might feel
inclined to harass him by a Chancery suit ; fur a bill in Chancery
might be altogether founded in lies (Hear), and yet the innocent
object of such persecution, because he was too poor to be able to
afford, or too ignorant to know the necessity of, an answer, was to
be deprived of his liberty, and ultimately of his life. It would be
unnecessary to trouble the House with the details of the many cases
which had occurred, to prove that numerous were the victims of
such a system as at present prevailed. In the years 11118 and 1819
two persons of the name of Dawson, husband and wife, had been
committed for contempt, and died during their imprisonment.
Now he was informed by • person, on whose veracity he could
rely, that these poor people were ignorant of the process
which lied been sent to thou, and of the person from
whom it had emanated. It might be truly said that those
people bad been sufferers from Their poverty in connection with the
system which prevailed. In July 1820, there were thirty-one per-
sona confined under the operation of those contempt', in the Fleet.
He had sent a person with c list of all the individuals who were in
custody. with directions to inquire of the Warden into the particu-
lars of their cases. The Warden, however, refused to grant the
desired information, perhaps from alarm at the. exhibition of the
list. Ile should state only a few cases of those which he had be.
come acquainted with ; but these were more than sufficient to show
that a retorm was required in the Court from which the contempt.
had proceeded. There was a woman of the noires of Hannah
Barber, who was confined on the 30th July, 1789, on a writ of
rebellion. In fact, the forms of the Court of Chancery were most
ridiculous, for there, as in the case which was just instanced, if be
meant to claim a ebt of WI. It ould be necessary
i for him to
swear that the debtor had actedw with "rebellious intent with
stick end rues, &c." There were many cases of that kind, in
which the parties who were not able to procure a copy of the bill,
were imprisoned in consequence. A woman of the name of Anne
Edwards, had been imprisoned, and had died in gaol under other
circumstances of absurd hardship, for since she had been imprison-
ed, a clamor was introduced into the Insolvent Act, whereby, a per-
son was entitled to be discharged from the original debt, but was
not relieved front the costs incurred by the contempt of Court.
She was consequently detained for the costs, and died in the prison.
The common law of England was much more mild than the prac-
tice of the Chancery Court. Imprisonment for 14 or 15 years, was
sufficient to satisfy the criminal law, but there was no such lenity
exhibited in the Chancery process, which made the imprisonment
perpetual. Yet this confinement, which was without limit, most fre-
quently resulted not from crime, but from poverty and ignorance.
Such extremity of punishment was more 'lama to the meridian of

Constantinople than a country which boasted of freedom and liu- his
colleagues,Reirohe:mbedutwynit wueenabtolea, miner:
mid
e,e
.1
.aunw
deoitasutiothhourint
tg it
he
manity. ( Heart helm) A person of the name of George Pigott, within the reachof common sense and tint i ;Att.,. apprehension,
In the year UM, eras arrested for contempt of Court on a writ of Then a poor flaw received a summons ste the Pll.l /11. John boe
attachment for want of an answer to an amended bill ; because he and Richard
had not the means to get a copy he was confined for more than aaviatallee of a lawyer. and was obliged to pay ake for the exl le.
Twenty years. Anne Greeting was conlitted since the year 1810, I nation of that which ought to be °beim% The Hon. and Learned'
on a writ of habeas corpus, nut fur a certain and positive, bnt, as Gent. made an unwarrantable attempt to ent him dean on the scare
it was stated in the document, for an alleged contempt of his Ma- othisignmance; but imappealedmthe Hove,- tatitter his ignorer'
I j.e,dy's Court. Some parties who bad been arrested under the might not have been excusable, alen the lion. toet Learned Gt.."'
authority of that Court, never knew until the day of their death, demos, who ougbt to have all the lew at les lingers' t .n. .
' what was the cause of their confinement. 1 Vas it not shocking that himself found deistient. elit.l, was '
, men and women should endure the miseries of imprisonment during The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said that the Hon. Gentleman
a long life, on the mere allegation of contempt ? It was high time had stated& fact which he had not met with any contravening au
that an end should be put to such a system ? (Year, hear.) It union for it Irla
ruin o!
his habit to
only contradict gentlemen
the turns who
of made
might be said in vindication, thnt the Lord Chancellor wee not pereinmy ents. had 'hewed that the
deserving of censure, as he had frequently alleviated the hardships ' Act of Parliament were contrary to the etateinnt of the Honour"
of individuate who suffered from tile rigour of the system of his able Gentlemen, if he had been in momentary (hullo on the subject
ICourt. Ile knew two instances in which that Noble Lord had sent He thought it was not unpardonable to tee igmrant of a clause in.
for permos who were aggressed, whose expenses he paid. But if an Act so long and complicated ; but he tt tweed he had convinced
I the LOtdChancelle saw that such easel 'of hatdmhip existed in I the House, that implicit confidence ought not to be placed is Inc •
the Court of Chancery, he should, after the great length of time statements of the lion. Gentleman.
during which lie had presided in that Court under such circuit'. The motion was then agreed to. •
,stances, have brought forward some remedial law to cheek and to Mr. HUME said he bid given notirene a motion for the return of
correct the evil. It was unnecessary to cite more cases in proof of theism= voted for the expenseof protismatioce, with the ammo of
the necessity for such a measure, es one instance was sufficient to their appropriation. Attempts had bear made before by that side
establish the principle, lie was therefore well pleased to under- of the House to put an end to that source of expenditure, width
stand that the Attorney-Cieneral Intended to introduce some mat- had latterlydeereased considerably. In 1821 when he sought a
ter to that effect, according to the recommendation of the report , similar return, he had said in plain !erne (which he preferred to
of the Commissioners of Inquiry into die practice of the 1 legal terms), that this money was expeeded fur bribery. This a,
Court of Chancery. It might be as well to state the ease I sertion was particularly applicable to Ireland. Some news
paperst
case of Samuel Mutnson, who was in prison on eleventh July, in that kingdom were paid at a meet extravagant rate, and he
1823. Ile had put in his answer ten years before, but was kept in would spew (If the tethrn were agreed to,) that • vote of seren
fur the costs incurred. The absurdity of the process of contempt thousand. pounds for pmclanidtions might be dispensed with.
was evinced in the strange applications which were made of the Ile then moved for a return of the number of a:amps blued
proceeding-4er a man utight be guilty of contempt the scdng a to newspapers in Ireland for the last five years, up to January les,
young lady who was a ward of the Court, and assisting her. An. distinguishing cath paper,and also of the proclamations interest in
other man was charged with contemptfor cutting and carrying away theft papery during the same periods.
crops. For his part he wished Mat all imprisonment fin debt was, Mr. GOULBURN signified hi* assert to the return. Ile
totally abolished, as it produced great misery wi,hout confenting thought It better to defer any argentent on the propriety of this et.
any redeeming benefit. Nine creditors of ten of those who seek to penditure to another opportunity.—Agreed to.
et payment of their debts by the imprisonment of the debtors, lost Me. HUME begged to move for a return of Excise protemtions.
instead of gaining by the experiment. Many were ruined by it ;, be- The expense of prosecution, in the excise department was, hewn.
sides it gave too great a facility of credit, fur it was evident from deretnexi..l)4.ooBl.; In that of the euenems 30.leiti/ ; of the taxes
the Police reports that it was no unusual thing for a person who , 31,0001. ; and of the post office 6.11(101. Ile belreved that if he
had never been seen more titan once before, to obtain credit from . had those returns he could shill that all those deparerients ought
tradesmen to the amount of roi. or 401. It would be much better ito be guided by an uniform proem. lie concluded by moving yet
if a ewe was placed to this facility. To return to the Court off a return of the informations laid before the Exchequer during the
Chancery, he wished to observe, that if a man who was in the first
last five years, for breeches of the Excise laws ; stating the names
instance unable to get a copy of the bill filed, should afterwards of the }evens, with the place of their apprehension, whether
obtain it and send in an answer, lie would not be permitted by the i brought to trial, sod if addle place where the trial took place ;
Court to enjoy that advantage until lie was previous!), purged oft with the number of convictions, stating the expense attending the
the contempt. Ile thought he had said enuogh on the subject to • same ; the sum paid to informers. and the amount of penalties
prove the necessity for a remedy, and lie hoped the Attorney-Gene. accruing to the Crown from such convictions, and the manner in
rat would apply his attention to the subject. He should therefore which it had beet, expended.
m "
that an address be presented-to his Majesty for a return of ; The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that he
all such persons is% had been committed since the 11th of July, I was loth to make aoy objection to these returns, although they
1820, by process of the Court of Chancery or Exchequer, to his I seemed so formidable from their length. The limourable Gentle.
Majesty's prison of the Fleet, and to all otter jails in England and : man had convected a habit of moving foe returns of tremendous%Vales, with copies of the commitments, and an account of such 1 length, and in the present instance he apprehended it would be
persons as had died, and were discharged, and when and bow is found very difhcult to comply with the wishes of the Honourable
custody. en.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL admitted that the present was Mr. HUME observel that if things were properly arranged in
a most grave and important. subject, and deserving of the most se. the eublic offices it woultLbe easy to give an account. He had le .
rious attention of Parliament, but die more entitled it was to those ! tained similar returns from Scotland.
epithets, the more improper would it be to discus." it cursorily, I The motion was then agreed to.
when iutroduced to the notice of :he House in such all incidental I The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said be hoped
way as it had come before them that night. lie did not intend, that the Right Hohourable Gentleman, before he moved for any
for the-reason which he had assigned, to enter into an examination more ?etudes, would take into consideration the expense of print.
of the details of the subject. But in consequence of what had been tog them.
said by the lion. Member (Mr. Homey he deemed it right to state
that his Right Hon. Friend (Mr. Peel) near Itirrt, purposed in a
short time to lay before the House the Resort of the Commissioners
appointed to inquire into the practice of the Court of Chancery.
1 mil that document appeared, he conceived it would 'be more
prudent to suspend their judgment. When the Report should conic
before the House, he pledged htmself to pay all the attention to its
recommendations which was necessary to facilitate the objects for
which it had been instituted. In the meantime he wished to make
an observation with respect to the distinction which had been re.
marked by the lion. Member (Mr. Hume) in theansolvent Act,
which, he had stated, to affect the original debts of paeans confined
for contempts, but to be inoperative as to the coats which were in-
curred in the process of contempt. lie (the Attorney. General) had
not been aware that the distinction prevailed, end since it had been
urged by the lion. Member, there was not sufficient time to refer
to the Insolvent Act, to consult the clauses But he did not tee why
such a (inference eliould be made, and he freely admitted that the
costs of the contempt ought to he included in the operation of the
clause. In the other cases which had been adduced, difficulties
prevailed to effect a remedy. lie was anxious to accede to any
mode that should be sggested to relieve the hardships of
such cases as hail been Introduced to the notice of the limns;
but he much doubted whether these were teem of hardship.
lie rather supposed them to be instances of obstinacy, lie
much feared that what was meant to be introduced as a re-
medy would prove the destruction of t
heft system of equity. For,
unless the objectionable power of nn for contempt was
allowed, he knew not how the Chancery business could be conduct-
ed. For instance, if a bill of di,covery were filed, how is the Court
to proceed to get an answer ? It the party
.should obstinately re-
fuse, what is to be done ? lie must be put into prison necessarily
and deservedly, for when he puts in the answer he will be releesed.
Unless it was intended to abrogate the Court of Chancery aitoge-
thee there was no other remedy, But when it was stated that
persons who were in the country, and had net the opportunity of
receiving intimation, endured vast grievance, the lion. Member
was surely misinformed ; for the defendants must always get notice
of the bill when filed, and all other notices for any matter to which
they are held accountable. It is only from obstinacy that a person
can suffer ; but if he should choose to lie its prison tor '2ll years
it was his own fault, and the House should not be told that the
imprisonment was an arbitrary and wanton act of cruelty in the
system of the Court of Chancery. The abuse did not lie there, but
with the person who had incurred such severity by reldial to coin.
ply. lie did not, however, mean to defend the principle, that
poor persons who were confined from inability to pay costs ehould
be subject to perpetual imprisonment. (Hear, hear.) He should
be sorry to advocate that principle, and it the report should neglect
to include the exemption of such a case from penalty, he would
take care to correct the omission. Unless there should be is clause
to this effect, a bill would not be satisfactory in his mind. The
lion. and Learned Gent. was then presented with a copy of the
Insolvent Act, and proceeded to observe that he had been surpris-
ed at the anomaly which the lion. Member (Mr. flume) alleged
to exist o its provisions with respect to the exclusion of relief to
those persons who were imprisoned for the costs attending on a
process of contempt. The Hon. and Learned Gent. then read a
clause of the Insolvent Act which applied to " money that had
been ordered or awarded by the Court to be paid." There was
another Clause which excepted the payment •• of costs properly,
taxed by the prom officer, and those incurred in cone of excom.
munication." Now that was an Act passed in the year 1812, and
it did include in its provisions the cases which the lion. Member
(Mr. Hume) had stated as not being within its purview, and had
thence deduced cause of great complaint. (Hear.) That dis-
covery would be sufficient to put the House on its guard against
the inaccuracies of the llonourable Member, which they would in
future be able to appreciate. It was necessary to preserve the pro-
cess which he had stated was requisite as a mode of carrying on
the business of the Court of Chancery. But then it was reasonable
that the Courts should have the power to relieve when the case was
one involving a debt incurred far a contempt of Court. When the
matter should cent(' before the House, he would take care that
whet was requisite to relieve the hardships of any parties should be
introduced. But in looking after a remedy of this kind, the
House should not forget the benefits derived from the Courts of
Chancery and Exchequer. If they were to be given up the com-
mon law of the country could not be preserved, for the Courts of
Equity were indispensible to modify the common law. In fact
they substantiated its application. and he did not hesitate to give an
opinion that the equity system of the country was founded on such
a solid basis, that the collective wisdom of the world could not ins.
prove it.
Mr. LOCKHART did not agree in the objections which had
been advanced or', the subject by the lion. Member (31r. Hume), ins
lie was convinced that the delays of the Court of Chancery would I
be tenfold greater if the process of contempt were not allowed. In
respect to the Act of Insolvency, he thought that Instead of not I
going far enough, it had proceeded too far. For when persons were '
entrusted with the money of infhnts, of orphans, and of frtnrne con_ I
ever, was it not en excessive indulgence to allow them to spend ,
the money in prison, and to dissipate what belonged to the helpless ? I
It was a great atietch of the Act of Parliament. He did not air-
prove of these provisions, anti did not think that the morals of the'
nation were improved by these incentives to speculation. lie was
of opinion that the facility of getting into debt was increased by
the existence of the Insolvent Act. He did not like the tirade of
the lion. Member (Mr. Hume) in reference to the particular points
of hardship in the cases to welch he had adverted. Such conse-
quences must be always in attendance on the action of general
principles.
Mr. LOCKHART spoke in favout of the Court of Chancery, ,
and said he hoped that a Court so necessary to the adjustment of i
differences between man anti man would be sustained.
Mr. HUMS said that he appealed to the House whether the
Hon. and Learned Gentleman was not ignorant of the law until his
Hon. and Learned Friends put the law into his hand. He (Mr. 1
Hume) ought not to be upbraided for his ignorance of the law ; he
was not a lawyer, nor did lie pretend to any knowledge of law; but
the lion, and Learned Gentleman was at the head of bus Majesty's
Counsel, and yet lie was ignorant, until instructed by three of hie
',earned Friends. (Here the Attotney.General signified his dissent.)
The Hon. Member said lie begged perdon if he had made a mis-
take; lie only meant to say that the Hon. and Learned Gentleman
was ignorant of the law until assisted by his unlearned friends.
(Laughter.) The lion. and Learned Gentleman imagined he had
a great advantage over him, and prepared to avail himself of it; but
exposing his own ignorance, he fell from his great elevation.
(Hear, and laughter.) But whatever error there might be in his
exposition of the law, lie was sure there could be none in the copy
of that writ, by which an unfortunate individual had been confined
since 1789. This was a disgraceful fact, anti sufficient of itself to
call the attention of the Legislature to this subject. The 110.1.
Gentleman then contended that the existence of these penalties
could not be defended on the ground that the law was notorious. The I
people (lid not and could not understand the lnw. He had seen • I
bill in Chancery ; he had never had the ill luck to be a suitor MI
that Court, but he had seen a bill containing 60 folios, not one of
which could he interpret, but he was informed that in the last
page he might find asuniniary of its contents. The fact was that the
people were totally ignorant of the tem of the land, and the blame of
that ignorance attached wholly to the lion. and Learned Gent. and

PROMISSORY NOTES BILL.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that he
hoped the House would allow this bill to have precedence, and to
be read a third time.
On the question ihet the bill be read a third time,
Lord ARC fl I BA LD •II A 31 ILT 0 N rose to protest against the
vacillation of 31inisters, by adding a clause extending the period in
which the Bank was at liberty to issue small notes ; they bad de-
parted widely from the original spirit of their measure, which he
was prepared to support; and also by.their determination not is
place the holders of country Bank-notes on a better footing
than other creditor., they had confirmed the worst privilege of
paper money. They bad consented, salt were, to a temporary
abandonment of their principles until such time as that Act came
into operation. On these two points he differed totally from Mi-
nisters, and, although he supported the Bill, he yet felt fully con-
vinced thatit mina most imperfect measure.
Mr.. CA LCKAFT declared it was his intention to take the
sense of the, House. He considered this to be a 11111 of Pains and
Penalties, directed against a certain class of the commuchy, the
bankers. In 182 this class of men had been recognized ae highly
beneficial to the country, and were permitted to issue their notes
till 1833; but in the year 1820 those very men were accused of
being the authors of the public calamities ; yet Government, by
speculative issues of their paper, had done more harm. It was the
depreciation of Government paper alone which prevented Mini-
sten from following the example of 1793, and issuing commercial
Exchequer bills. He did not think it possible for this country to
support its immease commerce, and to pay the interest of the
nationd debt with a metallic currency. He had little hopes of
making an effectual resistance to the Bill in its present stage, but
if he found any disposition to support him he would take the sense
'of the House.
Sir R. HERON vindicated the bankers from the aspersions
which had been cast upon them. He believed that a severe re.
trenchment of the public expenditure would have been a wore
effectual means of relieving the general distress than the proccsed
measure.
Sir C. SMITH said a few words which were inaudible in the
gallery.
Mr. J. MARTIN said that he could not agree in the ptineiple
cf the Bill. lie held in his hand a return of the number of bank.
ing houses against which commissions of bankruptcy had been
issued within a certain number of years, amongst which he per-
ceived a respectable house in Tewkesbury, which had not been
gazettes. although it made a temporary suspensim of its par.
uterus. lie thought in common fairness that the Hon. Member
(Mr. Hume, we believe) who had nioved for these returns shasili
also move for a return of the number of these bankruptcies which
hail been superseded during the some period.
Mr. ROBERTSON was of opinion that the measure could not
fail to prove injurious to the agriculturaLcominercial, and mono-
factoring interests of the country.
Mr. C. WILSON said that in Lancashire the most
sive frauds were carried on, not by means of bank notes. but
by bills of exchange. In Cumberland and Westmoreland. whet*
tire bankers had made their notes payable at home only, they had
maintained their credit unimpaired in the general convulsion,
which circumstame supported the opinion he had expressed.upin
former occasion, that those banks whose notes were made pajabl:
in London were not always supported by a larger capital than were
those whittle notes were payable only at the place where they acre
issued. He also expressed a hope that measures would be taken
to render the forgery of bank notes more difficult than it ass a:
present.
Sir F. BLAKE said he voted for the Bill because it professed ti
return to cash payments ; but as the principle of the 13111 had
been subverted by allowing the Bank of England to issue their
notes until the 10th of October next. he could see no reason why
the same indulgence shoutilMot be extended to theeountry bankers.
He understood that it was the Intentionof the Right gene:treble
Gentleman (the (;hancellor of the Exchequer) to extend tke pro-
visions of this Bill to Scotland, but he was sure the feeling of
that part of the kihgdom was opposed to its introduction, although
doubtless they must submit if such a proceeding obtained the WC*
tion of the Legislature.
The House then divided, when there appeared
For the third readirg, 108; Against it, 9—Majority, 99.
Upon a return to the gallery we found Mr. ABERCIIO3IBI
upon his legs—He contended that the amendment authonsioe fhe
Bank of England to continue to issue small notes until the lthb et
next October ought never to have found its way into the Silt: fa
Parliament might just as well at once have given them perainiee
to issue their small paper during the whole period of its operadol.
which would have been the more candid and manly mode of en.
reeding. The effete' of the amendment was to destroy the pod
the country bankers, for the purpose of increasing that of the Sul
of England. For his own part he entirely agreed with the dor
trine held by Government, that the Bank was a trading compeer,
not subject in its transactions to the control of Government, ard
from that very doctrine the House was compelled to infer that Ga
vernment could not be held responsible for the course whch the
Bank hereafter might think proper to pursue. • He had hurlera
supported the Bill, but now he felt compelled, however relatantlyi
to oppose it in consequence of the amendment. If the aineniel
iqt
re
stated that the Bank should issue no one pound notes atter
10th of (leather, there would be einnething like fairnessthee' 11s,.
but as matters at present stood, they would retain the pose* c„`
issuing them during the whole period of the operation of the
—a power of which the country bankers were 'deprived. He irit•-tiat
to put it upon the Journals of the House, that one individual
least had trot given his sanction to the measure, and (as we r•&"
stood the Hon. and Learned (lentleman) he would for that put
take an opportunity of proposing that. the Bank issues, Lim
of the country bankers, should be sonfined to those notes in riot-
lation prior to the sth of February.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER moved &c
by way of rider to the Bill, exempting from its operation &ale!
for small aunts drawn by any person as peewee, upon bet''
their banker, with whom such money had been previou'il
posited.
The clause was read a Brat and second time.
Mr. 111:31 le said that it was impossible at present to asrert!an,
the amount of country batik paper in circulation with any tb_L?:
Ikea satisfactory degree of precision. The House had a N 7:
account of the quantity of Bank of England papa eireelater
but as the whole banking system of the country must ere Was uo
dergo a complete revision—as it must in short be Pizced dPen
totally different footing—as a preparatory step to that cata(6o
was desirable to have similar returns from the country baakerty.
those which sere made by the Bank of England, as to the tplaa77,
ntielietcieri
of their paper in circulation. lie thought it was deairable,,,,id
these returns should be made monthly ; but upon that be
15ai affairsa
nst oiotrttlit‘ieraedirthoperezjeuesttniaicateetin.l ittii4bteoiltiljgctic:Rfeinocnirieytthuornsaft wnoguladbgrcuii,:.
paper illc Trts•
tion, he was of opinion that returns might be made to the woo
wary which might answer the purpose without affectingthe ell
of the parties. The lion. Member concluded by moving do"'
licensed banker should, upon the ISM day
.of every month, rela..T.
account of the number of his notes its clicitlation,
those below 31. as well as those above that sum, to the Deno':
