N. .1 MIA —Lapilt
IS Evening, :URSCRY, Novemi
ri
b,. Majesty's Servants will perforwthe Comic Opera of
LOVE IN A VILLAGE.
Sir William Meadows, Mr. Young Meadows, Mr.
flow halite Woodcock, Mr. ),wino; Hawthurn, Mr.
Itrsha'm ; llodge, Mr. Knight ; eu•itste. Mr. Barnard. Mr..
Deborah Woodcock, Mrs. Lucinda, MIAs kV", ;
ljafige. 3liss Copeland{ Condi, Mr.Vt'. It. Williams ;
Her. Austin (from the Theatre Royal Dublin, being Ler td
. appearisce London).
AfterkiliekOlth time), a new Melodramatic Romance, in
ibrce arts, called'
TOE TWO CA ILES SLAVES.
revnieols, MiveCooper; The Unknown, Mr. Terry: Maxi,
milian Maesrnon, Mr. Harley; Braise, Mr. Knight; Da-
moot, Mr. Cowie; Wyllie, Mr. Mercer. Clara, Mrs. W.
Went; Manaus Miss Smith.
The Doors will be opened, at firalf-past Six o'Clort, Sid
the Performiinces commence at Seven.
Boxes 75.; Second Price 3e. 6011.—Pit 3s. 64.; Second
Prier Is.—• Lower Gallery Is.; Second Price I s.—Upper Gat-
lery la.; Second reiee44.
Phices few the Bexte to betaken of 741r.Stiring, s the flex-
Olfite, in the Rotsinda, ',brie Family Boxer (for ttset scenes-
sedation of Parti•s cooling late to the Theatre) may ba
engaged, mid a Private flos had tsighllS L'all.Mlsu Mr.
Hookliam, of flond.street, who is •ppuiutilf stift.`"Ageist at
the West End of Ilse Tiewn fur the nightly disposal of Pri-
vate Bole% belonging to Mie Lessee of ibis Theatre.
To-morrow, Venire Preserved: Dallier, Me. Kean; Pierre,
Mr. Yeuisg—and Frightened tu Death.
On Saturday, an Opera, in whirls. Mr. Graham and Mrs.
Aram' will perform—and a new Diveriiscastni.
Vs Clara Fisher (whu is engaged fur Cbildren'a Charlie.
Apessly) will make her first appearance as few days is the
v 1 of Lilac Pickle.
THEATRE ROY/L, COVENT-GARDEN.
ris Evening, 1911 U RSDAY. November 28,
will be performed the Comedy ar
THE. WAY TO KEEP HIM.
Sir Bashful Coustmet, Mr. W. Farren ,• Sir Brilliant
Fashioa, 11 r. Junes; Lovemore, Mr. C. Kewble. I.adt Con;
ti slant, Miss Foote; Mrs. Livermore, Mu. Chaiterley ; ilia
Widow Btlicour, Miss Cheater; Marlin, Mrs. Gibbs.
With (16th time). a Piece, in one act, called
THE IRISH'IUTt)Ri Or, NEW LIGHTS.
The principal Charecieis by Messrs. Chilmeasi, Hunt,
Comer, Connor, Miss J. Scull, and Mimi Lure.
To which will be added (16th time) a sew Grand 8461110111
hielo-drassa, called
ALI
Ali Paella, Mr. %V. F ; Selim, Mr. Abbott; Knowles,
Mr. T. P. Cooke ; Hassan, Mr. Farley ; Talaibuii, Mr. Chap•
sew; Mouchisr, Mr. Eorrebow. Helena, Miss Lure.
Dean to be opened at Half-past Six—the Play to begiu
at Seven.
Boxes 7s ' • Second Price 3s 64 3s. 6d ; Second Prize
2s —liner Gallery, 4s. • Second Price h.—Upper Gallery
4
hada Mr.
Funr.
Season,

COattissaat__
CllAUlnas, NW/Maim 36, 1822.
QUCH Persnni Us are thsirmn of contracting
►.l with the Agent for Cumirossarist Supplies, to deliver
1110,0001hs. of OATS,'at the Ordnance Depot, Bridge-yard,
To/dry-street. may reeeive particulars of the Contract at this
Office, between the hours of Teo and Four, and deliver their
Tenders sealed up and din eted to the Agent for Commis-
sariat 'Supplies, marking lin rron "Tender fur Oats," un
or before Tamlay, the 10th Decenthe, ; but saw will
be received after Twelve o'Ciock on that Day; nor will any
Proposal be noticed uulcsa made es or annexed to a Printed
Particular, and the Priers inserted in Words at length; nor
uulead a Letter be subjoined to such Proposal signed by two
persons of known property engaging to become bound with
the party. teeileriog in the Sum expressed..iii the Particulars
fur thirdste performance of the C.setract.

:. • ~;

'fiEL4

-

[Frogs Ste Cork Advertise► of Thirsdill
FURTHER vrhiTeßoY ATROCITIES.
We have received a letter from a correspondent
o'htallow, from winch we extract the following
pomace

."rliere is a re.fort here this day, which I have4l
heard from such authority as leaves no doubt on
my mind of its truth, that the house of Mr. Langley
of Cahernier, nearly mid way between Butievaut
and Dosersile, was attacked bn Sunday night by a
gang of Whiteboys, who demanded firearms; but
riot obtaining any, and findii,g that Mr. Langley
was from home, that, shattered the house, broke,'
into it, destroyed the greater part of the furniture, j
and searched every apartment for fire-arms. but
found none. The same nig,bt some miacreunts set
fire to some tore at Cooline, near Ballyhours,
tintorained by R. Hill, Erg.
The sbnve statement has been corroborated, from
other sources on which we rely.
On the night of Sunday the 17th inst. • wanton
and barbarous murder was committed on the lands
of Mount Catherin., between Ratheorninek and
Watergralls Hill. This outrage is the more to be
regretted, as it is theirst which has disgraced the
barony of Carryon'', which bad been previously
undisturbed. The above murder took place under
the following circumstances:—
The lands of Mount Catherini had been distrain-
ed for rent, mid on Sundry night a number of per-
sons attacked the house of one Jeremiah Cullinane,
u said lands, where the keepers were; the ruffians .1

broke open the door, and were most unmercifully
beating the keepers, hen the wife of Cullinane re-
savages, and incautiously
name, they turned their .ven-
le unhappy woman herself, and
hearing of the above outrage,
limit Magistrate, W. Ryder,
and.vre are happy to an-
_ as to secure two of the
murderous gang, whir are fully

A TRIAL AT CORK. A
case was tried pn Saturday last before the
.itting Magistrakor at the ['ulice•olAce, John Gro.
Newsom, Esq.allai Sir: A,, Perrier, which, from its
novelty slid important** sportsmen, we think it
right to give to the public.
Thomas Martin, of Rocklulge, Esq. sppeaved to
answer the complatut of John O'Brien, of Cove,
Gentleman, under-agent to J. Smith Barry, faisqg
for having, on the 40th of September last, gone se
shomgfonithe grounds of John Daly, tenant to Mr.
Bafflt"Arithout having previously applied fur cod
obtaillfedpaly's pernnuion to do so. , e
Counsellor Connell salted the care with his tin a
candour and ability, and laid that the principal'
object in bringing it forward was to abet, gentle•
own, that however qualified 'they might be to
shoot game, by possessing .property, and having
obtained the necessary certificate, yet that did not
justify them in trespassing on the lands of another
without bia permission. He admitted that this
prosecution was not only not undertaken by the
tenant in possession of the land, but that it was
directly contrary to his wish, as lie had -not the
least objection to Mr. Martin. going offer his
ground; mid had the latter asked him for permia-
-111013, he would bale readily given it ; het ost having
used that uecessary precaution, he (Mr. Martin)
had rendered himself liable to a penalty not emceed-
ing la and it was sought to be recovered for the
purpose of preventing 4 recurrence of the offence,
and as a warimig to others.
James O'Brien, wood-ranger to Mr. Barry,
proved that on the inth of September last he saw
Mr. Martin on Daly's land, with sporting dogs,
and boys carrying guns; that he asked Mr. Monies
did he not know that no person was allowed to shoot •
there? To which Mr. Martin replied, that Mr.
Barry would not prevent him from shooting there;
on which, O'Brien being satisfied, went,aways
Timothy 0' Ite4ly, a buy, proved that he saw
Ur. Martin on the lauds with a gun and dog; that
heard a shot tired in the direction in which Mr.
artist was. 'that Martin asked Mot where were 1
midges? to which he answered, "in some of 1
flotato gardens." That Mr. Martin gave him
three hallpstice, Dud desired him not to tell any
body else who might inquire where they were.
John Daly was then examined, end it was very
evident that he was o most unwilling witness.—He,
rid, that had Mr. Martin thought it necessary to
ask Ma Iroise to come on the land, he should readily
have it. That when he beard of the present prose.-
ennuis. he went to one of Mr. Martin's people, and
said it was without his knowledge, and that if he
was asked had Mr. Martin his permission, he would
say lie bad, bait if he was sworn he would tell the
troth. That he and his family were in the practice
of making a short cut across Mr. Martin's ground,
which joins his. and thereftWe lie would not think
of refusiog that gentleman to use his ground for
shoaling.
Tine imend.nt was ably •upported by his agent,
Mr. Thomas Casey ; and the Magistrates having

dame, ia this Opera of Artaxerxes.
LAST WEEK BUT TWO OF TOM AND JERRY.
ADELPHI THEATRE, STRAND.
MEIN Evening, THURSDAY, November 28,
sad during the week, will be presented tKe cele-
brated Out and Oat Classic, FOMIC, Operatic, Locatic,
Analytic, Terpaichorie„ Panoramic, Camera Obscurant. Ex-
'or. tranganza Rodent of Fuu, Frolic, Fashion, and Flash,
I. •is Three Acta, called
TOM AND JERRY;
OR, LIFE IN LONDON !
Corinthian Tom, Mr. Wrench ; Jerry Hawthorn Mr. John
Reeve; Logic, Mr. Wilkinson; Jemmy Greta, Mr. Brown.
Kate, Mrs. Baer; Sue, Mrs. Hallett; Jane, Miss Ham.
;Denny ; Mrs. Tartar, Mrs. Daly; Mrs. Devi?, Mrs. Bryan.
To conclude with a maw Burnt's, in one act, freely adapted
from a celebrates' French Piece, called
MY HUSBAN D'S sEcttET;
OR, NATURAL MAGIC.
Mr. Dearlove, Mr. Elliott; Charles Hyde, Mr. Chapmao;
Flarnahy, Mr. Herring. Mrs. Dearluva (with two Soap),
Mrs. Wayleit ; Elisa, Mint. Pitt.
Boxes, 45.; Pit, la.; Gallery, lc—Doors open at Six,
and the Performance to commence at a Quarter before Seven.
—Half Price at Half-past Eight.
A New Grand Operatic, Melo-dramatic, Characteristic
Panoramic, Comic klurletts, m t weary-four Scenes, to he
called Green in France, or Tom and Jerry's Tour, which
has Ines the whole of the summer in preparation, drawn
Crum the actual oh run. of the Author, Sic. on the Coo.
Intent, will speedily be produced.

Just published, by R. ACKERMANN, Loodon, price Mi.
FORGET ME NOT, ur A 011ual Pocket
Chronicle, to serve as a Token of Friendship or Alec.
lies tt the approaching Season; with 13 highly 6ni■hed Fn.
*ravings, by Agar: containing interesting Tale. and I'oet►y,
a Quoin, le of ream kable Events, a Genealnge of the priva-
te; Sovereigns and their Fansiliee, ■ List of the Ambasoadoell
at the different Court., and a variety of other ong(li I wtidfps
of refereoce. Ifinio. pp. 392; neatly bound, gilt, sad in a
sore.
V.. 1. 11. of RUSSIA, twin', Part of the 6th Division of
THE WORLD IN MINIATURE, of which have already
appear-d:— ;
11.1.YRIA AND DALMATIA, vols.= 32",oefoured
Plate.
We/TERN AFRICA, 4 vols. 47 coloured Plates, 1/. Is.,
TURKEY, 0 vote 73 Mused Piste., 21.
HODOObTAN, 6 vols. 103 colourrd Plates, 2/. Ss.
PORSIA, 3 vols. stub 30 euhtnied Plate*, 101. Bd.
AsutacußuNollETEß, nr Plaaiophere of the
ene,t itaportAist Northern Caubtellatlowo, with illtottra-
t oto. 100. od. •
Also, a great variety bf Useftil, litaiructive, and Enter.
raining Works, Gamer, att. Ste.

FRAUDULENT 'INSOLVENT DEPTORS.
AT a nuts-roux and respecinha MEETING of 4
PERSONS concerned in TRADE, held so WED.
NESDAY the 27th instals, as Cutter's lintel, Brtitae-
street, Blatkfriars, a SOCIETY was formed for tbe•
OPPOSITION and PROSECUTION of FRAU DU I.F.NT,
INSOLVENT DEBTORS. The Resoluistisis of it .e %lett-
ing, and the Rules and Regulations of she may We
obtained on personal application, as under, er will be for
warded per post, iu answer to free lettere, by similar' MP.
a ',mace.
WILLIAM CHEEK ROUSPI El. D,
Solicitor sad Secretary, It, Cbathasa•iti.tec, Blockfriers;
by whom, and by Meow.. farmed and Cu. the Bankers and
Treasurers, Sobscaoliers' mama and Sdbactiptiona will be
recelred.

satisfaction by a crowded Court ;--
.1 We find that the Defrnds►tt, Thomas Martin,
Eon. went to shoot on the grounds of John Daly,
of Ktrockshonagan, on the 20th of September last,
under a belief that he had said Ouly's full lenge
so to do ; but it appear, in ua that Mr. Martin had
oot obtained that legal prrmn►wnn required by the
27th of George 111. chapte► 35; and section 10,
and ordered to pay a fiue of one farthing."_( Cork
Mercury.)
.GREEN ROOM OP THE FRENCH THEATRE.
[From
The year
tre and its I
and bodies
merely. pai

_ .
woes governed
gentlemen of

dered upon their mistresses, and the avenues to
fame which it afforded confined to their sycophants
and favourites. The ►evolution ►hrew the manage-
ment of the houses (except the Opera) into the
hands of committers, raised the comedians to all
the privileges of genteel society. and some of its
members io stations even of political importance..
With respect to the limes species of advancement,
however, the body of comedians hare not derived
much hopour from the statesmanship of Collot
d'Herbois, the minion of Robespierre. Much cre-
dit is due to Telma, for refraining to meddle with
the sanguinary declaimers of thut day: lie made use
of the Revolution to advance himself in his pro-.
fession—tio further; and he certaiuly had every
temptatiou and opportunity to become politically
conspicuous. 13, a minor but mo►e Itooloorahle
distinction, Mol, P,evtlle, and Moovel. became
members of the loantute.
Notwithstanding these advantages, the monopoly
`of parts is still as close as ever. and the manage.
merit being in the hands of the principal actors,
whose interest is much more bent to support stage
supremacy than all the favouritism of the gentle-
men of the chamber, rising talent must remain de-
pressed as ever. Another existing hardship is, that
all the theatres are obliged to contribute one-tenth
of their yearly revenue towards the support of the''
Grand Opera: thus the genius of Duos and of
Talmo is compelled to retrench from its little 're-
ward to pay the extravagant annuities of opera
dancers. In return for this, however. both actors
and puthors can look forward to a recompense that
in our country they cannot. Au interest to the pro-
perty of a piece is not confined Ito the life of the
author, but descends like an estate to his children;
and actors ore enabled to look forward to a com-
fortable and indepeudent old age. by the certainty
of enjoying an annuity on retiring. proportioned to
their respective merits Tee-ineartart Knee, wsth
great generally, has already settled a very hood-
amine one on Talmo.

This great actor made his debut at the Theatre
Francais in November, 1787, in the put of .Seide,
in Mahoraet ; but it was not till two veers sub-
sequent that he laid the foundation of his present
pre-eminence iii the tragedy of Charles the Abair,
by Jos. M. Chenier. It was represented for the
first time oti November 4, 1789 ; St. Phal, the
first actor, considered the King of A avarre to he
the leading character in the piece, and left Talmo
the possession of the other. The tragedy met with
unbounded success, owing more to its political al-
lusions than its merits; the ruling party of the
dpatre, however, envied Talma the lucky hit hit
bad made, and brought forward Larive fur the pur-
pose of rivalling and eclipsing him. Charles Me
Math no longer appeared in the rfillehes or play-
bills, and Tainsa serum to have reundued laudably
quiet under the oppression for a full twelvemonth.
It was during this interval that La Harpe, in
August 1790, appeared at the bar of the National
Assembly, and read in the name of the dramatic
authors, that petition which afterwards procured the
decree concerning the liberty of the theatres, &c.
"Die principal articles in the petition were, the abo-
lition of what wricalled privileges des spectacles;
that every theatre' should possess itiexclusivelY the
right to represent the ancient dramatic authors;
that every author should have the right to Gs the
value of his own work, end that no piece should be
fvepresented without the permission of the author.
'lt is to be understood that the French poets do not
give up their property to managers for the receipt.
of a certain number of nights, as they do in Eng-
land, but that they receive a certain portion of the
*receipts every time their piece is represented.
At length the patience of Telma began to be
worn out, and-he was resolved no lodger to be kept
In the back ground. Charles the Plinth was again
performed, but whether through the intrigues of
the actor, or those merely of the popular party, is
hard to determine. A deputy of the town of Mar-
seilles demanded, in the name of his colleagues, •
representation of CRarks the Itlireh. Among those
who stood up to second the demand was Mirabeau.
Naudet, one of the actors, made excuses founded.
on the illness of some of his comrade,. Talmo de-
nied that there was any truth in the plea. In fine,
the piece was ordered to be performed the ap-
plause during the representation was, however,
much interrupted with disorder and opposition—
the promoters of the disturbance were arrested, and
iseot to the Hotel de Ville; among them one is sur-
prised to find the famous Dantou. The discom-
fited party did not fail to accuse Telma of in-
triguing to bring forward the piece and excite con-
fusion. Telma addressed Mirabesu to exculpate
him from the charge, and Mirabeau answered him
satisfactorily. The actor was not content with this,
but publicly addressed a letter to Naudet, in which
he inveighs bitterly against the noirs of the Comedic
Franeaise. The anti-popular party in the National
Assembly had been branded with the epithet of
noir, answering to our malignant in the days of
Cromwell. In consequence of this letter, the com-

FOICEIGN INTELLIGENCE.
• PA 7A-17.E22. •
PARIS, NOVEMBEE 44.
This morning, as we foresaw. t polavical
mon:Jew stands again at war. rhe Ministerial
Shiirnalieno liii.gew.ke any pains to conceal their
wishes, and they ifrolsably thiwkditap snow
hand «hat will-be the decision of the Co4grese.
They speak as iflt wee! alleady settled, sod were
entirely sireesibre $ their .ishes.
It may be ctrucludgeliat.they, are acquainted
with the instruction;
,Foor Ministers to the Con-
gress ; for. if they were pirific. the organs of the
authority which gave them would certainly not burry
oft war with S 9 MUNI fury. 1
The alarm; of the merchants are very great. At:
Rolm', St. Quentin, and Havre, there, is on this
subject only one opinion. Insurance Companies
have "treacly fixed she risks of war at! fifty per
cent. ; it is said even that they are some who
.refuse insurance at any premium; aud that sever
,ship owners have insured with. Euglish companies,
trrhich thus gather the benefits which escape from
tFrairee,—(C'onstirutiortriel.) w
■ The Fiscal Paredes has insetted a letter in the
Madrid papers, requesting that public opinion may
be suspended respectiug his proceedings, aunt he
publishes a vindication of his conduct. The deci.
'ion of the Cortes on the complaint of Don Nicol,is
Garelli was, that a Minister out of office must be'
tried on a charge relative to his official conduct, is
the same manner as if lie were accused while in
place.
The Journal de Toulouse states, that Villela, one
of the leaders of the Army of the Faith, ham exile.
rieticed the same fate as Hammitt°. lie lias been
arrested oa a charge of having connived at the sup.
plying of the fart of Cardona with. provisions. The
fort of Seod'Urgel is said to be occupied by about
500 men.
The Constitutiondel mentions a report that the
Spanish Charge d'Affaires at Vienna, Senor Came.
rem., who is on terms of intimacy with the Duke
of Velliugton, is expected to be called to the Cuts.
giros of Vernfia.
The King of Prussia, who left Verona on the Sth
instant for Koine and ;Naples, is expected to re.
appear at the seat of Cougress on the 2d of Decem-
ber. He intends ufierwards to visit Bologna,
Parma, and some other towns, and to return to Ve-
rona on the 19th of December. The Journal des
Deoats observes, that it is not known how long the
King will then remain in that town, but that it is
generally believed that he means to be at Berlin in
the beginning of January.
Freed' Funds, 88 Actions, 1,605 f.
[From the Colistaktionwel. J
The ordinary courier from Spain has brought
news to.day of the 10th, consequeutly ten slays
anterior to those which we published )esterday.--
Our correspondent informs us, that the enthu-
siasts% of the Spaniards is carried to the highest

,-, and refined to scat. ...in. Chewier, the ilia,' . enliltere
, yweilrer
author of the piece, clonal be supposed to have bounds, and to preent Deli of violence always tie.
been kit tranquil during this dispute. In one of ftequeot in civil tiara. 1t Prete% that Use armed Ift•-•
his letters lie says—•r I have beets compelled to ' monks are thcise who have most' to fear from the ~,,-...."*.
early /stole in, ruy`peraonal defence, from the mw- • indignation of the4torsquerors, end ''lime foreigriera
moot 'fiat my irag•tly of Chunks the Moth raised whom one i• astowished to lint in the rooks at.tio
me iris
,oli enemy in every dastard shove." ' . Smiles, where nothitsg seenis to require them° to
ls
There *iil of course a tumult in the • theateits'ae come.
snore a• the resolsoson of the edlbediais against 1 litre are Gereral Miint's Oroclautations of which
Talmo b-ihrine pttbliclt known. The parterre sill we said * few words yesterday ...
quieted the hist evening by an assurance on the It " IaRauITANTo 01 TYR sIe•LPTE DISTRICT!
part of the per lorinera, that they wound answer the a Yoo know the melancholy fair of she istspreyaatie eerie,-
iequiries and cm-uplands relative to M. Talma on fount, and the impriidert and out:ropy wen wbo abut them.
the ensuing evening. It was the Unit Septein. I sale's
diilvesnepl..tyi.ered
..:rrlbee,sr def:ar; was I ing,firm, and ohs' louse,
. Ilievh,tatesi astunohad, mica?,
made hi, 614a!""lice aS 5000 a* the and
aria as grand as time mud breast .whiels history traossnito
and addressed. the aorlience ;--... Gen- to its; hu• ever) thing oat obliged to give way to the eothlt.,
r society, persuaded that M. Talmo has I Sta,ini, coustancy, and intrepidity, of spamsh army. The
intereeta._ansf..giumeercuois4.4 gig Dis.yike hawses to dame,-1M ramp.. is Wei...woe-the fortifications
by his mil' fort. hate tome tq the usi 4.
,te,rie:hine—ainowlithils:
shot:ill:Mx
a. of frwrisseive sa
evases lailwdecf:nselwve, lermelipeledei
1.
lotion df having no connexion whistso- ordel founded so many hope., and which !Ley endeavoured.
no, till art hority shall have decided the to make the multitude share io.
. debate." Whilit a mingled tumult of a Miserable wretches! come and contemplate the u•ifor-
diaupprobstion and applause followed Ibis nib-liege, Innate spot forrni rly otscupiid by the people whom you de.
llugazon, another of the performers, rushed on the icne,cl•7l
ir!tirioY9swhwir',' onlyr,( !Jilt?: 1 1,72 may expert liab terrible
dare
stage, mid addressed the audience abruptly : to imitate Castelfullit. Retorts to yourt.cyleeti St this sight
,
" Gentlenfen, She society of comedians ate about poor abused Catalonians! Kneethe infamous wretches obi • -• '
:a
to take ihr same steps against me that they have base never. sad olio Lever sill labour, but fur their uwu im
mkt ady taken against M.,Taluta. I; is false that semis—oho only demised the re establishment of •buseg
M. Taunus has betrayed the society all his crime
that they may aubnist—who desire to retain you in ih• - •
..
;
depths of Ignorance and slavery, and who at length, as phi
consists in having told the ituhlie, that he could have seem, abandoned you in the hour of danger.
play Charlet the Ninth." Upon this a fresh tumult a ibis( you not seen, susicelf a looniest pasted, the int.
arise, the rancour of which, though not the noise, 'prudent Rotuanii:o separalthituself fruit a town, whirl. le
.-
was allayed by Soulleau's rising and imitatiiig the also his, at a critical asuelatat,-and wills a promise to word . ....'
snuff-hog voice of the then President or the Na- I
iu
yizest rp ;7.7:: re?f
my
Hawses
tobboturb
hr himbad
arbemiliacin
udiasildtasyme ... ..
twain' Assembly, crying a rardre, and ringing an succours he could find,. aid sea aceompa led by his worthy
.:
immense bell. Divrded in respect between the-old companntos Boonton*. Erolles, and soilless, sad not dare is s ..
authorities of the Monarchy and the hew °ties of •4:vance owe step, or ever tumble for a single moment t - VAL ,
the Revolution, some of the comedians had re. 1 siege, which has teemioaied in your distiuctiori ? Du y' ' •ir
need other' proof., unfoitutiate riciirris ? Yon have a course so the gentlemen of the chamber, end others
1 to the Mayor of Paris. The Mayor with difficulty ahem wisharmsin their baud,, can you import soy the
mole to courrece you ?
allayed the tumult, slid an urret du commit win: e, Do you TIM doubt the wahine', the impotence, the •
next day issued and •placardeti, enjiti 1111 l g Mes- cowardice of ihrse whonlmanduo you whin yon are besieged, e' 'I
sicurs of the Comedic Franc rice to continue their and remiss idle,wheii they ought to fight !I Where are ilium
foreir argyles so frimienily surionnerd 11 d sod to rail
tierfoimanceo in company with 41. Talmo. They
o . Usdeceise yourselves; hasten and receive the wel-
flatly refused to yield. and the magistrates 'hut le Lw
ai, or rekuncotati„n. ~i,,th vow ~,,,,,,ty, full of pay, to
up the Armee altogether, until they at length Inspatiesillto grant yuit ;or fear the prompt punishment which i
thought proper to submit. sire will Italie on her criminal children, the enemies of het
Tahoe appeared 'gain in Charles the 11. josh on repose and her happiness In order to promote as ouch ei
•
the 28th of September. Peace, notwstlistainittog, I cam the cordial reconciliation or the ear mosey punialisoeyt
alluded so, I order, iu Conseipiente of tie posed vested to
was not restored in the green-room : scandalous ma. *ha fallow.,_
pamphlets were continually maklbg‘theic appears .4 Art. I. Every lowll'or village which den to an i
Duce. Naudet publicly accused Talmo of cow- armed band of factions, less in ',timber thou our-third albs
ardice, and isaerted that he had concealed himself t itsbalitants, shall be jacked Ind burnt.
with tits fibril in is granary on the day of a popular w 2. Every town or. village obliged. to surrender by ii
i greater Dumber IV factious than one-third of its inhabitants.
"141114
The latter allowed haying been 'n the 1 and in which- the greater part of the Weer joie them and
granary but4llit day mentioned, but said that lie had c„,„h,j in their ra„!!e. shall also be sacked and burnt; but
merely ascended, that he might there have a better trimly' small smatter of iahabilets hsacionsed the (Scintilla
view of the tumult. We here take leave of the only the houses of the rebels shall be pilldevel and burnt;
without their being Ihere(ore exempt from the ptaltrat*
French greeu.rooui and Talma for a while, merely
mentioning, that as that actor laid the foundation pr0.,11.$
)unce-
Evvd •
yilc.:eie.ini oth;e:lstibaygellh!inlawlich subsist 4 or other
his fame its I-hurler tli Plinth, he 4. put the , sucerptra shall be given to the fatuous, aryl beiag is greater
"we Frencleetties observe) is the fused skint out-third of the ishabitante, Assn be coudrwned 1„'
ICI.. it....!/. .. •_,,re et --. to pay a Inc of at lewd 1,000 ivies Catalan, or more if taw, . ft
*:...-:—..-mc..-.1—... —• rot • '' renal, and the members of the Mouitipality shrill be shot I"' '4--' 41
lit ft EIGN INI ... it being at the same time understood; that whew a empanel,
finer of the factious shall force the town or village to 'apply
them, the Wilms will lint take •ny notice of it,
, .
• ThIIrPTI7'ERS.,.- " 4 Every isolated house situated iii the country, or in •
town or village which shall have beets abandoned by its In-
PARIS, NOVEMDEsa habitants at she approach of the national troops, whose dor- •
A we foresaw, tlep pollvicol tin
nbdination, and excellent conduct, are well
ellinolone;g oi
shall
be plundered and pulled (Wires, or burnt. The
'in at war. the Ministerial i people may be certain that when property is to be protected,
• any pains to conceal their i and persons seem-ed, I shall always be disposed, as I lotto • -, .
ly thilakohuy [wow ISelais aver hero, to poen!' with the greirt rigour tbe least fault
Isejsion of the Co4gres. 1 committedtu by my subalteitis.
The nnierpat eitonsillors add Justine of Peace,
.lady "tiled, and were Clergymen of the villages, situated at the distaste* of three
en• leagues from my head greeters, or from the siou where some
'ley, are acquainted superior °Meer is, who shall neglect to give me itiformidion
tiers to the Coil- from day to day, mod even several times a day, if y,
organs of the of the tonvemeuts a the factious in their vicinity, shall be
fined. If soy impuet•rit disadvantage results from their
4ly not burry ae
gliimice, they will be punished with death.
1
" 6. Every latl.volual belonging to the clam of soldiers in
-teat. At .the ranks of the factious, who shall surrender to me, or to
'ow this any General of the divisions of the army I command, with
tilanies his arose, shall he pardoned for hie crime of rebellion, The
per power of doing this uut to exited beyond the Lit. of Na-
ho 'ember next. -
i " 7... T 1m present seder, secomptaled by my Preassation
of this day to tie troops, shall he read as the Order of the
Day. Copies are to be gives to the Gerserat Commandant of
the district residing at *Dreamt, end to those of the pro- 0.
',lucre of Lerida, TarreOrra, and VirOlinei as well as to Om
Political Chiefs of the four per/emcee. i• order to MO! WACO"-, p •
imwedisiely published, sod the foregoing replan 4.
aided ea.-A• . .• '
s• Headspatters, w here Castelfollitedosti, October t4,le2p.
-- • " MINA." • s, ..
PROCLAMATION., - e'
.. 0 Soldiers of the Army of Operation of the Sneed&
.. .
District .'"
Yea will be made ompleioted Isiah ►my Ordem of this `0-
day, addressed to the inhalstmota of this district, .ad
meadares by which they are pproalmated. .I bave
•
that both shall be read to yote,,., ~, . . ilv.4
1 must carrel my gratitude tent* voltam cinema
' isaividoats who accompanied me its the eiegetoodoecupotion
of Castelfollit, mid tiestow public inilorisislis In their brave _
conduct. Yes, comrades is Arms! yrsat.Alliffewlltse your
courage, your-toustanry, Uwe triurapherlo.v.s•sill the ilitt-
collies, have surmounted the grimly. utosts-Jra. You. list l'
surpassed my writhes:, yoowbove shads me shed* handrail - ..
initiation of joy and of losetigeo-i . AI
" Let The station know it. let the whole of Esrope know ,
it! but let them at the SIM time know, that with Chief- .. . .
omi...flow' giddier., al braves as these who now ecimpoic
Itse Spanish army, there is no fear either ..t:roreiga or 0.,
inestic enemies. As the latter will v.0.0s have isi rosounrie
their absurd eoterprise, sad the foreiga wilt uevuraohy wtth
impunity the buooLr of one cowry.
si To obtain these remelts, mildsers of my dieittleo, he ye
faithful to our noble °Moo. Behave as yore•have tabbies/a
dour; do ant forget whet I have said its Article 4 of my
Order of the Day. Subardinatiort and elioreptrue are the want
of armies, as the respect of persons nod Intensity thibull i
form the character of prat aud vietl-Inlenitour4 ann. lie
ye sure, that the highest glory to which I &roue, is to r 1,.•
iii the middle of }our ranks, to preserve our liberty sad oa- -
tryout iudepeoderiee, rebid+ arc guaranteed by the Political
Constioniioo of the Spooled) Monarchy, to obey which ire
have all taken a solemn oath.
" Head-greeters where Castelfultit stood,
October 34, 1E29. a' MINA?' It igif• '
CONLTANTINOTLD. OCTOBIR 26.
A new Furman has appeared, which reduces the
Value of the new 'hooey still further, to spite of
public °pluton soul the cries of the people. The ,
terror is unieerital, as theluse is estimated at YS per

Y

.111•••••••••141•••7••••Y--- --•••1:1111•-•••••-• . -
•
• \
Amefret.l:
n
/171101Adil.it
- •
•
•
AV V 'o* •tig
1111
* 4V4kZ
„et: ~- • •'-.1% •• • •
"") • '/-71
4 . f 41110
•
Sit
' • r]
4, 1 • •
t • • • •tit 7 ' vocwq
•
gen •
1111
• •?,. -
o,•‘/1 ALLry .•.'44#;* •
A I
c , • off
.• • . •
ti .4:41
.41k,
. 0.
•
• • • •
•
NUMBER 6236. LONDON, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1822 Pitice Id. . •
a
NEW 711RA188 IWIA RtlitY-LANE. CONTRACI' EVE VATS retired loud consiticrrd ihe evidruice, ret.sriwwd the ! pony of &dotH ed Talmt from their pitefi. , Tole Generals have *ametimes. a
LA
CONIIO,4RIIT TIVIIERY following decisi
n,which woo received %itli much elriy, *nil refined to sc %I hiss. Chester, the c.tlty ceit'idititsr their onliller4 mover
VON Evening, THURSO-AY. November 48. I Mett•Rencoa N.svest eve 4.11. 1/442.

:rom the New Magazinel bey— Henri
curtain rube,
• 1789 effected H revoluitiost in the thee- ties:netts uur
members, as 'soli all all other roo4o betrays/II its i
of men. tilsibvionbrt .eossikileesid 184 traospOlbty I
art of file royal* boubehold, the tbeuire citnous resul,
ed despotically and capriciously by the ever with liin
of the bedvisasober, its revenue. quail- subject of di
1 ~

__ -- ~ ,
the keepers, when
ls.; Second Price 6d.
Places for the Boxes to be had of Mr. Brandon,at the Box. Monstratitig with these at
Offree, Hart-stret t, from Teo till Four. calling on them by name
A Private Box may be had for the Season, or Nightly, of ranee towards the unliai
Mr. Brandon, at the Box•ORIce. murdered her. On hem'
To-saorrosr, Romeo sotrJaliet—sad Rosina. that active and excellent
Oa Saturday, the Opera of Rub Roy Macgregor.
Esq, reran* teethe spot,
Oa Monday, Roams and Joliet.
Os Tuesday Isla be prodsgeta see Opera, I. Owes acts pointer, ' teas an fortunate
te Imalhaineci Ma illettee=reed fleabane% and Wires, 4. litleadrra of the murder
Idm Tragedy is is rehearsal, sad wilt speedily be pow i tilled.
iota
Miss Paton is recovering from her tale indisposition, and
INTERESTING TI
will re-appear early is December, in the Character of Man.
dame, is the Opera of Arta:el:es.
