11'111 I Lli 4VisA. Usc. 44.

On Thursday last ve had ft very heavy rain
during thi greater part of tie day, hod raper rally
nn the latefl.ooll. TOtre wits HIM) a very .ingla wind,
del. increascil toward. the evening, and contitiurd
through the night. Ott irciday aturning it blew
a gale of wind from the art n-west, accompinied
wt h fietiseat showeis; and in general, the weather
was wore severe (111110 on the furtive day. Before
she time sof high water (which, by calculation,
would have Inv., at about half-past six. ar, ni.) it
h• 4 risen to a very nuusual height, corwidering the
state of the liar. when the moon has only enter, d
into her met quiver; anti. for an bour or more
after the tune of full sea, its ebbing was scared,
perceptible.
The storm increased with the evening tide. Be.
tween three and four o'clock in the evening (sboat
three hears b. lure the time of high %este-) a vessel
w 44 übs.rst.-1 close in shore. a little to the west of
RAness Point, in a very dangerous situation, for
by this tinte the tempest had increased to a hurti-
eine. Crowds of people hastened to die spot;
sonnhers of tenter; were 'hewn, and several lire,
kindled amongst the reeks. Tne unfortunate torn
(.en in riumlyeri to,i board the vessel were distinctly
seen at tntervals. but the roaring of the 'rind end
the waves wis PO great, that nothing el.e could be
heard, nor could any assistance whatever Ire Riven.
The vessel had xraunded with her nead to the sea.
.oil had two .inchoi• out.
After • usn.t wrist esti efil.cting suspense. a
litt,e before nine o'clock she wrist to i.iecrv; and.
nainfal to relate, .11 00 board perished, except one
in, who was wa.lied on shore. lashr,l to a part of
the stern !—She proves to he the Jonah, c.innowt.
of and for Liverpool, front America, laden with
tiusher, anti had been thirteen weeks
,ppois toe
pasrage.—The person also escaped in this, fatal
semi...tit was 4 *waists on board, and is a native of
sa.de.s. r„.. Saede de..lares, that thrice he hash
r.uffetell Cie ‘11.11413P0 and the horrors of shipwrer k :
his c •Inrad, a dr.,eorici--ehi.nself the care RI *
intending Protitieoce I Vet nothing Alerts loth so
much now, es the /ors of Lit ratITLCTIOX

Thursday mottling Mr. Scat, slit., one of the
(aura s's lowborn, had the mister wit to slip down
in %Vuitton Castle, and break bis thigh. lie was
conveyed to the foottoen's room where every pont-
blot care w 411 taken of bins.
A fire broke out on Thnrsbay night at the Ver-
non's corner of Green-.trees and North
A lid ley-evert, oced•intiv4 by the neglect of a female
lodger on the second thiur, who was so dreolfully
Mold that she died shortly atter la the hospital.
A droll action, in a case of assault mil battery.
it talked Luau at Grimsby. as likely to come on at
the next Lincoln Ass.zev. Tne Plauluff is an
itinerant Quack. who, at nue dressing. got cured
ininself. by a lady at Grimsby, of a troublesome
importemity that seemed to b- coo.titutuial with
met with which he very much annoyed all
maim— the.. declaration" in this caw.: states as fol-
Inw•:—.t few days ago • Qaack Doctor, paseiog by
the door of a respectable 'mechanic in Griumby‘ia,
litred if any thing was wanted iu his yet."
po•etliy answered the niechauic. who was kilt
coining out of the door, " env wife has beet" troullied
a 'mule Latta' iii her fiend ever Wore we ware
married; anJ Iwo have I)eets troubled with a arming
ill 'ay ears; we have Moth been violently abutted
Me morning : now, if you, Sir, Cin In u. any too!,
shall net mind the espouse;—but walk iu and
see my poor afflicted w .1e:•—On entering the
mom. with his box of drugs under his arm, sans
treretounie." 1 understand. Nla tam," • he. ..I poi
are very much trastala4l with a six:ding in yam. bead;
guar odd hu,bind has set rue au, and I kale
no donut of relieving you in such a bosh e."—
Tne poor Gideon: abortion he 1 so ao...aer uses-
dimwit toe word siefiwg. but the Lady Mail as
iswit.ste velar's at her gireetibb. mad is order
to kerd h-r sio4ing in tone. begin to brat time
wi.h the poker on the back of tne poor Quack ;
who. to relieve hitawq, wa glad to seek for safety
is the street. wad run out, with et little ceremony
as he walked im—Hr complaints that there was some
of the g -arivio or Gamin is use
and so roach of the aiitato mod sbccsto, that he
means to take Oat Oinunin i.t twetre sea at u,
A,, rt the Mall of tie perfarmtuce.

NAL boArofiGnmil. Ai: ANb mit. GLI 11AS.

,L%11,5.

CATHOLIC COMMITTEE—SATvtuAT, DEC. la.

The Gineral Committer of the Ca thni.cs of fre...
I.,nd.tobvraed by a • pi.enil e. from tn..r S.-tre.
ery. tort this. day, at No. 4, C.ila-l-Wert, fur the
purpose of nominating to• Mobbras n. I 'at himient
present their Petition to the Howes of Lords and
Corninons ;
owsa O'Coxott, Esqe le the Ultaie.
At three o'clock, p. m. Orre ea% a full attend-
once of the members, when Mr. Has. the Secre.
tar!, read the several itt.solutions which puma in
the Met Meetiog.
Mr. O'Cotermt.t, then ri.e, and addrmmed tb
Chuirmist to the following eft t-t
. .

1

He 11.1 A it was his tldty„ to treat from the Sub.
Committee, to whom the prOpriety of i:arca,iiig
the number of the persons intrusted site, the ma.
migeatent oldie Catholic Petition had been re-
ferred. He had to state that in si.s. were Ull4, l-
imos in the conviction, list it sits indispensably
necessary to hate signatures to the P.dinion in
every part of helmet, loot of coarse chiefly tit
Dublin, whence alone the General Petition ciiishl
be transmitted. In fail, we •hate arrived at
the period of our Emancipation. Nothiag Lot
gross neglect, or criminal inisincinivoient, can
prevent the Catholics from being etnaiteipatert—
Should His Majesty recover (soil he tro.teil he
would). the pressure of public calamities. the *mita
and the weakness of,th - Empire. call for measores,
of conetlistioa, an', the formidable and increaiiiiig
c strength of the enemy inipenously toniontials ties,
taking, at length, effectual means of rorstance, by
embodying the Irish 'tattoo lii bile conetwou cause:
indeed. so obvious was the siece-sity of this rein.
interment. so elver was it that its place could not.
I:4- supplied by hiring ( :ermans or Portuguese--that
eve. the iirilercile Administration ny winch or sire
• governed could not long resist the growing as hes.>
dom. There was, however, • attll Dearer prospect
of stir delivery : the userpetioes of the sorereigo
parer. by ti,. PO reval• sus Lie' elle le, •, eir.ti
list laid longer. The Coa-titution was about to be
restored—the Executive Branch would loon be re-
estuldisheil—a Ha-genii appesred certain—and tt
was nut to be amprehembil that Any mite-wile com-
promise 4.f the Iti.val digony could be Wended on
the prestos occusios.
It was a pleasing ands. well-known fact; that his
Rayed li-ghness the Prince of Wales had long teen
asovinced of the policy, and much store of the
justiiie, of conceding Catholic Etuancipatioit. Ilia
sentiments no tlus .iiiiiset here neither concealed
nil demi. ful. lie had communicated ti.eus, as
became liiin. unequivocally and without insgui.e,
amongst others, to Catholis of rank sod ren;.eetal.e.
!sty; and had the eountry to weep over the stresoes
citable loss of that excellent Prince before ha go-
ceodei the Throne. his memory at least would
have been visdicated, and this decisive ?roof of his

. - -
judgment sail virtue handed down to ptist:iity by
iodispotable es idence.
It happens better, end the repootry will 'mien, ti o
the blessings that must Bow from the union of lien.*
qualities—judgment and rinse. We therefore de
not proceed on precarious grimed% when w. a ,•
flounce emancipation as et head. The word oft..e
Prince is pledged...we requite sot, iesinber cues*
we have, any more certain guarantee. We know
that his under.tanding, vier, manly. sod mist.
paired, esunot be imposed on. ant hie collet:testes,
surprised by any idle or unfounded scruple. he
well hopes, that to be just is the first dictate
cooscience, anti that fur injustice mud oppremioe
there is no religion.
Ike Prince's ttuyol ward it ',lrked, end it never
will—it never tau be forfeited ; eves hi. enetnies
(and, strange to say, be has euenwne among one
worthy loyalists, es they style themnielve.j—e.en f •
enemies cameo, deny that he has ourne throu.:h lan
the high and unblemished cheromer of a perfect
Gentlemen.
- Let it not be supposed. from the allitsioe I kens
mode t • the Prince, that I Intend to et-it, with ell
thing like reproach, ille lUtiffall of my aged end
revered Sovereign. Sir, he hag not • subject. that
holds him in more of filial resents., this,, I do;
and in sober sadness I moot codes-. that etc.. hi.
Itifirtilltly Mire than reconciles me to his tal• did Apo
politico to the rights of the Catholic...lid toolbar.
the mope .rence of inconsistency in ins conduct to.
wards as. Whether HIS Mlira,y be. in tae cant
of medicine, in a state of delirium or itissilits, it
demonstrates that our motioned slavery Amulet be
sttril,uted, net to ant fault, but to a natsforterie.
It most powerfully claims the tears of the bruits Co.
%holies fur the sufferings of their b•mi factor.
The near prospect of our ernabcisration requires,
however, corresponding 'Own; on the part of the
Catholics of Ireland-..they may lose this favourable
opportenitr by paltry, by idle deiscoey, a.. st is
callesl-.4lelteary in chains!—or by the want of com-
bining our etiorts in the common cause. To ill.
sore success, it is gnu, requisite that the Catholics
of every county end town in Ireland inotild come
forward, sod take part In forwarding mar Petit-loft.
To t.ffectuate th.sdestralike purpose, 1 am n•trutt•
ed M your Sub.Conaniittee to propose Ow lohow.
log Resnluttons:-..
" That rag the parrot of hanging heroes both Ilene. of
l'lrhameat the Patinas. wi the Calkultos of Irtialal r the
msiser most l.h.f to insure inverts. il is Isieltly expedient
111.21 the *MAW Or p- nuns isitro•!•,l • its the I 5r....11111.1
of she Petition, be teenaged tnem the staferosst everts:est
toss to behed.
That the carrying into effect the (weenies Reionisaa,
be initialed la the meting Seb-Coanno Let -
These Resolutions' having b-r., secovded, were
put, and entinimoitsly agreed to.
Mr. O'Cotteett. then said, that the Suit Com-
mittee had also attended to the ascend h.tt.ib 44
in ditty. namely, the pin p is •tion of en a, curate
statement to be lei.l hefting l'aeliettient, cal %'e per
twinn and prielan,,,e under eliii ts Cathay-.
!shoo.. Th. bed been in the News,te;•et- facer
bowl? a Couswitter ; nests M
the nese a bail toe. Th., "lily le,j.et.ens is. 1.44
le it asetthat it pr.anired tno ; f r le,. it J..ty
woe •Ottfilleit to the more inuitio.b. sphere of Cedin-
lk ImM-fence.
The gr.:evencee can ler etlyelt the 1-'6ll nation its
isorninno, laboured from a stlipitl and iellierlolol
Unon:,tratioi., Mee scaly %CI I t ter lelr•tOirg
1,14.184 OHM to •i) plenty of •sg-g ii
to hire shoed tire of COntribr'6l- calu.os, 1111.1• ;
all those grissanees were latinnd the bis, of 9.4
datj of bee Sittreontnaittte, -*re SCtOtsituf •

left by them to the consideration of cosiskat au-
thority.
It was with regret he bid to state, that the Sub.
Coos:attic had made but little progress; be trusted.
however, to the indulgence of the Committee for
an excuse. when the importance sod the difficulty
of the 'isle imposed on them was considered. To
render time statement fit for the inspection of Par.
linni,ist, it should not only embrace a great mul-
titude of looies; but in treating of them individual-
ly. it should rontain the must precise accuracy as to
law, rod no,hiog but the simple truth as to the
facts; there should be left no room fur doubts—oo
opportunity for cavil or controversy ; this was nei-
ther a light nor easy task. Indeed, with respect
to the legal part of the subject. that. of muse. was
involved in All the proverbial uncertainty of juri-
dicel coostrootion--aad this uncertainty was in-
creased fourfold with respect to the pearl laws. as
they erTS, for distinctness, called.
Sir, the Penal Laws partake of all the uocer-
taility to which all our statute law is liable, from
she manner w which Acts of Parliament are drawn
up; toe clumsy and inertificial language winch
is aged in them, and the frequent inconsistency of
their provisions ; but they are aow still more cou-
lee:J. because the original Penal Acts were. by •
strange anomaly, considered by the Courts of Jus-
tice VII do not profane the name of Justice) as
r. medial laws. The object to extirpate Popery
vas favoured by the Courts. The spirit was
strained even beyond the letter of those stmt.
ments. The infamy of the informer was not only
tewarded with the spoils of the plundered Catho-
lics, but, bY a woeful subversiou of every rule of ho.
flour. and every priociple of tootality, lie. the vile
essiassin-like informer. was &awed from the Beech
of the C carts of Equity. to be a person worthy of
their re%our, lrecruse Cllesqa iu the performance
of a sacred .lutt !

The construction which was put on these sta.
tate. when they wets in full aperatim. east still
preyed, cud such of the hideees cede as mama.
soil they are not few. must Its marinaded libe-
rally.
lint another difficulty suggests itself as miming
Com the statues that have. in part. repealed this
penal mete. These (I meals thelvierallee otatottle).
are mai.iiestly entitled to an extended and favours.
ble exposition. They are literally and beyond a
&nett remedial acts. and they have been itapeeeded
accordingly. Hy this moth incertainty and 4ls
fleshy are created, and the duty of roar Sob.
Committee becomes arduous and painful. The
penal laws see to be expounded liberality; tad
while common sense and ressau in affright desert
the ;grossed occupied by those conlictiag statiteo.
we have'impesed on as the poinfid duty *flaming
to Parliament bow the law precisely stands with
respect to all the remaining restrictions. Sea is
the iacertittede produced by thine hauling priaeis
phi of coestructioo. and by the confused and les
*jested Nate in which the penal laws commis. that
eyes epee topics which appear to au erdivary mind
as quite clear, and which have bees entioilkftd by
the pre/maim as settled, still thimble deity continue
Sri arise, and to perplex ltd bares, the Catholic
Bede.
What. fee example. can appear more manifest.
khan the right of peewits who have conformed to
the established Chore*. by • sacrifice of their con-
science either at the Aria* if *ambition or by the
pressure of the penal code, to return to the public
profession of that faith which alone such permits as
I describe entertain is their hearts. Theirs is a me-
lancholy and hovrilde situation. forced by the law
be the puttered profession of what they do not be-
lieve, they hove spent their lives in • state of vile
hypocrisy. l know not in what terms to speak of
the emaciating cruelty of the laws. which drove
amen to choose between beggery and hypeiwisy. It
is some emselation to redem. that the right of theme
uissurrusato persons to relieve themselves. without
visqse of any temporal advantage frets their dies
agreeable predicament. has from the ;der ant
until !Arty been coovidered as esqsaisellehileeiss
Yet. though that right appears plain end immilheto
though it has the sanction of the limit 'pietism et
the Bar. and its fonadatim on clear eneelnianaert
such is the perplexed state of the peal ma* lent
one eminent Lawyer has lately joestiesed thee fielin.
and has persevered is doeb•ing it. I mmilien ilia
instance to Mesons* the difficulties in which year
Sub-Committee are involved. They hem. iodord.
received snitch and 'slosh's smisteere:
esmmeai-
cations have been made hom many gsseows, sod
wr have maim to expert mach men isfenestiso.
It we/ fit that he should here notice. that on the
former day of meeting he mistimed one statement
of the Catholic suicartag.. which he perceived has
been, upin ,ottje, tore, attributed to Mr. Scully.
It was but just that he should set %h. Committee
right OS that subject. The troth to. that by seems
of that (ieutleateo'asbicare in the emints*.we have
deprived (of roy essetance whatsoever from
he did a‘sere the Committee. that es
part of any ',tau ascot with which they had been
favoured was written by that Gentlemen. The
soistolio, however, was very natural. lie bed des
scribed the statement la which he alladei as •
composition displaying greet lalwr ash isigsesity.
exertion% cod cultivated judgment. and classic
taste; is sheet, as the camposities of a lawyer. •
*choler. and a gentlemen.—Sot having been at
liberty to name the nuttier. the application to Mr.
Smelly was. he confessed. irtestatible. Ile should
coached' this subject by uodertaking. that if the
matins which be intended to sake should pees. the
Sufi-Committee will endeavour b meet your con.
adonce by exerting themselves to fulfil your wishes.
He had aloe to 'entreat that every:Member of the
Mew& Committer. and. irked. every individual
stf the Catholic Boar. will favour the Sub.Commtt.
tee with • detail of purl, forts as ma) be 1;6e%l for
the information of Parliornent.—He then mot ed
" That the Snh-Contralter be directed to con-
tinue their labours. in procuring for Pa, hainent an
"intimater statement of the privstions by which the
C 4 t !UAW' of lett and are istilbeted."
Dn. Inoeinu was *Ward to.
Mi. ti ..mitts. commued—lle said there new
team I 'or hi mil Jody the to' casing task of addreori lig
'the Committee on the dubject of selecting • Noble
.11.wtl. Who shwuld be requested PI present to the
Hewes of Peers the Catholic Prtnion. Every
anticipate the name of the &el
was only ne•essery to mate
the mind of Cabs.

tie, feelings of gratitude he his saeloallail sal and
splendid talents. and Of cordial respect fee his p..
triode virtues.—..to truth. the Catholic Cause had
received uniform and most useful support from hie
Lordship's family that truly Noble family have
been the hereditary supporters of our cause. It
descended as an heir-leens to the present Earl from
his venerated father. end he and his illustrious bro.
titers had nobly asserted their right to that isheri-
tauce. IJpee every ocauliou. and in every change,
they; have been our smiles, pure, talented. disin.
terested advocates ; and as it was not in the nature of
Irishineu t• be ungrateful. so should the name of
Hutchinson be ever *cherished in their hearts, with
'Section, respect. and gratitude. Let it not be
supposed that he was urging the Meeting to attest
Lord Dounughutore. He wield withdraw his mo-
tion if he thought there was a single Catholic in
Ireland who could hesitate in declaring that that
Noble Lord was. of all others, the most it to pre-
sent our Penne% to the House of Peers ;—lie
did therefore move,
"That owe Chairman be iwillnicted to wait on the Eirl of
Dostonglimoen. awl in the wawa respectful ensurser to entreat
Begs ea promat the Catholic Petition to the House et L.wris."
This motion was received with enthusiasm, and
carried with acclamation.
Mr. &dome* seconded the motion.

- - - -
Htresiv addressed the Meeting in them
wards:.l-Sir. costarring es Ido with uty Leon.
ad Friend is every sentiment and feeling respect.
ing my Lord Clonotighwiore sad his family. l shall
now, wannest to name. lanes—
" Tint the Bight Hoe. Newsy Grattan be meet respect.
fully eellettett M tweeent, et t►e eesemei fervor. le t►e
eseemese Mom Parbaseet, t►e Pelotas of t►e Catholics
or !whine"

Aad. Sir. I hope and trust. that the good sense
'sad woad judgment of the Catholic Committee
will. by their unanim►ty, rolvast iny mind from
that isqutetude occasional by what Get:aired ■t
our last Heehaw. WIT! it Doi fur that, I aheuld
have musidered it a onetime of t.ansion to OW cause.
to have eves thought of sabstitating any other
friend to advocate our claims to Mr. firettan's
plea► Bat as it has unfortunately reached he pub-
lic eye. that opposition to soy mobom w.t . totritsfed.
I shalt ettautlaa the ground+ on *shall I i.t.lrrstand
It esat►. I trust I shall satisfy this Co that
each opposites is en.l nrtilv ..! betopi
eetertaised for a mo.aosst by ally rtip.:(tibl•- Body
of the Cabo-tics. bat partkulaily thaw 1 nave
the honour of addresatug.
Thum she. I as informed. ties tiller:dons urged
all'uttot Mr. Grattan. mum ly—itir.t. that lie pups
peeled the Insurvettiuti Hirt—inn. secondly, that
one aides petociplee on which hr rained the Catho-
lic Queehon, daring tow last debate. wit. the meow.
as. 4' Foreign Newiaatfioa.
As to theism. I bare to toots, that the Inenrrec-
tieu Bill was prepared dosing the 4 immirtratiOG of
*Mr. Pam The Ratios were c rdideut, that that
vat sae Weald never ettlrer it to he meted on with
any spirit of hostility spies' the people. Who.*
the sew Adasiatatratiee broom it in the Bill. Mr.
Grattan. me doubt, supported it. If the Bill Were
liectisery, surely Mr. Grattan *as not only jitstiliYil.
but bound to support it. If it were thmeretaart
(air ilia evident it was), all that can be sal I ta. that
bier manly. grillereith and Insuopectuht heart, was
imposed on by the sovirepreseutatilin of the Irish
Minister.

But it ought to be recollected, blow eedielesele
he watched it, in all its singer, threrAh the Heiser.
giving his moot decided opposition (.n covereey
pith that tree friend to his country, Sr Joho New-

port) to all the olsjoetioaahk, oppleasive clatters in
the Bill.—Bet the 11.11 affected all the people of
Irelead, and set Catholics eacerivively.—lt affected
the Frisch Forty. sad I how of none in this coun-
try bat the Orange region. As to the second
objectioa, I 'WU trouble **Committee with a few
remarks.
From my owe knowledge of the Catholic Body,
I feel a csavietitio. that their sense, as well as in-
terest, is against Foreign Influeuer: but sAy they,
and se do the Catholic Bishop,, it does not emir,
and there is therefore no reread}' to make Any pro-
vision he meet it. let if the Protestants thought
otherwise. we at ht to ge ell rossesable lengths,
oseniateat with • doctrine sud
sad the eddy and integrity *fear Church. to meet
their wishes. satisfy their jealousics, and allay their
fears. If it be criminal to make soy concession,
we all recollect in 1740 that the Bishops offered to
concede eves the Veen.
Dr. Mon, before the discussion in 11404. made
what wee undeestood to be a mintier concession, to
Nowa. Grafton sad Ponsonby. The learned Me-
ttle was thee spot to the Bishops, and afterwards
received their thanks. For my pert. 1 have inne.
rearable objections to a Vers. It would retinae
the kith Church at the font of the Irish Minister—
it would effect that which the permeation of centu.
ries could est attain—and it would increase the par-
gaffer the Bishop* hod ler visiting the Cowie.—
Daseatie nominalists by a restoration of the Chap-
ters. I approve of on opposite principles. If it got
std of as oLjection, it would restore the Church to
its tree and ancient discipline. and the inferior
Clow would recover that power which bad been
usurped from them. end that portion of weight to
whit* they are entitled in our Church. When Mr.
Orman ascertained Catholic sentiment In be averse
to a Veto. he so stated it in Parliament. What
the. was his aim' lie recommended Domestic
Nomination. Did not the countirs of Kil.lare.
Deny. and Tipperary. do the same ? What right
had Mr. Grattan to imagine that such was not the
, sense of the Irish nation?

Now, as to the present Committee, what was
their conduct on the appeatitster of the unnecae.gry
letter of Lord Granville? They referred this eery
snbject to • Sub-Committee. of which Mr. Clinch
(if I make any mistake with regard to this gentle-
man. I shall most willingly correct my er►or) sod
other Gentlemen. stoppered to possess the confidence
of the Clergy. formed a past; ■net after min+ eon.
sidentioa. they agreed suauiinoutly to nadir the
following Report :-
0, Ist. That. excluding from our coatialeeition
the athatimihtlity of any interference of the Cevsa
in future election's of Catholie Prelates in Ireland.
we are, however, willing in derlare. that (se the
event of • total and ungealstiell Emancipation of
the Catholics of Ireland) such temalberste sad tea.
small' measu►e. may. in our ;edgm•nt, ►e. on
daecoos►deration, devised. as 11) renAertng such
titctiou purely astreasl. deruebtre, and Catholic,

would effectually obviate 111 l specials objettitins,
rounded upon Foreign influeoce of any desetiptiow
in that respect.
ti 2d. That such measures% if cordially promoted
and sincerely acted upon by the Executive Govern-
meut, would, in our judgment. profthighly bene-
ficial to the general interests of our country, with-
out being incompatible with the panty or in wry
degree injurious to the Catholic Religion iu Ire.
land."
Mr. Hamm proceeded—Ls not this expressly
approving of domestic nomination—(the crime of
Mr. Gramm, and the litany pretext fur Catholic
ingratitude)—Mr. Randall *Donnell agreed to
move, at the Getters' Committee, for their adop-
tion, these two resolutions. me the Report of the
SuloCommittee. The very morning, however,
that the Committee was to meet. a few of the Sub-
Committee met, and agreed to defer, for that time,
makiag the Report. as Mr. *Donnell enured them
that the Bishop% were to meet in a few days, end
that it would be but respectful to wait their deter-
initiation. This l did nut approve of, knowing
they would not give up the power they now exer-
cise of appointing their successors. Some of the
Sub-Committee. who were not at the private Meet-
ing, disapproved of it. Having perused a shoiyof the
iutended Report. I moved it, and was supported
in it by a great proportion of the wealth and re-
spectability of the Committee; and were it not for
the private compact. it would have been union.
mously adopted. These Resolutions, if 1 ism
rightly informed, were also approved of by Mr.
Keogh, and the principal Catholic.. Mr. Grattan.
I ant told, received a number of private letters
with respect to the sentiments of the Committee.
1 had curry reason to imagine there would shortly
be a vote of the Commit le approving ofimminefion.
—I. it for this, then, that we are to withdraw our
confidence from Mr. Grattan ? From that able
and enlightened patriot, our old and faithful ad-
vocate—he whose whole political life is interwoven
with all that is great and glorious in his time in the
history of his country—who first delisted and
trampled on the old system of Swish domination—
adored and beloved by Ireland. dreaded by a prosti-
tate Porliameot, and venal Cabinet—he who
wrung from the terrors of the British Minister all
those concessions by which lielsnd obtained the
sols.l proso-nty (not the /Ina and iusidting proepe-
eity w;ilt which err Talk Matters hare rhlienled
as) she enjoyed previous to that accursed weatare
the Mina!!!
Mr. Grattan's devotion to the Catholic Canoe is
too fresh is our recollection to require a particular
recital.-1 /tope ins services live in th*e hearts of the
moat callous of the opponents to this motion.
On the question in Mt and 17;ki. he differed
with the Corporation of Dublin rod many of his
Constituents; his fair fame and illustrioua charac-
ter were libelled—he was pointed oqt Monis/emu:ors
Journal as a jit object for assatsinatinn. and there
were not wonting those erilliug to take the hint—
hr ws, disfisinehmed—he was hunted by every
(trance totoorthoterid, who thought mock loyalty
cater for every crime—he was even ready at the
ensuing election to risk his iser-:•nal safety, against
that rile hog, that erincing Cerberris, Mat's hired
to bark at us—who is beginning to open hie
ugly jaws once more. le it for this, then. that
hr is to lose Cathel.c confidence? or is it be-
cause, that when Ireland was about to be told
to Etiglatirl. forgetting NA ingratitude, remem-
bering only his estuary. he once wore entered,
lint in a weak and sickly state, that Houle he
had so often contusioned with his eloquence—
[Here Mr. Hussey will interrupted by universal
cheers end acelamations)--hut feeble health d.d not
protect this friend to Ireland from the venal insults
of those who were determitted to sell that independ-
ence he wee so long labouring to attain—he t' tight
for Ireland agaiust her calumniators, and was
ready in the glorious cause to lay
.down his life.
Oar prayers were heard—he way saved—not, I
hope, to encounter Catholic ingretitude. but that
he may once more present the humble Petition of
five millions of his Catholic countrymen, and live
to me Catholic Emancipation the result of his
im-
mortal labours.
Will you then rob the real patriot, in the moment
of victory, of that triumph which toleration is now
so likely to obtain over bigotry. and it. popery;
sad prefer Imitating the Corporation is their ra-
tite& ; or the brace exploit of the University, in
taking down his picture, because his heart was im•
moveably attached to your cause?
1 shall now state one circumstance, which will
surprise the opponents to my motion ; that is. that
after Mr. Grattan had written to the Committee.
and stated the grounds that he meant to rely on 4
Parliament. and after he had actually 'nide the
statement complained of in promoting the Petition.
be was answered by the Committee here, not by
a complaiwt. ant by a romoestraoce, but by the fol-
lowing vote of Thanks:—
" Resolved. That the mot mucked sad raids% tliattlat of
the Catholics of Ireland we dee. end see hereby given,. to
that eeeletie wed eulieliteue4 patriot, the debt Hoe. bleary
Grattan, whew an dillicelties east deter, no tolerate can
wince, ear any swerepreeestatioe elude from the jest sea-
port doer chows in Parltaineed, the meow of which starts
no
two the tree iiteereaui of the hespies, thee the nests eel
liberties of we sod oar posterity.*
144, if you reject my minima. your inconsistency
will become proverbial—your ingratitude and fully
will induce the thinking and rational part of oar
Feely to desert von—how delighted would our eat•
min feel I—how discouraged our friends!
Let me ask. have we not a sufficient amber of
'armies, without losing our best friends? The
Castle, end their hireling press. their satellites, flee
awls Purist and the Journal, are arrayed against
as. Even the Dog, so long chained and onsuled,
has been let loose. and ordered to renew his hideous
howling.. A hostile Govermentoseting spout and per-
petuating that conduct Mr.Grattan charged them
with in leos.—.The Catholics (said he) would
prefer their situation before the repeal of 1798, to
whet followed, inasmuch as they experienced in the
Irish Government a more deadly sod active ninny
than they before exiierienced in the Laws.''—eAnii
again he saws, "the Government took care theCatno-
lice should derive no benefit from the Act of 1790 ;
scarcely ever giving an office, in onnseqttence of the
Act of Parliament"—lithe very thing they now do,
and that which the Her has recommended; "and al-
ways at is rki og their characters Omni a Court Press."
We all know that there are prsssts at Owe moment
hired to calumniete the C 6441101, and, .4 whilst I
spina it, do I live?" paid most 'shamefully out of

ale .
prints

person emtesent asset setiiii
of Doessglissors.—lt we
Iwo. is vale, testate is
. _

ate tithe ninon!' front the hungry peasant. Thelle
prints ere also rewarded by the publicitku of p
elaarsituas, exelasiae imielligenell, expresses, - 7.9.
A few days ago. one of the Lao Oili. era id' fa'.
Courts directed the asle. or Itltit g .4 ik, ,i,, ii, l'i:t
county of Kerry, to bt-istreitedPio 11/e Nor;
though ht,irsti amered 14 . the_ Agent in tI e
c,,, „.
that the pier. MIS seizure received nor rend by ..
individual is Ail Nagai y .—T iik 0 F
riCLIt '1
-
1110
14 M.TIED ACCORDING TO ORDER. ! !
To @hew what we are likely to expect from El
land, I shall quote • few observations of on ...,',-,-
molt diameter on that subject. Mr. Blow ( :,1.
citto-Ceueral) in a speech of his, nye—"F,,, i.,,,.
tories has the Doltish nation and Parliament kep; J
you down--ehackled your commerce-,svmed
your exertions—despised prey eharotter--asd tido
culed your pretetisionr. She never conceded 6
point to you which she could avoid, or granter, a
favour which was not reluctantly distilled. TI
have been all wrut.g from her, like drop, of rwYr I
heart's blood. For six hundred years she h ,
treated you with uniform opprtssiou and inpiork,..
What Ireland might be if site *me dli,„tiy
treated, is* picture fur the fancy."
Mr. Pitt says—" Ireland lass been vnif . 4
;AWN.I, tii
aintreitsii:i,itn
redrd.gewits
ifh:hpilabatied°llladoesjno.:o,Jedeutecaneadillauncsdlopusiladprviri_.‘ed,—nreiladher'eir7.irl:rnd.
tin:silt:l7:i:
Isiii
ing never drecovered in Mr. Grattan a tingle act of 1
public or private dialionesty—hodisig him, ander
every change of time and circumstance, qi, ~..1. 1
tared and unalterable friend of his country
Ms Catholics—a man who would not accept place ;
or pension for himself or family—hemiug that ~ i
will cheerfully undertake the laboros se oi.h to
impose upon him, Anil which nnthioc b•,. the pa. 1
riou, awl nnrivolled seleiv+ of liti. truck err •t matt
could throw the otighteo odditi:),:,l 1,,,,i:, on
...... ,
I shall sit doom, exprrsaing us. firm coarninia '
that TOW will dt•eliar4e yourtiutos t ,11.3 r ',Wig, V, ;
and best consult your ilocie.t. ottJ )our h.,noto IY 4
the unanimous adoption of the Heal; uh, Ds 1 bite
had the honour of submitting to you. t
Mr. Hussey'. motion VI 11* then read hv the 4.'1 ar• I
Mill). and, w.th the except:on of one (Nit. O'li .r. /
man) dissentient, agreed to.
In like manner a Motion of Thanks to Mr. Grit.
tan was moved, and agreed to.
I
4111411ASTS.
.....1111111M
CORN-EXCHAN‘E, Des. IV.
CURRENT PRICE OF GRAIN. 1
Whast. its. S. 9os Beans (old) .... set Wit. NI 1
Fitt. ditto
k)e (new) ....,re. SOL has Oats u3s so..
• I
Barley ...„21; lam. Parsed ditto .. ..... ,lii. .is
Malt tim. Ip. Poulos dins 4. .
White Pau 1 . , Rope Seed ...... ... 441. 5.1 .
....7% s P
geor(biariesters) s •• • • 112.
40,117 a I
siessiorms, nom,
.... A
' ..
kIIITRIIIRLD MARKET, Doe. os.
To sisk flts offal, per ittiOratalb.
mer......nr. It to Se. 4.i. Hoed a 4 Calk, this day 11
Mattes..... wt. to as. sd Brims .......
Larair....ar. N. to et. ad. Sheep 3,1.
Veal 3s. od. to es. ed. Cabe. 1
Pest Ss. 1
.od.i-tnlf AN. POP
WAT-NAREET.
Hay ...... ...SL cm. red. to 91. as. ed. .
Straw ..al. is. oil. tir 31. a. 011.
(lam A. sow ed. te 91. la ed.
NEIVOSTR AND LRADENIIII.I. suntsTs.
(By the Carcass.)
11111'eattf se 44141. ed.
Cc I 10.
At a. , 6:::Aa44.IKIETII Vire.r:tprzli":26..."tra: "to 7yl:.
Ships at Market. ' Ships aslil. Prim.
.
es Newca5t1e........... tsi
tas ltd la Ors.
1 Yorkshire •• o
i Calm .... .... .;.:.... 1 .....e sac 66. to IS ' I
CUCIP3Z ar,IIIICHANOZ,' Fat OAT, Dec. ss s
Astarerdaw.... 30 6 s C. "dim " 651 i
Ditto at Sight.. Se t OPOdo •• 66 i
Rotterdam.... Is 611 U. Sin 311103.•
:
Haenbargit:.... ta 6 vir• Mlll' .-
to
al
Altous
Paris i dafsdate "19 7a
giV
Cart ab"
. I. I aI
Ditto
ti
Beredeeme .••• 19 111 Pestagal Gold is
Madrid....... i:zr Coin awl Bars I. • a I
Ditto. par aa. • • •
Cadiz. .... ilimr 'malt* held wn
a•• ]
Deets SS Bus
Palermo .....,,tee New Desiblems • 9 •
Billies .4.... .... New Dollars
Gibraltar M. Silver Is Mare ...• a " a I
hew Laois (each) 0 40 • II
LOOM* I .7.•
Bemis s• Ape es the Sash at Ha I
Vomit, MI • 4 per Cat. I
Maples.. . 40 1
• 1
MEETINGS OF CREDITORS AT GIALUHALL, 1
Os Imo DAY. it 11 i
Edward Messes, Aktermaskary, Landes, viii•ileask 1 i ;
lines. draper - -
.
William Atwell Symerier, Bristol, mercer - • i
.
Salami Poch, (invested, Kent, pander . 5 1 1
DIVIDENDS. I
Edward lkaelk9, sea. Bromley. Millak n sem. bea • I I
FrederieusturCasper Kopp, Gartta.roa, 01S•ft1:1.1: 3
il
nwore
Jetta Naval and Sampson :Verdi, Stake, Sla i
i t
shire, earrien • .
Richard Buselt, Shaw haat, shopkeeper -
John Weer% Ledgate-hilt, Meteatter . • s
i
1
Mitleitrouilleiztlaite of I= Illadloolsobolalw.
1
I
Betsey Julia Peet ra, take*, Middle se, halides -
Walter Fey, beech-street, liata.draper - -
1
Yereseday—le xersollo-41114•7 " lb. Public °ad.* I,
-------- - -- --- - -- ---
MARRIAGES.
NarikAt A.u.assesham„..,
anialLausmeks„.sa 'Woodsy
Drake, the Rev. Jampb Heath, M. S.l"ofe'pal 71abthael.g:311.
111
O. Moodily last, at St. Georges Chinch, Maeover:
I
I
meMr..4lLesseGru.preasfnerFl.squaiert-stereet,.iya:riesMisa. E. keys, 4 1.;
Last week, Mr. Brawn. ten. Comedies, et
Royal . _ •
Matti Theatres, and fesaseity dolls Ttseawe l. %.
lautipwiLast.Emow:ukt'll'utihse.l Cimirlarie"errNTH...maul7pcihe,a. Yaw. dFawraneeter ii; fwfsitfiLlifL3l:lo• •
el:
wick. • ' i
Oa Saturday last, Mhos Mother's ((Lard Drsime,f•, - t
itailDsve7.7.l,....,:arkat.t.7llhes
itedHae.:.4
onMeytileolieLestik.chfsitaiiii.
itt:l,lll:is.L.i.
li
611.0isonvel:DIST. rirtsat'Ar.:lo,3k4:lAlaTl:.".tiafterlam.g%
.e:3:_le:bh:6eme+Estiss.AsteTist:=:_____Ailiolitalans. r4isti:::141:::::.3,1:4.1::: tii.,
(pest mid) mast TM selresesie. sol
Pu int
Clisureses.lite, PAsqlt....,_ WIWI,
r Publisher r. -
.. .
