thrt wrirds of 40,000 men will arrive 'from all
ci,narters at Madrid to support the Coustitutional
bovernment. _ .

The negociations of the Austrian and English
Ministers are suvpended. on account of Ramadan.
It is stated, however, that the Principalities ♦ill be
immediately evacuated, and the differences with
Russia are considered as terminated. There is no
talk, however., of sending a Commissioner to treat
directly with that Power, or of the nomination of
ilospoders.
The Porte, it is said, is about to prohibit adrnis-
•ion to the litack Sea, by the Bosphorus, to French,
Spanish, Neapolitan, and Sardinian vessels.
The Capitan Pacha is sial et Scio, without do-
ing any thing; the report, therefore, of his depar-
ture for the Mores spire.rs h+) he premature. As
the armament of the thud expedition is much sew
coerated, unfavourable reports are circulateel
specting the fleet of the Capitan Pacha, but She
appear to have no foundation.
The Janiesaries destined to form part of thin
maritime expedition have committed in the mean.
time many excesses ; they have assassinated in the
streets a great natuber of defenceless Christians.
The Porte in vain endeavours to remedy this dis-
order; the irritation of these troops is pushed to
the highest degree. It is thus essential to the urs-
guiltily of the capital that they should be sent off
without delay.
At Scio there is not one stone left upon another.
The houses have been demolished, and in 'some
instances the children were buried alive under the
ruins. As to the inhabitants of the island who
were at Constantinople, and whom the Porte had
ordered to remain there, they were all executed,
their property confiscated, and their shops in the
Bazaar emptied of their contents.
The fate of the Greeks who are here is truly de.
plorsble ; they keep themselves shut up in their
houses, and the Jews, compassionating them, bring
them provisions for money. Two or three days
sometimes pass heroic these Jews, much tormented
themselves, can snorer with provisions to ►ave nu..
merous families from death. If a Greek venture
to ►hew himself in the street he runs the risk
of his life. The other Christians are also humi.
listed, and misfortune to him who should attempt
to read a posting-bill; he would be thn victim of
his imprudence. All commerce has ceased. There
are only a few shops open at the Bnzimr, and
these only a few hours in the day. Thus the state
of the capital is not tranqvillising, and the future
gives no better hopes. It is thought that as soon as
the Cspitan Pacha shall have been joined by the
third expedition, he will atterript to strike a great
blow against another island. The consequeace will
necessarily be. the execution of the richest Greeks.
FRENCH FUNDS.
Fife aeiceat. Caseols Opened ■t 91 t—Closed at 90 f.
95 c.; Bask Stock, 1,597 f. 60 e..-1,996 f. 11.5 e.
Fictisege oa Landau—One Month 25 f. 50c.; three ditto,
Rsf. 30 e.—Nitapalitaa Five pee Ceat.7oj 71 10L.--( COW'S
Aufhentique, July 13.)

GERMAN PAPERS.

V&&NK?OIT, IDLY 8.

Just as our Paper is going to Press, we ►eceived
accounts from Vienna of the 4th instant. The Me-
tslliques hail risen, to 79 9-16ths, and the Bank
shares to 775. The cause assigned for this extra-
ordinary rise, is, that the Batik will henceforward
discount for 4 per cent. instead of five, as it has
hitherto done. The Bairk purchased on that day
300,000 florins in 5 per cent. Meta!lives, at the
course of the day for its reserve fund.—(Fradfort
Papers, Jay 9.)
x•I.ONICIU, MAT 9.

Several villages of Mount Olympus have taken
nn part in the revolt. and have remained quiet.
The Pitch., at ►he head of about 15,000 men. has
executed justice on the others that took aux arms.
And alto justice was this? All the men who could
not escape into the mountains have been cut to
Pieces; ill the women and children that could be
Lund have been reduced to slavery. The little
limn of Dimwits bas been totally destroyed by tire.
notwithstanding the orders of the Poch*, who was
unable to check the fury of his troops. Some
Greek villages were burnt by the insurgents them-
selves, because the iuhabitants would not join
them; sod some of the armed Greeks had the bar-
barous courage to massacre their wives and children
with their own hands before they took flight.
_

WAY 11.

All inquiet towards Nimasta; but it is the stiluess
of the tomb. Our Paella has returned with the
greater part of his army. Yesterday they brought
in the bead of the fatuous Chief Litiraski, and that
of Captain Dacia. At the same time 49 Greeks
were brought io, who after having formed part of
the corps of those Chief., had tied into the moue-
tams. They were immediately beheaded.

ROYAL GOIDENS, VAUXHALL.
THE Nobility, Gentry, and Public, are most
A rispartfullr informed, that the various Amusements
Oath have gives such complete satisfaction wilt be re-
plied TRW EVENING, WEDNESDAY, holy 17, with
WONDER of WONDERS, the Junior langaemar, the
TIGHT ROPE PRODIGY, with ASCENT a.la seequi.
Tie IleoebTld Heynaplaihmortron. Esirmirdiwary Fire
Thrki, by its unrivalled Chevalier llouthby, Sac. itc. /cc.
Doors to be opined at Half.pait Seven —Cowers begins
Ss. 6d.—Sapper Boxes nag be en.

THE BAR TI SH PRESS.

LON DON,
WEDNESDAY, JULY 37, 1822.

The House of Lords were hist night 'rimed in
general discussion es the Small Notes Bill—a
moan which has been resorted to by way of re-
trictstion, in order to save the agriculturists from
ley further decline io the prices of their produce.
There is a question between the parties which re-
loins the decision of time—whether or not the
mere ability io the Bank to issue small notes,
'Nisch is mid to be all the power given by this
be sufficient to keep any addition of paper
money floating, while the public are to be lift un-
der Mr. Peso's 8,1 l to denieuri coin at their plea-
sure, Undoubtedly the Bank notes are at present

I in as high credit as the metal snooty; bat the
Bank is as yet not responsible for the payment of
them. This seems to apply to all the cases which
have been cited in Parliament, which have made
'some of the nvetnbers bold enough to ever that the
Bank could have Made one of their 1/. notes worth
two sovereigns had they so chosen ! It seems to
hive been left out of the question that the Bank
has had an absolute dominion over the money of
the country ever since 1797, front which they are
to be entirely deposed its May 1833. Will the
public treat their notes with the same reverence,
when they bear natural and ordinary responsibility,
which they observed towards them while the Bank
could refuse any other medium I The very pass-
ing of the Bonk Restriction Act, and still more
the Stanhope 11111 of I£t I, to compel with penal-
ties the receipt of Batik notes as • legal tender,
ingest doubts to the'contrary. The question has
never yet been tried with success. We shall see
what the suggestibus of Mr. RICARDO and the
prudence of the Bank can effect towards establish-
ing a large responsible paper circulation by this
day tivelveasouth. There is one subject connected
with this which was referred to last night with some-
what of a new elucidation. lu answer to those mem-
bers who complain of the too sudden return to cash
-Payments, end the consequent augmentation in real
value of the expenses of the national debt, it has
'been the practice of Ministers to observe that the
loans of the war were contracted with an under-
Vending that the country would resume the ancient
standard oo the return of peece, at which time
they were bound by the then existing law to do
away the Batik restrictions. To this the Earl of
CAE/JAIME aptly replies, that the idea of having
the interest of the debt paid in a standard of value
greater than that of the money lent, to say nothing
of the violence cf such a proposition, could not
hays entered the mind of the loan-contractor—be-
cause the Parliament end the CHANCELLOR of the
EXCHEQUER maintained stoutly that there was no
depreciation whatever, nor was any such effect on
the currency admitted uutil after the time when
Government ceased to contract for fresh loans. His
Lordship intimated his doubts also of the equity
upon which such a claim could be established, be-
cause the money borrowed must have borne the
same depreciated value in proportion to the inter-
est—in ether words, that a creditor taking five per
cent. iu a depreciated currency, bargains for the
same proportion of interest as another creditor lend-
ing at five per cent, in a currency of • higher value.
In reply to this, the Earl of LIVIMPOOI. reminds
the agriculturists of the enormous increase of rents
and prices during the war, when the public annul-
taotslof course his Lordship must allude to those
who advanced them money before the depreciation
of the .eweerreery in 1797) were •swifering very con-
siderable loss by the dimitfished value of their
. incomes.

We yesterday announced the failure of the late
mutiny of the royal guards at Madrid in favour
of despotism. This intelligence is confirmed by the
arrival of papers from that city to the Bth instant.
The important result has not been effected without
bloodshed, but it is grateful to reflect that in the
-contest the mutinous guards were the assailauts.—
On the 7th, before day-break, they broke up from
the Prado, and penetrated into the city, throwing
down one of its gates. Their plan was to form
themselves into three divisions, one of chichi was
to'attack the park of artillery, another to disarm
the national militia, and the third to take posses-
sion of the Puerta del Sol, and guard the streets
leadiug to it. The first of these failed without an
effort. The division which attacked the square of
the Constitution, 'hewed more courage, but was
overcame by the superior , valour of the militia,
and the third division being dislodged from the po-
sition which it had taken at the Puerta Jet Sal,
fled in disorder. Routed in ull directions, they
found themselves reduced to the necessity of
seeking an asylum in the King's Palace. and
a deputation from them proceeded to the Flail of
the Cortes, where the Permanent Deputation had
assembled, in company with certain member. of
the city corporations, declaring that the guards
were ready to surrender their arms, but that
they should be permitted to do so when they were
beyond the precincts of the Palace. It appears the
answer was, that at the end of four hours the two
hattaliocv which had remained in the Palace should
retire with their arms—the one to Leganes, and the
other to Vicalvaro; and that the battalions of the
Prado, who had fled hither, abould form tents, and
should retire without arms to their destined quar-
ters. The arrangement was agreed to, but before it
could be carried into effect, the battalions of the
guards which were condemned to surrender their
arms, took to flight ; they were pursued, and be-
fore ten o'clock at night more than a third of them
were b;osigirt back prisoners. Thus termiosted
this treasonable attempt alpinist the Constitution.
At the date of the last accounts the capital bad
recovered its tranquillity. The number of killed
was not accurately ascertained ; on the part of
the guards it is stated at about • hundred ; the
loss on the other ►iide comparatively trifling.
All the circumstances of this mutiny combine to
inspire the friends of the Constitution with confi-
dence in its strength and stebility. Hisao, ALAYA,
all the men of tank, talent, and character, of
whatever principles or party, were found rallying
round it, and eluting themselves to repel the attack.

The weakness of its eiseaska is thus ascertained, and
the reel wishes of the KING beipg exposed, no fur-
. slier confidence can be placed in his professions in
favour of liberty. Ms conduct will he watched
In future with greater vigilance, and probably sub-
jected to some new feitfrintr.

We have received the. Paris Papers up to Satur-
day last. They contain no intelligence of any
interest.

A Dutch Mail has arrived. The following is an
extract :

FRANKFORT. JULY 5.
One of our Papers contain* an extract from a
private communication from Constantinople. of the
11th June, from which it seems certain that that
capital enjoys tolerable tranquillity, and tl►at hopes
of peace are still confidently entertained, but that
all business is suspended on account of the Ramo-
na. The Porte seems resolved to strike a blow ut
the Russian trade in the Black Sea, by prohibiting
the Genoese, who used to carry on that trade under
the Russian Rag, from navigating the Euxine.
Another letter says, "1 think it will be doing a ter-.
vice to the Captains of all vessels which do not carry.
the French, English, Austrian. Russians or Dutch
flag, to insert the followiog in your paper: Accord-
ing to orders issued by the Porte it will no longer
allow the vessels of several nations which have no
right of navigation in the Black Sea, and which have
hitherto navigated it by titling in cargoes here under
the flags of one of the above-mentioned five ►►ations,
to make use of this means to cover their vessels.
They are consequently precluded from all naviga-
tion in these seas. The Porte itself will pro-
bably be soon convinced that it injures itself by this
regedstiou, and revoke it, but mean time these ob-
stacles are very injurious to vessels that arrive here.—
(Dulci. Papers, July 12.)

The distresses of the Irish peasantry unfortu-
nately render' a continuance of those benevolent
exertions which have done so much honour to the
feeliugs of Euglishmen, a matter of urgent, of
imperative necessity. Yet let it not be supposed
that. like abject mendicants, tbey are willing to
abuse the charity extended towards them, and by
'making a pitiful lamentation, endeavour to extort
from the compassionate bosoms of their fellow.
subjects in this country a larger sum than is
absolutely required for the alleviation of their
sufferings. The Irish Journals contain state-
ments, unhappily but too well 'authenticated,
which prove that the bitter cup of misery is
drained to the very dregs. A single instance
will suffice--the putrid carcass of au rushee! which
had died of disease, and been buried three or four
days, sees then, lip a•d vorrii•df air ay a wretched
family for food ! Still we may be allowed to hope
that the full tide of charity will be strong enough
to remove an unparalleled accumulation of poverty
and went, aggravated by disease almost beyond
human endurance, and that as oil, when
thrown upon the agitated waters, gradually
superinduces • calm and unrefßed surface, it
will with a refreshing effect heal the sickness of
hope deferred, and restore, at least, comparative
tranquillity and comfort, instead of the multiplied
horrors of disease which tortures the body, and
anguish of despair which preys upon the mind.
The apprehension of continued, nay, of increased
calamity too. remains to be averted, for in some in-
stances the sufferers, influenced by dire necessity,
have had recourse to the potatoes in their imperfect
state of growth, which, if persisted in, must destroy
all hope, so far as regards that great article of re.
source, of support fo► the ensuing year. As for
those who press forward in this great work of mercy,
in the very exercise of the feeling they have their
reward :

" It dropped, as the Estelle rain from heaves,
Upos the plase'besestb—it is istiee bleed;
It Wessel\ him that givea and bits that takes:

'Tim mightiest in the mightiest; it becomes
The throned Monarch better than his crown:

Hie sceptre 'hews the force of temporal power,
The attribute to awe sod niajeaty.
Wherein cloth sit the dread sad Lear of Kiop.

Butomerey is above this @centred sway—
It is esthruned in the beanie of Kipp;
11 is an attribute to God himself!"

The Orphans' Fund having been so much the
subject of public discussion, we this day give the
Report of the Committee of the House of Com-
mons, which is a developemeut of that interesting
subject.

Yesterday, at half-past twelve o'cloek, the KING
left town in his travelling carriage fur Kew, where
his MAJESTY spent the day.
The Princess AuausT♦ dined with the Duchess
of GLOUCESTER yesterday.
THE Duce op YORK'S Lmm—Yesterday the
Duke of YORK, RS Commander-in-Chief, held a
Levee at his office in the Horse Guards, which was
attended by General COFFIN, Lieutenant-General
SCOTT, Major-General Ntcou., Major-General
STEWART, and about 30 other.. Lieutenant-Ge-
neral Sir Wad. LumLET was presented to his Royal
Highness on his return from Bermuda.
Messrs. HOPE and MENZIES, the two Scotch
Advocates, are arrived in town from Edinburgh.
Mr. STAINES, the messenger of the House of Com-
mons, arrived in that city on Thursday, and served
them with the order of the House, requiring their
attendance at the bar this day. Mr. STAINES took
his departure in the mail, and the two gentlemen
travelled in a private carriage.
