HOUSE OF COMMONS, TuzsDAY; JULY b.

•
The SPEAKER took the chair this day at the usual hour; and
immediately after a message from the Loids requested the attend-
ance of the Commons, to hear his Majesty's assent- given, by Com-
mission, to several Acts which had passed both Houses.
Upon the SPEAKER'S return, he announeed to the House tie
names of the several Bills which had received the Royal Assent.
A person from the office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland Free-
aented printed copies of the certificates, signed by the Lord
Chancellor of Ireland, in the case of Macquire.
Sir R.FERGUSSON presented a petittoo from Longfo•d,Wi:ts.
concerning the case of Robert Gourlay.—Ordered to lie on the
table.

Mr. Secretary CANNING stated, that his Arajraty had resit
the Address of the House of Commons concealing the destructio.t
of the Methodist chapel at Barb.ulou, which his Majesty had
graciously received.
Mr. R. MARTIN presented • petition from certain inhabit..
ants of Lambeth. expressive of their approbation of the 11111 to
prevent the cruel and improper treatment of alibutls.—Orderett tt•
lie on the table.

Mr. INTTELTON presented a petition form 2,000 British
females, inhabitants of Birmingham, praying for the Abolition of
negro slavery, and especially of the slavery of infants.—Ordered
lie on the table.
DECCAN PRIZE MONEY
Mr. A BE fiCROIMBY rose to present a petition from Si, Evan
Macgregor. oun of his slajesty'snitle-de-camps, an.: a member of
the Prize Committee. The situation of this gallant office: enables
him to acquire full infozmationrespectiugthe Deccan Prize Money.
The petitioner had observed that a petition had been presented to
the Home from several of stating that thoy depended on the
Trustees for the proper guardianship and prompt payment of the
money t and alto to prevent dm contionance of neetilms and expen-
sive litigation.. The petkimier• remarlot, thet there can be no
reasonable grounds for complaining of tip litigation which took
place before the Lords of the T::easury, as the claim of the Deccan
army was them successfully established by the efforts of the law
advisers. The petitiocer farther assured the House, that in his
constant communications with the counsel and agents, he had ob-
served the most anxious desire on their part to prevent litigation
and every expense, which the interest of the captors had not
rendered necessary. In conclusion, the petitioner stated. that it
wet extremely disagreeable for him to thffer with his brother
officers; but he could not neglect this opportunity of paying the
humble tribute of his approbation to the counsel and agents wt.o
conducted the cause of the Army of the Deccan. This petition, he
(Mr. Abercromby) considered well deserving oldie attention of the
Kruse. The petitioner had taken this step solely by his own
conned, and had thus cynic Mrwartl, like an honest and an honour-
' able man, to express hit opinion, and by an tieing, act justly
tossed' individuals against whom any unfounded aspersions had
been thrown out. The other petition, to which Sir E.. 11 wgregor's
stint
litigation. The manner in which this charge was made was mos:
ape,diftitoinieyrerr
dreesieriled, insinuated :attd
increase
t thebnantii c p
ruoiirtectsclsd
needless
opia
:a
nlccs.openta
petitioner vindicated the Puke of Wellington. and set Anth his
Ile (Siff. A box Toothy) admitird those services, but
unjust, as no names were mentioned, and therefore, it was not easy
ag. al: at whom the' charge wax directed. The
enlya:i'
nameless inditiduals. As men of honour,
;Igreat say,
nusdirri
great
rberseeel
againsti.
tsi
thecitivilltillnearefilisttehamtlthoef tpitriettgot*tloVpitivnairtt°hnt
truth of these allegations, the petitiencrs had collie forward with
they were bound to speak plainly, end arty to whom they imputa-
tion applied. The arm timed by-the advice of his counsel,
therefore the counsel were involved in the imputation, if it
• t
