TI

11011 ItAILWATI.
Birmieghors sad Liverpool--. 60 i 11
niacE44.•irsova.
Anaerobes
• &Wok BA& and Patent Salt 50 0 5*
bilbe And Were Steam lOO 2
44eneral Steam Navigation
direst Wootreinster Dairy 2l 6 It dla
F•tarneral Dyeing and Printing
100 10
Paton Bricks
L. do la Plata Agricultural
Want India Company 100

-i4lil

:he

rritioit

Francisca. 'tr. Sates.

LONDON, SATURDAY. OCTOM 44, 1841.

the old adtice.
Qum Deus Vllit perdere, pries dernesnat.

rt 00•

DRURY-LANE THEATRE.
TRW Emoting. miTHRDA Y. OM. St will be performed
THE MERRY WIVES OF WINDSOR.
IHr Jobs tauter. Mr. Dowton limiter Slimier, Mr. Harley ; row,
Mr. Walls:M. Mrs. Ford. Mils Illrakbou.

•
Mewlll 4.
TUX TXXIIIMPICWS DAUOUTIR.
Nary. Mai Xitny.
COPENT'-GARDEN THEATRE.
Qs NLONLialfitarT win be parfunerd
• Allib lb, Mar Campbell. lir. ; Nisei Janie, Xr.
. larren. alum Timms. Wu Mrs.
. WM, XXXI (far is 111 IWO am °parade Drama. caned
LILL&
411larattiira illiamrs. ragman. Ongsr. Cairaer, Power,
Mosby, and MMOINWS I MeedliallMill Patio art Lem

HAYMARKF:T THEATRE.
Tits gysalag. %TURD %V. °mai, will be parforned
Tilt MUDDUNO DAY.
Sir Adana Contest. Mrs. W. Parma p Lady Contest, Madame Vestris.

After whirls.
THE MOUNTAINEERS.
O.•taviss. Mr. James Ming Ihls let appearance in London).
To eonrlude with Meter seed)
THE EPAULETTE.
The rrioelpea Characters kp Mr. Vining. Redeem Tear* Milldams,
T. Hill. A. Jeers, Clever. and P. tilorer.
ADEL PHI THEA7'RE STRAND.
Tare Evening. SATURDAY. October TB. nlll be presented the Conti*
Burtetta of
ILLIGRILIT O►. WINO CHARLES AT TUNBRIDGE WELLS.
The ►rlaelral Chemists bp Mown. T. P. Cooke. Yates. J. Hewn.
and TirrT7 t His, I. Brunton and Mrs. Vitawlillasu.
Alter wtieh the favourite Berle.ta of
THE al tRRIELI BACHELOR.
Mr Cherie. Coattail. Mr. Yates: Sharpe. Mr. Wrench Greer. Mrs.

To conclude with the BurMoque at
QUADRUPEDS!
Abratuunidas, sr. J. &NM Dorothea, Mrs.

The BRITISH PRES* GOlPsising ymteeday morn.
laff at holf-post flys o'clock.

Me Paris Papers of Monday and Tuesday arrived in

the course of yesterday. In a subsequent column we have
given some interesting extracts from them, relative to the
negotiation* which have been unsuccessfully opened with
the Court of Spsin for the recognition of the independence
of its late Colonies ou the Continent of America. Some of
the propositions were certainly of such a character, t:iat, if
the Spanish Government Ind acceded to them, the New
States would have rejected them with contemptuous itulig-
nat:vo. The infatuated Court of the Escurial, it appears,
baring been able at last to send off a miserable expedition
cf disaffected soldiery to the Havannah. in the plenitude
of its folly, now dreams only of the re-conquest of Mexico
and Colombia! Never did any Power more perfectly verify

Mr.lflusaisson has been admitted to a private audience
of the King of FIANCE, with whom he had the honour to
remair. in conference an hour and three quarters.

w. have received New Yeah and Borten papers to
the 44th ult. They bring no political intelligence of the
least importance fro© either the Northern or Southern
Continent of America. The dirpute between the (;e-
-viral Government of the United States and the Governor
of Georgia is suspended for the present, in consequence of
the promise of the latter that uu encroachments shall be

made on the lands of the Creeks, until the question re-
garding the late treaty can be submitted to the Congress,
which will mtet in December.
A letter in)one of the Batton papers, from Buenos Ayres,
dated July 18th, mentions, that the Government had pro-
posed to the Brazilian Commodore to send a Minister to
the Court of Braid to settle any differences that might
exiskbelsteen the two States, and that, in consequence, the
Brasilia* squadron had disappeared off Buenos Ayres, with
the eseepdon of a single frigate. It adds, that the patriot
Genergl, LAVALLEJA, had gained a victory over a party of
Brazilians from Rio Grande.
A New York paper gives the following account in ex-
planation of the re-commencement of hostilities between
t►e Castle and City of Vera Cruz :
It Ira be recolleetett;that the ship called the Victoria was pur-
dissea ly the Ilexienn einiwintent lately at London. brought
btu. Ikea set, manned nod yonekbpd to Vera Crse. Upon her
mind at that atty. oho. lry poetess Innoort. hoisted French co-
ts be.
upon

the Castle,-from "heice three guniinits were sent out to her aid,
one of which came along side, when the Victoria struck the French
and hoisted Mexican colours, and took one of the gun-boats, while
the other two escaped. The event was celebrated by salvos of ar-
tillery in the city, •hen immediately the Castle opened a fire upon
it, and at the sailing of the British schooner Renegade, was con-
tinued with energy.
Previous ro this, daily intercourse took place between the city
and castle, which was fully expected to lend to s surrender ; but
this late act seems to hare put an end to it. The castle is not in
want, as ham been represented, and a reinforcement was expected
from the lisvanrsah.

The following are further extracts :
[From the New rot k Advertiser of Sept. M.]
Nxw r 0111:. SEPT. 22.
Mr. Adams left Washiagton on Tuesday morning, on a visit to
hie father at Quincy, Massachusetts, accompanied by Mrs. Adams,
his Niece and son.

..._ .____ _........_..
The Spanish ship Asia, which was surrendered to the Mexicans
a few months since by the crew, is to be known hereafter by the
name of " El Congress filexicano." The crew ban medved from
the government the full amount of wat due to than ham lipain.
DISAPPEARANCE OF PIRATES.—Ie Nat West Jeans' gives
an account of the emplovms.st of the West India agendeen fee some
months past, to prove the justice of the report mit home by Corn.
Warrington, that if pirates still existed in thou saes, they bad con-
cealed themselves, and had not modem eaparso.
Tit t: U. S. Belo Seams.— to seders frau Commo-
dore Warrington, dated 311th Ape% the U. S. heft Spark,
Adis
under Lieutenant•Commaridant Ms . Newton, cruised her three
months no the south side of Cuba. Is sibs round the lipid, and
from Cape Antonio to the Ids of Row Lists. Main oak dili- 1
gent search after pirates, but within* iseeen. he Ma.
tansas Bay on the llth of Slay, he despatehellidi tottatnine
the island and all the adjacent Keys la ewe& ii" haunts ;
but after an absence of nine days, the without having
found any traces of auspicious ettablishments. Lieut. Newlin
then proceeded to St. J ago do Cuba, anchored there on the 7th of
Jens, rook in water and sailed thence to Trinidad, making strict
search with his boats ell along the main from Cape Cruz to Tri-
nidad. The Spark reached Trinidad on the 28th of June, where
her boats rejoiaed her, having found no persoos or haute which
could excite suspicion.
Tat UNITED STATES SIIIP JOHN ADAMS.—The John
Adams, under the command of Capeein J. J. Nicholson, examined
the mast of Cuba from Porto del Slariel to the Porto del Cattiness.
THR UNITED STATES STEAM GAI.I.IOT SEA 6 t; LL.--Lieu.
tenant Commandant J. ltl'Keever, having left _Lieut. Paine in
command of the Terrier, at Matanzas. to give convoys. he. sailed
with the Sea Gull on the 4.11 of February last, with the barge
Gallinipper in tow, as far to the eastward as Key Cruz del Padre.
Ordering Lieut. Cunningham to return to Slgnapa Bar with the
Sea Gull, Lieut. liPKeerer then manned the barge and gig, end
went with them to explore the river Palma, and the wholecoast,
to Point Yeaeot. Having performed this service without Railing
am objects of suspicion, Lieut. M'Keever rejoined the Sea Gull.
The Rio Palma haying frequently been sought for by our
squadron in vain, has been therefore more suspected than other
parts of the coast better known. At its mouth there is not more
than 12 or 15 inches water, but the mud is so soft, that boats of a
much greater draft may be forced through it. In the river the
depth of water is from 2..1, to 3 fathoms to the Embeeredere,
distant about six miles, and near its head where the greater breadth
does nut exceed 30 feet, the Mangrove and other trees, in many
Places, joining oven head.
From the end of February until June, Lieutenant 51`Keever was
employed ire a careful examination of the coast and keys between
Matanzas and San Juan de los Remedios, without meeting with
Of hearing of any thing piratical, or even suspected to be ao.
Much of this service was performed by Lieutenant Al`Keever in
the boats of the Sea Gull, which examined all the keys and coast
from Seguna la Grande to ban Juan de los Remedios. wherever it
was presumed that pirates might be lurking. On rejoining the
Sea Gull. the barges were again sent inside the quays, and down
to Cadiz Rev. and Padre del Cruz, which were examined ; the en.
trance of Rio Palma and Signspa Bay were again over-hauled, and
the barges returned to the Sea Gull at Key alma ; from whence,
at the close of the month, Lieutenant lil•Keever anchored at
Alston:as. During this cruise not a single trace of pirates was
discovered. The fiahermen were pursuing their occupations, and
several rafts of timber, the transportation of which had, heretofore,
been in a great measure suppressed, were fallen in with. The
haunts which had been destroyed during former visits from the
squadron, did not appear to have been since occupied.
The United States ship Homer, under command of Captain
E. P. Kennedy, was employed from Christmas until the month of
March last in searching the coast on the south side of Cuba. At
the river Cattalos was discovered coecealed an English or Arne.
rican boat, with the letters " P. R." on her stern. Four men were
afterwards discovered, who behaved so suspicously that several huts
belonging to them were destroyed. This is supposed to have been
the rendezvous of the gang which robbed the k rench ship Calypso.
The rivers (Went, Glum', de la Colonna and Diego, were ex.
'mined. They are all large, with narrow and hidden mouths,
where only a few variants were discovered, and a pesiegue made of
a log of mahogany, fifty feet long, was taken, the Crew escaping
on shore.
According tObingnatlenie hone Commodore Warrington, dated
sth of April, the Hornet went on a second cruise of three months
on the south side of Parte Rico and the Sail Rock Passage, but
fattnd no complaints or mites of pirates. Captain Kennedy was of
opinion that the decisive steps taken by the Governor of Porto
Rico have proved a complete check to the pirates.
UNITED STATES SCHOONER GI•MPUS.—IAMMOIMIII COM.
modove Moat, in the Grampus, captured the piratical vessel com-
manded by Cofrecinos, who, as our readers have already been
informed, sonic months since, swain on shore, and was afterwards
taken, and, with ten of his crew, put to death by the authorities of
Porto Rico. The Grampus was afterwards ordered to cruise be-
Cape Antonio and the Isle of Pines: she accordingly ex•
placed with her boats every part of the coast where there was a
probability of findings pirate, but without falling in with any sus-
picious object.
UNITED STATES SCHOON la TRIIIIIIR.—The Terrier, ender
Lieutenant J. S. Paine, commenced an examination of the
Double-headed shot keys, in the mouth of March last ; and re-
examined them in July, as well as the coast near Anguilla, but
without finding anything to creme suspicion.
In addition to the vessels we have anew:mated above, the frigate
ConateUation, Captain it'oolsey ; the ship Decoy, Lieutenant M.
P. Mix ; the schooner Shark, Captaio Gallagher ; and the sloop
Vagabond, Lieutenant Saunders, were also attached to this squa-
dron. Neither of these vessels, although they have been a great
pan of the season in the West India sem, met with, or heard of, a
single piratical vessel.
New Yong, SEPT. 19.
Great apprehensions have been entertained in various parts cf the
country, that the excessive heat, and the severity of the drought,
would in a great measure destroy the latter harvest. As far as we
have heard in almost every direction, the early crops of hay, wheat
rye, and oats have been abundant, and were all gathered in the
first condition. Having within a few weeks past travelled exten-
sively in the New England States, we liana been gratified to find
that the Indian oorn has been much less injured than was antici-
pated. In those parts of New Hampshire, alamachusetts, and
Connecticut, which fell within our observation, we are :unified that
there is a middling crop, and that there is no danger of a scarcity
of this very important grata in those States. Since the late rains
the grass has sprung up anew, and the meadows have the refresh.
ing appearance of the month of Slay. In many places the farmers
were mowing sod gathering the late crop of hay, and the quantity
was by no means inconsiderable. There is also a good supply of
late gram for feeding, so that the supplies of butter and cheese will
be essentially improved. The potatoes are generally Injured by,
the drought, and the quantity throughout the country will be am-
siderably less titan usual.
1

The English public will need no further evidence on
which to form their judgment of the BETHEL UNION
Society, than the repulsive exhibition which it made of
itself at its Sixth Anniversary Meeting en Thursday even-
ing. The assembly of Reverends seems not merely to have
thrown off the restraint of every thing solemn on the sub-
ject, but to have indulged in a license of ludicrous ex-
pression, which threw a ridicule on all that is sacred in the
Gospel to which they referred. By way of spurring the
tardy contributors to the Salvation Fund for Seamen, CAP-
TAIN ALLEN, an honorary Secretary, begins by bringing
out the Bethel Bud -et, Jrnd announcing the state of the
Exchequer. Under this head appearances *ere not at all
consolatory; not only is there no slot in Me locker, but
the Society, it seems, arc in debt to the amount of 4001;
We have an old English proverb which directs us to " be
just before you are generous." If the Committee of Supply
do not succeed in levying sufficient contributions, they
would do well to limit their operations to their Ways and
Means; better at once bring the floating chapels to an
anchor, than set the sad example to the faithful of living
on the harvest of the next year's sickle. But in order to
quicken the ardour of contribution, a most Sublime pedigree
was given of a sailor's descent ; they are among the
proudest branches, it seems, of the genealogical tree ; our
race has nothing higher in the way of heraldry to boast.
The following is the language in which a Reverend
Speaker at the meeting delivers himself on this subject:—
" It wa. much to be feared that the b. niporat welfare of seamen
was much neglected in this country, and if this be so, how much
more was their spiritual welfare forgotten. In this respect we
bad turned the world upside down ; the sailor having first brought
it tons, and yet we had hitherto withheld the benefits of it from
him, while weeding it IJ all other people. But blessed be God I we
had not quite forgotten then. Sailors had been the.Srat preadars of
the Gospel. PETER, ANDREW, hiNES and Joint, wire all

~~

~~'~~

and eaught Slim thousand at One

LAUGHTER and APPLAUSE ! ! Laughter ! at what
it shocks every rational man even to read ! inoleuse !
of language that we should not expect to hear, but
among the half- drunken crew of a Guinea-ship. And
yet these are the spititual SIMON Fouls who go about
whining and lamenting that nothing is done in England
for the souls of seri/ors—who affect to look down on the
Ministers of the Established Church as Gospel teachers—
and who are pleased to take the whole maritime world
into their holy keeping !
The following punchinello scene exhibited as arrant a
piece of mummery as ever disgraced the darkest age of su-
perstition :
" The Rev. 31r. SMITH now introduced a lad on the platform,
who had made a piece of mechanism, representing a sailer on deck,
with a flag in one hand, and the other resting on an anchor with his
hat in it. By dropping a shilling into the hat, it made the figure
give a most graceful bow. Upwards of 111. had been collected in
this way by the boy. for thebenefit of the society.
" The NOBLE CHAIRMAN expressed his thanks to the lad, and
hoped it might please God to prosper him, and inspire him with
an inclination to pursue the sonic zealous efforts in so pious a work.
(The boy bowed, and was cheered by the meeting as he left the
room to station his `grateful JACK' to receive the contributions
of the company."
And all this contemptible quackery is to form the under
plot to the salvation of Barron SLAM EN ! Is it credible
that such a deplorable fates should be acted at the City of
London Tavern in the oineteenth century ? If the fact
was not before our eyes, would it be believed that an
audience could be found, at this time o'day, weak enough
to be bubbled out of their money by such a low and pitiful
expedient as this, and that the blessing of COD should be
solemnly invoked on the youthful contriver of such foolery• ?
A very promising specimen this of what is to be expected
from the Bethel hierarchy !. A precious sample of the
congregation de propaganda fide to be established on the
banks of the Thames ! If these are the men that are to
turn our ships into contenticles, and to evangelize the Bri-
tish navy under the Bethel flag, it is not difficult to pre-
dict the re.:.ult of their labours. Under this pious teaming
of our fleets and armies, it requires no gift of prophecy to
foretel that their conquests will end with their Angersion.

These casual remarks' are drawn from us by the proceed-
ings and speeches of the anniversary meeting. We shall
enter fully into detail as we proceed with the subject.

CITY, FRIDAY EVENING.

Very heavy sales to place this morning in Consols.
As soon as the Stock Exchanges opened an eminent specu-
lator sold to a large Mount, which hail an immediate
effect in depressing the British Funds. The opening price
was 88i; but the subsequent operations brought them as
low as 871 1. A re-action afterwards occurred, and the
market closed at 881, alternately buyers and sellers; but
had by no means the appearance of firmness. To

account for this depression a rumour was set afloat, which
we could trace to no good authority, that an express had
arrived from Paris in the early part of the day, and the

communications that it brought were of that nature as in-
duced the speculator, to whom we have previously alluded,
to sell heavily ; but the causes to which wa yesterday ad.
verted operated, probably, more strongly on Consuls thin
any foreign intelligence, supposing a Paris express did
arrive.
The Foreign Market was very dull. A few bargains
were done in Greek Bonds at x 94 30 ; in Spanish Bonds at
171 I ; sad in Daniell ditto it 664 South Aineriean
Securities were without variation, if we except Guatemala
Scrip, which was a shade higher, si i discount. Brazilian
ditto was 8i 8 discount.
A few bargains were in the Anglo Mexican Shares
at 31%; and in the United MLzican Company's Shares
at 13 It.
The Mincing-lane Market continues under great depres-
sion. In partial instances holders of Sugar gave way, and
the consequence was a decline of full Is. per cwt. Good
ordinary Brazilian Coffee was sold at 555. per cwt., which
is a much lower quotation
_than that at which bargains
were some inquiries for
lion.
brought to market this morn-
same.

...c death of his Majesty the
Joseph. This Monarch wa
I instant. The Prince Royal
it to the Crown, is thirty-
-1 in ISIO a Princess of Saxe
King Joseph Maximilian
of a regiment of Alsace,
t by the name of Prince
which he had formed
proved beneficial to nntn.
4 in his states assistance

Prince Carignan is a._
`n Saturday last, on arri-
.
,ing entry house, at .... hotel in Paris, he was
found dead in his carriage. This I'rince, who was thirty-
six years of age, was son-in-law to the Duke of Van-
guyon, and cousin-german to the heir presumptive to
the crown of Sardinia.
The Memorial liortlelais contains the following extract
from a letter dated Rome, 28th September:—" The health
of his Holiness, the Pope Leo XII. giving rise to the most
lively apprehensions, public prayers have just been ordered
to be put up in every church in this capital, commencing
from to-morrow, the 29th September."
We have received Gibraltar Papers to the 26th ultimo.
They afford no information respecting the threat of war by
his Majesty of Morocco against all the European Conti-
nental Powers. The Hey of Tripoli is still reported to
have declared war against Sardinia; the accounts from
Tunis are of Sept. 4. Sidi Mustapha, the brother of the
Iley, is reported to be on the Algerine frontiers with
20,000 men, to collect the tithes on agricultural produce;
also to repress the excesses committed by the Arabs in that
vicinity. A great battle is reported to be fought, and that
Sidi Mustapha has been defeated. Two vessels belonging
to the Htetia.Coteel-Cteeminin, bone-arrived IfTurffs. Thr.

steam-vessel belonging to •the Company has put into Al-
giers in distress.
Extract of a letter from the Agent to Lloyd's at Genoa,
dated October 10:—" Advice' have arrived from Tri-
poli, that jhe Bashaw had promised the Consul that no
hostilities would be committed on his part, until the return
of an answer from this Government; it is therefore expected
that all differences will have been made up by this time in
an amicable manner, by the Sardinian squadron, which
were off' Tripoli."
The Russian Government, it would appear, from a pa-
ragraph in a late St. Patershurgh paper, watch with paternal
care over the conduct of the lords towards their vassals.
An order has recently been confirmed by the Emperor, by
which the entire property of Prince D • • °, situated in
various parts of the Empire, shall be placed under legal
guardianship, he having been convicted of too great se-
verity to his vassals; and he himatlf is to be for ever ba-
nished from the capital
The Allgemeine Zeihusf, received yesterday, contains
articles dated from Odessa and Trieste, giving accounts of
the discomfiture and retreat of Ibrahim Pacha to Nava-
rino ; but the Trieste article presents us with the lively
addition of the Turks having quarrelled with the Egyp-
tians, and of Ibrahim Pacha killing Hussein I3ey with a
pistol, and being, it is said, afterwards assassinated him-
self by the nephew of Hussein; but this, the writer adds,
with great candour, " seems fabulous."
Letters were yesterday received from Smyrna. by the way
of Marseilles, to the 16th ult. As they afford no de-
tails of the progress of affairs in the hforea, we may
fairly presume there were no prominent advantages gained
by the Turks.

'POETRY
•

WORCESTER BELLS.

In the days of Popery, bells, when consecrated, received
the mimes of particular saints ; but in later times they
have been differently appropriated. In Sr. HELEN a
church, at Worm EATER, there is a set of bells, cast in the
time of (21:CENT ANNE, which bear names and inscriptions
that record the victories gained during that reigi, as
follow :

1. 131.Errtitt sr.
First is my note, and Blenheim is my name ;
For Blenheim's story will be first in fame.
2. BARCELONA.
Let rue relate how Louis did bemoan
his grandson Philip's flight Iron Bareelon.
RAMILIES.
Deluged in blood, 1, Rantilieo, advance
Britannia's glorf on the fall of France.

51Exta.
Let Menin on ray sides ergraven be ;
And Flanders freed from (balk slavery.
5. TURIN.
When in harmonious peal I roundly go.
Think on Turin, and triumphs on the Po.
6. EUOINE.

With joy I hear illustrious Eugene's name ;
Fay'rite of fortune and the boast of fame.
P. Blantnonocnit.
But I, for pride, the greater Marlborough bear :
Terror of tyrant+, and the soul of war.
8. QuEsnr Axxr.
Th' immortal praises of Queen Anne I sound.
With union blest, and all these glories crown'd.
The inscriptions on these bells are all dated 1708, except
that on the seventh, which is dated 1 7 142.

FASHIONABLE IN'TELLIGENC'E.

The Earl and Courdeal of Surrey have arrived al their seat M'ork-
mop Al anora. Norte, from the Marquis of Stafford's, Trentham
Hall, Staffordshire. _ .

Lady Foley has arrived in town from her seat in Staffordshire.
Lord Melbourn has arrived in town from Earl Cowper's seat,
Pansanger, Herts.
_ . . . .

Lord end Lady Churchill left Richmond yesterday, for their seat
Wychwood Forrest, Oxfordshire.
The Earl of Dartmouth has arrived at his seat, Sandwell Hall,
Stalfordt.hire, from a toui.
T. Drake, Esq. M.P and Mrs. Drake have left town for their
sear Amersham, Bucks.
Lord Rivera has left town for his seat Hair Park, Newmarket.
Lord :dolyneux has arrived at Cmxteth Hall from a tour.
Lord Rocksavage has arrived at Cholmondeley Castle, Cheshire,
from a shooting excursion.
Arrivals at the Royal Hotel, St. James's-street.—Col. Pember-
ton, from his seat in Berle ; Thomas Parr. Esq. from Liverpool ;
Mr. and Mrs. Savage and family, Rom Tunbridge-wells ;
Grime, Esq. from Hants ; T. Champion, Esq. from his seat Hol-
lywood, Hants.

I)epirtures from the Londoa Hotel, Alhemarle-street.—:-:Hr. and
Mn.. Partridge and family, for their seat near Bath p Mr. airs. and
Alias Brown, for Bath. Arrival and Mrs. Brabant, Iron)
Scotland.

Arrival at the Bidlingtort Hotel, Old Burlington.sueet.—The
Marquis and Alarchinness of Hastings and fami'y, yesterday, from
their seat in Leicestershire.' Departures :—Capt. and Mrs. Os-
wald for Paris ; Cavendish, Esq, fur Cambridge.
Departures from the •Pulteney Hotel. Albemarle-stmt.—Mr.
and Mrs. Drummell, for their seat in Wilts ; T. B. Bligoni, Esq.
on a tour.

Departures from Lotufs II trel, Hontl-strect.—Copt. and Mrs.
Duncombe, for Plymouth ; William Hall, Esq. for Scotland ; J.
Chitty, Esq. for Newmarket ; William Holmes, Esq. for Cam.
bridge. _ _

Arrivals at Nerot's h otel, Cliffbrd.street :—Colnnel and Mrs.
Graham, and Ladle, • Mrs. Cholmler and the Misses Cholmley
His Excellency Mr. Chad. Departures :—C. E. M'ilsonn, Esq. and
Mrs. Wilsonn, for their seat, at Bognor; E. F. Dashwood, k.sq.;
W. H. Ueardon, Esq. for Dublin ; Lord and Lady Audley.

Lord Burghersit entertained the Duke of Cumberland at
dinner on Thursday. There was a select party to meet his
Royal Highness.
Mr. Secretary Canning left Downing-street, yesterday
morning, to return to Seaford, Mr. Elha's seat, in Sussex.
Mrs. Coitus and the Duke of St. Alban's have arrived at
the British Hotel, Edinburgh.
Mrs. Fitzherhert and Miss Smythe have left Chatsworth
for Swinnerton, Staffordshire, the seat of Thomas Fitzher-
bert, Esq.
Lord Exeter has added to the external splendour of his
mansion at Burghley, by covering the fanciful iron door at
the western entrance with burnished gold; and the north-
ern door is to receive the like decoration.—Stamford News.
The King of France has made Sir Thomas Lawrence
(who was sent by his Majesty to take his portrait) a pre-
sent of the most beautifill productions of the manufactory
of Sevre. These articles, by the beauty of the designs and
the richness of the colours, are calculated to impress
foreigners with the highest ideas of this superb royal eata-
blishtue•tt.
'We have much pleasure in stating that Mr. Sosne has
sent Mrs. Belzoni a present of 501., and trust that this
liberal example will be followed by other friends of per-
sonal merit and useful knowledge.
The large factory which is building by Mr. Farquhar,
in the neighbourhood of Hindon, and on the borders of the
park which surrounds Foothill Abbey, will be a source of
great advantage to the people and the shopkeepers in the
town of Hindon, from the immense number of persons who
will necessarily be employed in so extensive an establish-
ment.

The Count de Gervais, the confidential Secretary and
Counsellor of Alexander, Emperor of Russia, was lately
given over by his physicians, and in so debilitated a stave,
that he could not even walk across the room, nor digest his
fool, and had disturbed sleeps from spasms, but by inhal-
ing vital air, he was restored in six weeks to perfect
health.

Several specimens of the gold from Aruba have been ex-
hibited in London. We have seen several of them weigh-
ing from three to thirty-six ounces. The Dutch govern-
ment take up the discovery in a very serious point of view,
and a decree has been sent out to the Governor of Curacoa,
denouncing the penalty of death on any person found
on this small desert island, unless commissioned by the
Dutch Government. The gold we have seen is solid, and
nearly of standard fineness. As it has been found on the
surface, there are great doubts entertained respecting its
origin, whether it is the production of the island, or the
spoil of pirates, as Aruba has been always a rendezvous for
the most desperate freebooters and pirates. The specie is
now, however, to be. shipped direct to Holland.
Gems CERTIFICATES.—An article has appeared inmost
of the Irish newspapers, copied, we apprehend, from mosso
Englllfriper, stating, 'that by the Act of the .54th Geo.ll I.
cap.l4l, any person may aid or assist in killing game, pro-
vided it he done in the presence or company of a person
who shall duly have obtained a certificate in his own right.
This article bas caused a great deal of misunderstanding
amongst the sporting chimes in Ireland. We are therefore
authorized officially to set the public right upon this sub-
ject. The Act alluded to is one made to alter the English
Ex:ise Act, of the .521 George 111, cap. 93, which hail
subjected every pencil aiding and assisting in killing game
to the necessity of u'. raining a game certificate. The .51,th
Geo. 111, cap. 141, merely repeals the duty upon persons
aiding and assisting, provided it he done in the company
and for the use of a person who has obtained a certificate,
and uses his own dog and gun. But neither of the Acts
mentioned relate to Ireland. They are exclusively British
Excise Acts. In Ireland, under the SSth Gco. 111, cap.
100, every per.;on using a dog or gun fir killing game—no
Matter whether in the company of a licensed person or not,
it for his use or net—is sulject to a penalty of 20/. if he
has nut obtained a game certificate.—Dublin Evening
Mail.

The following extraordinary circumstance occurred at
Oundle on Monday se'nnight:—Between 8 and So o'clock
iu the evening, a 1-1 named Samuel Siamey took a horse
to a close near Ashton Areadow, and on his return was ..t-
-tacked by G difitkry,. which siwang upon him, threw him
down, and began to worry him Ma dreadful manner, mak-
ing at he same time a most hideous noise ; fortunately a
man who was returoittg from Polebrook, hearing the noise,
ran to the spot, and delivered the poor boy, from the mer-
ciless clutches of the lx ast, or there is every reason to ap-
prehend he would have been killed ; as it was, he was very
severely bitten.—Lincola MeretrrJ•.

PRICTS OF BRITISH STOCKS VOTE RDA 1.
Dank Stork 2231 Long Ana. 20i_ 1."0-10
3 pow eau. Red. 37 Mt India Stock 717
1 pet Ems Cone. 971 1 1 Dais nemie 11 13 pm
Dm* Acct. 671 1 f 5z.8i115,10.1.000/. 2 3 pas
31 paCeat, 94 i Ditto. 50111. 2 3 Rot
Pi, per Cent. Rod. 041 194 Ditto, Small 4 2 ren
Nay 4 per Cwt. 11101 ll- DS 'Lottery Tickets lE. Ifs.
- PICO MI et! 404111,1uN s l'ol:10. YESTLK 0,1 % ,
Dswallba Ikea, Mexican Bonds 10ii 1 1
illelakildsa Ike 76 Ditto Acct. 707 1 I
BOW Aosi. Dim, Bonds (1325) 161
/Mk Meek (MI 744 1 Ditto Scrip (182.5) 9 04 1.1 'Ws
Asia.74l f 1111 Data Acct. 9 fif 1 4 2 dui
iirlte:7l:s4* f!..itctarane,
per In
pi
s 1
Alloatiscillamiletuf.sti.lees44)4e4dif
DPPoenlitriUgsesocaLilpr:R:nadsiussadbitisl4l4
r:Za Mow 6 par Ct. 99(.7k. Ditto
4eciion3dls 1,11 •
• 4166.1111111 Ditto Book 08221100
BilllNllOst Mc. Ik. 20c. Russian Bonds (1922)921
Spani4h Coos. 171 1 1 4
Iheaths(artlipS) MI
Ditto
wie Acct.
m7lll i
. COURSE OF E CRANUE YESTXRDAI.
•allaes(erdasn... ...... C. F. II 3 I Leghorn 49
'Ditto at sighs
'Rotterdam) ....2 U. 13 4 Venice 27
Antwerp .ll 4 Malta 0
.lissallergh 21 U. 37 0 Naples. 401
.1254404.... ... 2l U. 37 I Palerttio per oi. 122
Irria, 3 day;* sigh i.. ~...24 NI Lisbon y..... 51
'lRtto.... 211. 21 SS Oporto
Illordeaux .............»....25 SS Rio Janeiro ~ 49
Bean 7 II ' Bahia. Si
Frank.on :gain Ex. 51.151 I Bun Apra 43 Bunk A
'Petershergb. rble. 3 Cs. tri Dublin S
V.osna.elhetleet. 2i31. 10 0 ) Cork 9
Trieste ditto 10 0 , atri.t.tos,rta oz.
Madrid. 17 .E. a. d.
I 'adix 3l Portugal Goldin coin 0 0 0
Mika 3111 Fortlign Oold in bars 317 II
• Ilarcekina. 31 New D0ub100n5........ 0 0 0
SP•AIk..... 361 New Dollars 0 4 111
'lliibraltar...... ........... ....31 Silver is bars, stand 0 $ 1
• PRICES OF SHARES YESTERDA I .
mums.
More. Paid. Premium prr Ware.
.Aagie.6leallwa • r• . LIM M 371
Aagle.atiliaa IN 11 1 oils
,Castello a Esphdialiaato Sn
ISO ail 100 1 91 1
. Utilise 5 i
.Cskarkwa lOO 5 13
44400441 Mining Ammonium.— IN 5 II
. Marks ... IN $ 1 dis
. oruzis.umenwyLa P. and Peruvian 30 ll 1 111 dim
& Brit.Min.A4 $ 4 l dis
l4)lllllFaiiiwit l7e I 41
Tliepasalma.._...•... 4OO 20 01
raises Mealcao ....... 40 20 1
Diem Now. .... 4O II 14 131 14 1
, Wele6 Ina and Coal. 26 15 3 dim.
AIIIIIMANCI CCMT•II,I2I.
Allis**, Ikidsltand Foreign... 100 10
. DIM Marine lOO 5 i
Protease rho ft 1 1 414

chased by the Mexican thastarnatent lately at London. brew
►ere. Bud out, manned sad proceeded to Vera QV& Upon
arrival as that city, she, by proviaus concert. hoisted French
Wan, seals shun attack was clads upon her by soma boats
aanstag SO the Maxims. which she brat of and bola down ui
4

THE BRITISH PRESS.
dor,. Jssys CHRIST was food of/le/deg few men, and arta
e HOLTGHOST had come, PETER came with his DRAG-WET,

were made a month since. There v
Leeward Island Rums at Ss. per gall
A fair supply of Grain was brougl
ng, and the prices continued the sat
- -- -
The Paris Papers annOunce the de
Rill of Bavaria, Maximilian Josepl
Belted by apoplexy on the 13th instal
(Charles Louis Augustus), heir to
nine years of age. He married in I
Hildeburghausen. The late Kim
before the revolution, Colonel a
in . vice of France, and went
Mi •n. The connexions w
durilts.bis residence in France pro
bers Of emigrant officers, who found
and protection. The death of Pr
announced in the same papers. On
ring from his country house, at his
