•

of the affrirs intrusted to their surerintendsnee. Tie
could nut of cower, at the present moment. rester
into any details respecting their ultimate course of
proceeding.
Mr. Trusty by no means wished to confioe the
Bank to any psi ticular or 'loci! • course of pro-
ceeding iu the management of their business—all
he wanted to raorce was, the necessity of the
Bank restricting its iaues ou the re-payment of
this 1113011 Cy. precisely iu the some proportion they
would do if the Restrit•tioo Act were now to cruse.
On the repayment of the money borrowed, the
Bank would have at once an opportunity, '(lf re-
stricting its issles.; but how the 3,009,0001. was
to be repaid he was hit a loss to know. It war moat
singular that not the smallest notice to this effect
had been given in Parliament. Where was the
money to come from
Mr. Lunti GTO N replied, that all he could say
in the absence of his Right lion. Friend was. that
the matter was now under negociation between the
Bank and the Government.

Lord Foutirroia apprehended that the three
mdlioiu loan was given by the Bank to.the public
Tree of interest, isi consideration of the large public
sums which were left floating in the hands df the
Baisk. Now, if this loan were to be repaid, he de-
sired to know whether the public were to Ikeive
any consideration fur the use of the floatiisg sums
which the Bank held ? lie knew that these were
not now as great as iu time of war, but, neverthe-
less, he believed them to be considerable, and lush
as entitled the public to some equivalent considers.
tion. He fully concurred in the opinions of the
Hon. Gentleman opposite (Mr. Finlay), that while
the Bank professed the utmost kixiety to resistor
tied, paymeattv, it still adhered to a course which
must render that resumption inspractseahle.
The Bill was then read the third time, and prised.

\

motion, or o.t..ieri he had given notice, for a reppal •
of the Sepie iiiii al Act, requerted the indulgence ;
the House while he dated his views on a esiiieet 4.1 •
such magnitude. Ile had 'sever befune we-united
to bring forward a measure of so great anuortaiier ;
the elate of his health was such 411 to prevent has
from entering at length into tt ; but notwithstana-
mg he was forced to proceed, with it Irons the lames
ties, of the Seissiois. lisdeta the general sullied luf
Parliainentary Reform had been so fully ilia ably
discuserd In venous places, on v .sou. 04-c‘osions
that were be in a cuoulition so to do, is would he un-
necessary for him to trice up tile time of the House
by a minor exanitiestion of it. An optlisois lur.l
ouhsisted among the ;wink sine Fungi/K:3 for a long
time that some reforms, was ste'Ceskisry for the Fellow..
tints of the Coustitution generally, and in paiticti-
ler for reoffering this Muse more iii reality what ;t
was called, the Curnittuo House nj Parliament.
This opiiiioo had been acted 11's nut of doors, duel
hall pi oduced multitudes of petitions to the Movie,
during a great 'mintier of pais. In the house,
too, the cause of reform had been more thail
warmly taken up and supported by permit's of eely
great abilities, and of the iiiii st :mumd constitia iiiii al
views. subsequently, however, it hall suffered
great injury from the defection of one who, from
being its strongest supporter, became 11. mist
bitter amid inveterate eneiny.—(We believe the
Hon. Member alluded to Air. Pitt )—But the
cause had suffered most f the istflurnce of the
French Revolutioii—an event which, by its re-
action, had driven the nations of Europe back ern-
lurk, in principles of government, and winch first
turned the views of the iwople from their governors
to themselves, end led to 410111 A tile propriety
of their exercising those rights they had never
abused. 'llse anxiety for reform, however, hut
been reviving, whets it was again brought into ilia-
credit by the insane zeal of
who had engaged in it, anal by those !dins which
had been so unreasonably exaggerated.—(Hear.)—
He believed, however, that these ohliweie., winsl,l
not long remain. He was aware that some of their
m iiiiii unition was left in the ministrant chest, but
so much wetted, that it would not serve for all ex 111
-
plo • .—(llear, hear, and a laugh. )—The grouoils
of the measure of reform were out light. Many
persons who had petitioned the Home mi the sub-
ject, had offered to prove the truth of their allege.
nouns; but the House had never skews; a die:posi-
t to put them to the proof. The passing of the
Grenville Act was an acknowledgment that that
House was too corrupt to form a decision on its
own deputed electrons, and was obliged to refer it
to it leiect. body. At that time the language of re-
form was held by Mr. Rigby, Mr. Dyson, and Lord
North. When any thing 111 the shape of reluruut
was proposed on hiss side of the House, it was met
by objections of various kinds. A standing one,
dirt would serve against ally useful change on any
subject, was, that the time was unfit. Lit pros-
perity, reform was unnecessary; in a time of dais-
ger, onside. But his opinion was, that any time
was fit for so vital an improveibeist. Again, it was
objected, that petitioners had object* ulterior to
what they exposed—he believed, without any rea-
son. The friends of the measure, moreover, were
taunted with the variety of their views, but this
very circumstance, the difficulty of egrering on any
specific plan, elsewed their sincerity.---(Herse.)—lf
reform wan only tilted as a cotter, any plait would
be good ght by which to attack the fortress of
the constnution. Another objection was, that the
constitution was already perfect, and ought not to
be altered ; but it haul not been forged its any con-
stitution-shop, from nitwits the Abbl6 Steyr% It
had been formed by gradual improvements. and
adapted to different times-its great advantage
that at times it had been so well balanced, that
the leading parts were obliged to consult the good
or the whole. Undoubtedly the grand objection to
it was the example of the French Revolution. But
if Gentlemen sepal(' examine the climes of that Rea
volution, they would dud nu affinity in them to any
thing in this country. The first of these was the
total incapacity of the French people at the time to
entertain any rational views on goVeroment. The
second, the boundless extravagance of the French
Coveriimeist--no Ministry could satisfy their
wants, and no Ministry would be kept in that
would not.—(Hear, hear, hear.) —The third was
the personal character of the Duke of Orleans,
justly named the n iiiii strolls Egultte, who ilium-
pitted sit immense revenue in the pursuit mot
purchase of every thing profligate. Grialenseis
ought to study the character of the people of Log-
land, before they itnputed revolutionary object. to
them, In all their efforts at a 'change its the
'eminent, they had never *hewn an iitchisistious to •
anarchy—they had always rather stopped short of
what they set out for. EVES' in the civil warm she
reign of Charles I. though mach [Assisi had beets '
spilt in the brut of party spirit, still much moder-
ati bad beets observed—end the King would
never have perished, had not a persuasion bee., gener-
ally imbibed, that nu party could trust him. That
Revolution to which we owed the firm establishment
of our rights, and the mild reign of the House of
Brunswick, had been conducted throughout
the greatest discretion and forbearance. Gentle-
men opposite were willing enough to allow ene
change in the constitution, calculated to retrial
their own power; but always opposed ally to en..
large the privileges of the ;people. Constant
changes in the constitution were surcessary—it was
absurd to say, the that House should sit six
months in every year, but never venture miss :111 al-
teration in it. If it was never altered, time would
work its ruin. All thing* were sitioject Its change,
except the guest principlee of morality, lie really
believed that corruption eras one of the greatest ob.
stacles in the way of reform. lie would mention
one very realm kable firer, out the general question
of reform—it *hewed the opinion of r person well
understanding the subject. /11111 klIOWIllg what
would serve her own interest. He alluded to the
Empress Catherine, oho told the people of Poland
they should have no rerun's its their frame of go-
vernment. The change lie was 0111110111 10 curet,
did 1114 bring in as trails any other—it was single
and unconnected with any other, unit it would be
productive of the greatest benefits to the evuoutry.
It was anit sieces.Lary to go into the pletated
question, whether l'arleaments wereonginally annual
by haw—froisu smite cause they certainly were annual.
Ile duel not ask that, however, now; lie believed
such enactment would not now be beneficial. Ar-
ttmirdio they Caine to be undefiued tit thu it tiara-

N ik,.

"

and of an ixcersive cont:nitance, +rich main the
nose of Queen Nlary. It loot in ell 'WIWI A-Mutely
necessary to pr. vent that; for (I;lleCt4 me at leogi,i
the Members of the Willie of Coolinoli. might 1.,.te
ut ode theinselveli lenatort for Illy. The people,
however, had been olbligtil to leave to l'arliairsetit
the power of legi.latilig to secure their rights.
Legislature hid clone 50-1101 hastily. It was trot
till ilk years after the Revoluttim that the Trieimia
Act had been pissed, after the greatest delibtratioh.
Hl,* that ativantage had hero lost in 1715, Wlito well
known. A civil war at that time raged ; the
vier aaaaa snit were afraid to trust the House with the
elechors, and therefore they had the existence of
the Parliament prolonged for seven years. to his
opluwu the measure was indiscreet and unjust.--
It was mill that what was done had been just fled
by necessity, and that that Act rather shortened
than prolonged the duration of Parliaments—and
lie would allow that it hail shortened the term of
them before the Triennial Act. The opponents
had said, that if Triennial Parliaments were re-
roared, the first year would be 'petit om decattig
emitemed elrelions. That otriectioii, however, lot l
been entirely removed by the Granville
Again, they spoke of the great expttoe I.f clrc~
turns—lint it was easy for the House to compel •
dimmed iiiii of it, by a parliamentary enactment.
A. I.r public opinion, lie ist.o4lld hart the iiierease
of its power with gladness. Another argument
that had the greatest possible weight in &term**.
log whether they should give the people Triennial
Parliaments, was, that they had a right to thew—
they lead beets robbed of theta by that House. If
the danger of revolution was to he caret, it ought
to have been met by a temporary, and nut a
permanent measure; but the scent was, the 51i-
'miters of the day %waived to strengtheu the baud.
of the Gower►iiiii tut. and they could not so well
do it 111 ally other way. The benefit. :Mewl-
ing the measure had long struck him. Ile
had the misfortune to be very often in iii
tie. ill that House, hot in the course of this and
the last Session lie hail frequently seen at Ins
iode faces so strange to him, that lie sometimes
feared h.- had made 14 fatal ulna:lke ill chorriong hot
Hr knew that •the Member. of that
ways awed arid ga e their votes from motives of de-
termined integrity, hut he war compelled to de-
clare, that he had in-numerous instinic.s seen tlwm
take the side towards the end of Parliament, con-
trary to what they had 81 the begitmostK.--Notlinig
brtier skewed how oillniary the elimoge he was re-
commending would be. No liaahutorrit could pos.
wkly. hare /4 right to lengtheis the time of its O*l4
delegation - the 'sower they might exercise, hot the
exercise wall contrary to equity. The Hun. Mem-
her then ed, that leave In- given to bring in a
Bill to repeal the Act 2 Geo. H. c. 8. for Septet-
mat Parliaments.

The Question having been pot, the gallery was
about to be cleared for a division, when
Sir S. Rout ttir said, lw was unwilling to suffer
SO importatit a question to puss within). Si1)111g
few words ou it. lie could have 110 doubt that the
measure proposed would be of material advantage
to the coutitry ; not apprehending Hoy of the evils
boded from it, and expecting great lwitetits, be
entirely concurred in the motion. Without auj
desire to enter
former occasions so fully discussed, he would notice
one argument used against Triennial Parltaments.
lie braid It had been the of of Mr. Burke.
that so frequent a renewal of Parliaments would
confer additional influence on the Gown, by the
recurrence of elections, in which they would he
sure to nave the advantage. Ilia answer to it wool(' be.
experience. lit the present reign Ministers had nut
been distinguished by any disposition to yield any
thing of the prerogatives or power of the Crown ;
yet out of but eleven Parhamettra in that reign,
right had sat for six years : from that he inferred
what an atidiliori long Parliaments made to the Re-
gal Power. Dill tiny one suppose, that in the neat
Parliament such a disposition would be launii as
bad moist rested Itlitll. this Session, either in Msatim
to consult the wl.hes of the public, or its
tees to tend to them ? Then they would have the
oinfortable prospect of nut meeting their curio'.
tarots for a long period.

Mr. W. SNIIIIH agreett with every thihg ad-
vanced by the Itt.t speaker, anti almost every thing
that fell t the former (Sir R. I-iertm). The
passim; ist the Septennial Act was one of flit.
flagitious clio.ta of public trust ever committed.
The measure was Otto perhaps livers..4ly, but ref.
t+lllll. lint so move. lie wisliest to e 4,1
111110 Nd on public right 1111.trked by an eXprrii- 111 l nt
public rrpn,hatmn, aiitt would suppi.rt

•
Air. llitioutatxm entirely emulator-it in the ion..
lion—hilt lie souitt ma ilo his duty, it ise slid 11.4
express his opinion on what lia.l torero 111111Wil nut by
ins floss. Mnrud (Nfr. W. Sandi) and the GI-tale-
nt/to who opened the debate. They hail tl i ght
proper to animadvert in very strong laagnage
oil the conduct and character of the Parliament
that pas•eil the. Septe.morol Act; hut the fact was,
that that Parliament had saved the country Irma
Popery ai,d arbitrary Government. Ifia 11111 l ur-
iilite Fiiend hood Pattli. 1110 a Parliathrat chase!'
itself for three years, had no right to extend
the period of its opi fed existence...abut if this
were admitted, the vainlity of minty ether powers exs
rreised by Pailitiment might lie ceseitestrd —nosily
powers that 'lever had rotated into the heads of the
electors. Out this ground the legality of the ',Micro
with Scotland Wight he culled in question. The
two Partirtueuts had bees chosen tic their
tarsus ; the our as NIP English, the other ie. a Scion, .e
Parliament; yet they incorporated di -opelve,r, onl
formed out of tooth s Phitish Pa
same might he said of the Ultimo with I eland. II
would not attempt yodel. roil re whether allowoog
11011/41.1te to 6111.1/Pre SIP long the aice,,stlm that V,..ivr
it birth Wai not wrong ; his vote, however, swill
stirs, the he ll:fought it so.
The lionise then divided on Cie motion, when
there sPl.est tit
Noes
A)es

Majority against the Motion.
Tile A ITOlth Llf-GEN ERA I. iinnta 1“r itore to
bring in N litll for the a rflectivil preserv.itioli
of the peace by weevil aura word.—Agreeti to.

NAVY PRIZE-MON LY.
Mr. LONG OlowtO lur Ituvr to lotog m a Bill
f.r tllr resesuiNtiosi of Navy Ilruze—tuutiet
tßtu, titol to author:se the Tr( ti3oter uf

Fleapits) to pay the Russian Amlntustior money to
the toe of Hessian Seamen.

Lord CAIITLUIRAGE moved the order of the day
for the Flouse resolving itself into a Committee oil
the Aliens Regulation Bill.
The question 011 the moth% having been put—
Mr. HEWN ET? said, he was much surprised, that,
on the second reading of the Bill, (the principle of
the measure being then under discussion), not one
of his Majesty's Ministers, not one of the Law Offi-
cers of the Crown, had offered their sentiments on
it. This was the more extraordinary, since three
speeches were made on that occasion, which cer.
tainly deserved an answer. It was said that Minis.
tell had not abused the powers which they derived
under this Act. But that was not the point at issue.
The question was, how many individuals were pre-
vented from coming into this country, in conse-
quence of these severe regulations?—(Hear.)—
It was well known that no person, who applied to
our agents abroad for passports to enter this coun-
try, received them, unless they, in the first instance,
procured passports from their own Governments.
The persons who were thus supported, were sure
of a favourable reception, iu England—and, there-
fore, it was a folly to talk of the forbearance of
Government, in the administration of their powers
under this Act. He understood that the custom
was, before foreigners applied for passports from
our Ministers abroad, to inquire and learn how
they were likely to Ise received here. For this put.
pose, a Board of Inquiry was, he believed, insti-
tuted in London—before whom the character of
those foreigners was canvassed. Now, lie should
be glad to know, who was at the head of this
Board ? Was it a Noble Lord (Sidinouth) who
had described his spy, Mr. Oliver, as a must in-
jured man ? That Noble Lord had listened to,
and was duped by, the statements of Oliver—and
he must contend, that the tam so duped was the
person least fitted to fill the situation of a Judge
on these occasions. They were told, that the mina
reasons which called for the adoption, originally, of
this measure, still existed. But what comparison
could be made between the stormy period of the
French Revolution, and the present hour ? They
were totally distinct and different--and, on
such a foundation, the renewal of this measure
could not rest. England, once hailed as the
asylum of the oppressed, had lost that high
and honourable character, in consequence of the
frequent adoption of this measure. He believed
that this Bill formed a port of the compact which
had heels entered into by the Potentates of Europe,
when they entered into what was denominated (how
properly posterity would judge) ss the Holy Al-
liatice"—and he had no doubt, that any foreign
Minister might now apply at the Foreign-office, for"
the execution of this Act, in soy particular case,
and claim its exercise, under the terms of that
agreement. To prove that the powers granted
under the Alien Bill had not been fairly used, he
adverted to the case of Mons. Befort, who, after
a residence of some time in England, had been
abruptly ordered to quit the country, though he
was ignorant of having in any degree infringed the
law, or made himself obnoxious to the Govern.
raw. As an English Gentleman, anxious fur the
honour of his country, lie delivered those senti-
ments—and lie hoped that the feeling which ac.
tooted I • would influence every independent
man in the Haase to oppose the measures
Mr. Ertisom supported the Bill. He conceived
that the arguments of the lionourable Gentleman
who had just spoke were favourable to the continu.
ance of the sneusure. The Noble Lord at the
heed of the Foreign Department (whose conduct
in closing one of the most dreadful struggles that
ever convulsed Europe, iti a manner highly honour.
able to this emintry, deserved the thanks, not the
censure of the Honourable Gentleman) was perfectly
justified in calling for this measure. It was nem-
wiry that this country should not be overflowed
with malcontents from other States. To prevent
that, the preseut measure was called for. It had
heretofore been most cautiously used—and he
should, ou every principle of policy, most heartily
support its continuance.
Mr. BATHURST contemled that the measure was
weenie!. in order to prevent the congregation, in
F.iigland, of those individuals to whom the French
Revolution was attributable. He had no objection
to peaceful sod honest artisans settling in England
—but those who opposed the Bill did not lament
the fate of persons of that description—all their
complaints had reference to political characters.
Now. he ask, whether the powers granted
under this Bill bed been used to an extent oppres-
sive to individuals, or indicative of a wish on the
part of Goveroment to exercise an improper stretch
of authority ? He denied that they had—and the
tact was apparent from the very few persons who
were sent abroad, under the provisions of the Bill.
But it was said, ,t We are not to look to the per.
sons sent out of the country, in consequence of the
but to the numbers who are prevented
from
fair way of considering the Bill—because it was
well known that its great object was to pre-
vent the coming into England of any persons,
except the honest anti industrious. He would
nut enter into the minutia to which the Honour-
able Member had applied himself ; lie would not
advert to the history of Mr. Oliver, nor of any
other individual to whom the Hon. Gentleman had
But shim he would state. that no info..
mat 00000 coming from such sources as he had men-
-00.441, had been acted on at the Alien-office.--
With respect to M. Befort, to whose caw the Hun.
tletailesisais had particularly adverted. Ile had only
to wi:seive, that, after he hail resided here. for some
liaise., cirt•iitsi.tailivs were discovered. which proved
huts to he a suspicious char..cter, and therefore,
out tit to reinein in England. On searching his
troller.. part of a correspondence was hiund which
'deafly tuoved law to be unworthy of an 'asylum
here. la einielu,oun, the Right lion. Gentleman
uleierved, that, until the feeling to which the
reocli Rend no sou had given rise were wholly oblite.
rated, it was necessary that Govertornent should hare
twine driver iii control over the residence of to.
trivet. in this cottony.
Mr. LYTTILL row was not at all satisfied with the
explanitin.l which the Right Iliitiouratile Geo.
tleinan hanks gown ms to the eivo. 01' Moos. Befort.
Ile believed in that instance Gower 00000 eta hail act.
ea most indiscreetly. Li the 1461 law "1".
out

.
more than ilx or seven foNigners were sent ant of
the country, which proved pretty clearly, that no
great danger could fairly be apprehended front the
introduction of such persons amongst us, and that
Ministers acted rather from assumption, than front
any just and correct view. when they had recourse
to such a measure. Tu him it appeared. that, to
give an authority of this nature to Ministers, all
authority that might be exercised against twenty-
two or twenty-three thousand persons, oar a diseipli e
of slavery to which no body of freemen ought to
submit. He had heard nothing to shake his opinion
as to the arbitrary nature of the Bill—and, there-
fore, he should oppose it in every stage.
Mr. BATHURST explained.
Sir S. RoMILLY was slot surprised at the silence
of Gentlemen ou the other side of the House. They
well knew that their strength consisted. not in ar-
eminent, but to the number of their votes—and they
therefore, perhaps wisely. abstained from stating
their opinions. He could assure the House, that,
having before delivered his sentimeute on this ques-
tion. he should not trespass long on their anemias).
But he hoped the House would bear with him,
while lie made a few observations in support of those
who had uo representatives in Perlianierit.—(Hear,
heir.)—lt was *rid, that this measure was intended
to prevent dangerous person. from coming into
England—but that was only a part of the question.
The measure related also to those who had long
settled •amongst us—and a power of this kind,
which delegated en authority over them. he never
could allow to be placed in the hands of any set of
tees. The coerce which Ministers intended to pins
sue was evident. They would suffer the measure
to pass, unnoticed, to go by without observation.
He believed they were the only set of individuals
who could remain silent on important occasions.
No other body would have suffered such a motion
es that brought forward by en Hon. Baronet (Sir
R. Heron) to go to a vote without offering even a
solitary remark on it.—(Hear, hear.)—let arguing
the propriety of originally introducing this measure,
it was said, that it was not brought forward in
consequence of the interference of any foreign
Government—but, when the details were en-
tered into, it was most evident that such in-
terference had been used, and had been acted
on. It appeared, that, in fact, lint the safety of
England. but the safety of foreign countries, was
the object sought to be attained. It was most clear,
that, while this system was tolerated, Ministers
must have recourse to private information. They
must proceed on the same principle which charac-
terised the Spanish Inquisition. where an indivi-
vidual was asked, Had he, in the course of his
life, done any thing contrary to the Catholic faith ?"
In like manner, questions derived from a secret
source, were put to aliens, and the more atrocious
the charges made against them were, the less ca-
pable were they of giving a satisfactory answer,
since they were quite unprepared to meet the ac-
cusation. But they were told, as a reason for
supposing that these powers were not abused, that,
for the last 45 years, a great degree of hospitality
was shewn to emigrants who came to this country.
Now. he contended, that a greeter degree of hoopla
Uhl was sheens in the time of James 1.. Charles 1,
and in the latter pert of the reign of Charles 11.
In that period, when individuals came from the
Continent to this country, on account of oppres-
sion, they did not seek a refuge under the protec-
tion of the Monarch, but they sought security in
the sanctuary of a free Constitution. With re-
spect to M. Befort, he could not conceive what
right his Majesty's Ministers had, when that indi-
vidual was leaving the country, to search his pro-
perty----
hlr. BATHURST here interrupted the Learned
Gentleman, and observed, that M. Befort had
attempted to smuggle a quantity of English coin
out of this realm—and, in searching for it, the do-
cuments alluded to were discovered.
Sir S. ROMILLY continued. He considered this
measure, in every respect, cruel and oppressive.
It gave Ministers en opportunity of driving from
Great Britain, those persons who might have. by
every memo in their power. opposed the designs of
Bonaparte—hut who. disgusted perhaps with re-
cent measures, might wish to leave their native soil.
The House was principally called on to agree to
this Bill, on account of the hands in which the
authority granted by it was placed. lie meant not
to say my thing offensive—but he would declare
his belief that the power could not be placed in
ssone hands. He 'relieved the Noble Lord at the
head of the Home Department was, in private, a
very honourable character—but. looking to his
general conduct, since he bait come into office. he
conceived that so great a power ought not to be
placed at his disposal.
Mr. Serjeant COPLEY observed. that although
little had been offered, from that side of the House,
in support of the measure, it appeared to him, that
what was stated had infinitely more of reason and
of argument, than what had been advanced against
the Bill by Getit!emeri opposite. The measure
was opposed on two grounds: first, as being con.
teary to domestic policy--and !wet, se granting au
unconstitutional degree of power. It was said, that
the Crovoi had no right, of its own authority, to
remove aliens from this country. If this were the
fact—and if a measure of this nature were not
agreed to—ill what situation would they be placed ?
The'door would be opened for the admittance into
England of the malcontents of every country—
without an opportunity of bring afforded of re-
moving them. The state of mord of the parties to
whom the provisions of this Bill were applicable,
was a consideration of pertains. importance. They
were in a state of the greatest possible irritation
against this country, which, under Providence,
had been the ultimo of defeating their baneful pro-
jects against the peace of mankind; nursed in
revolutionary principles from early life, their ma-
tured vigour had exerted itself in overturning
all that had previously bees. considered virtuous,
praiseworthy, or ascreil.—(Neer.)—lieuce it was
matter of aoleann import to the liberty, morals, and
religion of this country, that the Bill should be di-
rected to all the circnmstasicea of the actually exist-
ing state of the country. It behoved the Legislature
to provide that the seeds of discontent and sedition
should not be introduced into this country by the
agericy of persons avowedly the viewer of reveal-
ed religion, mid the agents of immorality and
revolution—Olean)—more especially, when the
House had not herituted to circumscribe the !sheet),
of the Prove subjects of the realm at home fur the

public ltnefit, when c:r"r;iimahinces iiita lately ren-
dered it expedient. Who then *mild be adven.
turous enough in spirit to leave open a door. where-
by the public peace might hr equally as effectually
jimmies! through the aides of foreign roilistries ?
The Gentlemen opposite hail alleged all the fears
entertained on the heed of this danger were
chimerical; yet, iii 1816, previously to the eirpe-
nence we had lately had of the existence of revo-
lutionary setitiinents amongst the labouring and
manufacturing classes, the same Bill had received
the tacit support of dime Honourable and L-arned
The events which had sister occurred,
had proved the wisdom of those whir had theft ad-
vised the measure. These were the tonne party,
who, iii 1793. had reprobated the introdisetson of
this illtfenrive system against the iiitioductiois of
alien compirators sod foreign tressam. Who, upon
a review of the events subsequent to the passing of
the Act at that period, would assert that the pro-
moters of the Bill were bad counsellors, or false
torupliets?-11/ear, Istory—or who, in the posses.
riots of his calm faculties, would, under the etre -
stance', on mature cousideration, drsmouiue the
Bill, as it had been denounced most intrinsic bv
some who ought to know better, as a departure
front the Constitution of the country, and sit abait.
dossing of the ancient and most valuable principles
of British policy ? The constitutional prerogative
of the Sovereign entitled the Crown to send sus..
{teeter! aliens out of the country. This had been
proved in the case of the Breton., The precedent
thatreced such
essito.f
the conduct of the Crown in 1685. sheaved
a power had been vested in the Sovereign by the
Constitution, whatever might be the part the reign-
ing Monarch chose on that occaaion to act with re-
spect to the Protestants exiled from France about
that period. If the !louse wished to ascertain at
how early a period this prerogative had been acted
upon, he would refer them so far back as the
time of Henry IV. of Esighoid, when a requi.
sition was made out by royal authority, requiring
the keepers of the passages of the kingdom to
certify to the Government the news, descrip-
tions, &c. of aliens coining to this country, such
aliens to he subject to the approbation or re-
jection of the Executive. The conduct of Queen
Elizabeth with respect to aliens, and even the
Scotch, who were then considered liable to be
treated at aliens, was bottomed on the idea that
this power of sending suspected persons of other
states out of her dominions, formed part of her
royal prerogative, and the experience ulone of the
years 1581. 1574, and 1573. might prove that it
was a right vested of necessity in the state. But if
vested in the state, he would ask iu which branch
of the state ought it to be vested ? Certainly not in
Parliament ; for its exercise might be required dur-
ing the recess or prorogation of Parliament. It was
therefore indispensably vested in the Executive, in
the same manner as the sovereign power dispensed to
aliens letters of safe conduct and licenses for resi-
dence within the realm. The principal object of the
Bill was to obviate the delay and difficulty of proceed.
ing by indictment against aliens, under the common
law. The alien, on arriving in this country. had
only to sign a certificate, which no well-meaning
foreigner could have any objection to do, and lie
would, of course, be permitted to go through the
whole country. But no person, except an alien,
could be sent out of the country by this Act, be-
cause he, on making an affidavit, would be, of course,
entitled to his habeas corpus. and thus might prove
that he was not liable to the provisions of the Act.
The Hon. and Learned Member concluded a most
learned and argumentative speech, by entreating
the House to consider if we were in that situation
which would warrant the House to throw off all
the guards and securities which successive Parlia-
ments had, under similar circumstances, consi-
dered expedient for the safety of these realms.—
( Considerable applause for some hate.)
Sir JAMES MACKINTosII. although pleased by
the manner, and interested by the display of talents
so promising on the part of the Honourable and
Learned Gentleman, still found it necessary to en-
ter his protest 'pima the doctrines and principles
promulgated by that Hon. and Learned Member
this evening. That Learned Member bad endea-
voured to establish the prerogative, by taking ex-
ceptions against the arguments used lay those who
denied the existence of such legal prerogative, for-
getting that it became those who argued for the
exercise of the prerogative to prove previously its
existence—otherwise these who objected to it were
entitled to be silent on the subject. The Ho-
nourable and Learned Gentleman had argued as if
it were a most undoubted fact that the prerogative
existed, and quoted in its support the fact of an
expulsion front this country of ass alien 400 years
ago—forgetting that there existed at that period a
system of eillaintige, the writ de heretic° coming-
rend°, &c. In fact, lie might as well have said
there existed at this period a power in the Crown to
exile and expel a natural-born subject, fur so, in
point of fact, there did.—(llear.)—The case of
the Scotch, who had been expelled, proved nothing,
because the Scotch then supported the pretensions
of another heir (Queen Mary, then its confinement)
to the throne. He could not help thinking that the
advocates of the principles he espoused possessed at
least as much consistency as the Hon. and Learned
Gentleman had lately displayed...(Hear, hear.)—
He must admit that there was little reason to com-
pliment those with whom he had voted on a former
occasion, upon the success of their predictions ;
but he should, he hoped, never feel any thing like
shame from the reflection, that he had theu support-
ed the old principles of sound English policy and
English hospitality. The objects of our ancestors
were solely to afford an asylum to the vanquished
party in all eases of political dissensions in foreign
countries, whilst they uniformly suppoited the prin-
ciple of renderisig up all those who had committed
any grievous civil crime against society..—(Hear.)
He was sorry to are the indifferent ease and gaiety
with which the fate of a certain class of men, now
deprived of all countenance and protection, owing
to the circumstance of political changes in their
own countries, were likely to be treated in that
House. It was an indifference unworthy of the
liberal sentimesit and generous solicitude of Eng.
lishinen.—(Hear.)—The fact was, this was a Bill
to prevent the eliliniire into this country of three
newspapers, amongst others the Yellow Dwarf—
(A laugh,)—and of 38 individuals proscribed by
ail arbitrary act of the French Government. The
rights of asylum, of humanity, and hospitality,
ought not to be exercised on the part of this nation

scronlinz to the cdomiiinoa representations of
the Guyer aaaaa ent, to whore Nets they Were hos-
tile, to our Government. Woold not the result
be, that the reception and rate or those
sltus-
tri individual% helcinging to the osiginual Curses
or Spain, who nose Languished in the dungeons
Of Spain and its I.lasiol., depend nu the repre-
sentation or their own Government, should the),
as they naturally would, resort for sit asylum
to this cuoistry, Ms the proirceuir of site oppress-
ed, the asylum of those whia had saeritic. el their
property and liberty in the great cans of liberty ?
Remarkable it was, that thew. patties *guild most
probably, in the statikof thitigtkak pre•cot, Irwin for
an sisylsam to the protection of Nlatscovy, ranker
than to that or England: This was not one of the
lewd evils inflicted (spots the seusillibuies of Eng-
lishmen, that a hilst Muscovy, oiler the most t)-
ra •• I Guyer 1111 l riot iu turope, boasted snore of
liberality sod national hospitality 101411 oily other
Enropeon nation, England, adoptiog stew principle.,
placed itself ambitiously at the head of every prtai
ciple that was illiberal and connected with political
persecut throughout the globe.—(The lion. and
Learned Gentleman sat down amidst the load cheery
of Me lippasttion.l
Thr ATTORN EY-GEN F.RAt contended that this
prerogative of the Crown was one of its most whe-
reat properties. By the common law of the bind
the Crocus had a right to subject aliens to deports.
tints out of the country. The exception in the
old law respecting the residence of foreign mer-
chants in this country, only went so far as to per.
mit them to reside amongst tia usf amtea prohihitt
silt—so that the priiiciple of prohibition had been
established from the earliest times of the Constitu-
tioo. True it was that the Croon had nut then
assumed to itself, except in pauticular cases, the
right not only to expel, but to deliver up personal
flying to this country for refuge, to the Govern-
ment from which they had felt it necessary to fly.
The extraordinary circumstances of the times had
rendered adefensive system of policy expedient, sod
he much feared that should the House be induced
to consult the dictates of humanity and alter its
restrictive policy with respect to abeam, tile humane
intentions of the Legislature would only become a
subject of derision, whilst its insiaolicy would he
obviously injurious to the best interests of the
country.
The House then proceeded to divide, amidst
cries of so Qnestion !" when there appeared for the
Speaker's leaving the chair—

Aye 94
Noes 32

Majority 67
The !louse accordingly we'd slats Committee
on the Bill.

On ont re-admission to the gallery we found the
House in a Committee, and Mr. BARHAM moving,
that the blanks (for the duration of the Bill) be
filled up with "oile year" instead of two.
The liuuse divided on this motion, when the
numbers were—

For the original term, " two years" .... PO
Against it

Majority
Mr. J. P. GRANT pooposett 111 claim to the fol-
lowing effect :
_ _ _

" PMsided always, and be it further enacted, that in ease
any alien shall be ordered out of the kingdom, he shall be
entitled to name the Islet to which he shall he sent, and to
sail thereunto if en opportunity should offer, by comment of
his Majesty's Government, within one mouth."
The CH A I 11)1AN observed, that this proviso would
go to alter the whole form of the Bill, and could
not be received without previous instructions to the
Committee.
Mr. J. P. GRANT then moved, " that the Chair-
Man do have leave to report progress, for the pure
pose of affording tin opportunity for submitting
these instructions to the Committee.
The SPEAKER was clearly of opinion that this
motion was out of order. It would. however, he
competent for the Him. Member to submit his
motion in another stage of the Bill, either un the
Report or the third reading.
Mr. J. P. GRANT was ready to reserve his propo-
sition for a future stage.
Sir SAMUEL ROMILLT had to submit a propo-
sition which. he trusted, might be received on the
present occasion. as it did not go to alter the form
of the Bill, but to limit its application. It wait to
introduce. after the enactment, a clause—" Save
and except so far as concerns aliens continually resi-
dent here since the lot January, 1914."
The CHAIRMAN thought the same objection
which was applicable to the former proviso was here
operative.
After a few words from Lord CASTLEREAGH
and Mr. Bsenuest---

The SMILER agreed with the Chairman, that
the proposition of the Hon. and Learned Gem lemon
(Sir S. Romilly) could not be received in the pre-
sent stage, as it went to alter the form of the Bill.
The House then resumed, and the Report war
ordered to he received to-morrow, when it was
agreed the propositions of Mr. J. P. Grant and Sir
S. Komilly should he taken into consideration.
