CATTLE AND SHEEP.

RETURN to as Order of the Hod. Room a< Comeonne.
dated May 11, 1912, for as Accoaat of the Number of
21r8T CATTLE and Sneer sold in Smithfield Market, io
oath Year, from the Year 1790 to the motet that.

SHEEP.

. ittVonirk
61 p,hy.r.sr .6. vita& (*At. Hanes .timeatinest to lake
Goan the Slaking Food Ise Nun requisite Ids relieve the
railati, Leveed of robin Ike iliteley by • Lean irivy
kaaniiisa, as prepaid by Ike Chancellor of Übe Ezebt-
'qeere—Jaae 3.

Abercronaby,HE.J. Fergesoe, Sir R. Palmer, C. F.
Aubrey, Sir Jubn Gipps, G. Power, R.
Barrett, 8. 111. Drettab, J. Robinson, Sir G.
Birch, J. Honywood, W. P. Rice, T. S.
Benno, J. Hetrltemen, He.H. Ricardo, D,
Hoeghtoe. Sir C. H.Hebilleute, J. C. Rickfurd, W.
Bennett, Hon. H. G.Janns, W. Sebright, Sir J.
Blake, Sir F. Yeneedy, T. F. Smith, W.
Broegbaso, H. Leyeeeter, B. Saiiiti, 5.
Burdett, Sir F. Leiner:he, R. Stanley, Lard
Bernal, R. Lethbridge, Sir T. Wood. Akiermat
Calvert, N. Mattis, J. Williams, J.
Cranky, 8. Mom*, .1. B. ‘Villlasne, W. , ,
Cremptoe, Sem. Mackintosh, Sir'. Western, C. C. '
Calcraft, J. Mardenaid,J,. White, 1.
Creevey, T. Newport; Sir John Whitmore, W.
Carnes, J. C. Nugent. Lord TTLLZIII.
DeCrespigny,SirW. Ord, AT. Hume, J.
Dengue, T. Phillips, G. jerk panics, Cot.
Arlitotaity
Of Sixty-Mven who voted fur Mr. Curnen't Motion for the
total Repeal of the Salt Tax.—June 3.
—,......--.
Abercromby, Ha. J. Denman, T. Nugent, Lord
Allen, I. A. Dundee, Hes. T. Ord, W.
Haughey, Sir J. F. Fergueon,llie R. ,Palmer, C. F.
Blair, J. H. Gralitt, .1. W. Price, R.
Bernal, R. Hollywood* ri.x. Portman, E. B.
Burdett, Sir F. Hunte,J. ' Power, R.
Birch, J. Noble:Am; J. C. Rice, T. 8.
Blake, Sir F. Hutchlasos, He. H.Rickferd, W.
Bennett, Hon. G. Hamilton, Lard A. Reinhold, C.
Bright, H. Handley, H. Ricardo, D.
Boughton, Sir C. R. Jervoiee, G. P. Sefton, Lord
Barrett, S. H. James, W. Sebright, Sir J.
Brougham, H. Kennedy, T. 11: Scott, J.
COMC&OgiOn, L. Lethbeidge,Sir T. Smithi 8.
Calvert, N. Latoeclte, R. Stanley, Lord
Calvert, C. Lamb, Hon. G. Wood, Alderman
Cranky, S. Leonard, T. B. Western, C. C.
Chemberlayne, W. Lemblegtoe Dr. Wilson, Sir R.
Crompton, S. Leyeenter, itarph Wilson, C.
Caterer., J. Macdonald, J. Williams, .1.
Cretvey, Thomas Nom*, J. B.
DeCmpiguy,SirW. Startle, J. T LLLLL 11.
Davenport, D. Newport, Rt. Hoe. Benett, J.
Davies, Cul. Sir J. Curwen, .1. C.


MINORITY

Io favour of receiving the Peoitioo promoted by fir. Coke,
from Norib Greenkoe, in Norfolk, 66d rejected on ike
Motion of Mr. Frenenstie.--Jene 3.
—vim—

Abercroniby, Ro.J. Fitzroy, Lord C. Parer, T.
Aubrey, Sir J. tartlßS, J.W. Poelett, Hon. W.
Breaskain, H. Heatbeers„ G. J. Ricardo, D.
Rental, IL llialdiemad, W. Roberts, A. W.
Borders, Sir F. Rausiltoe, Lord A. Russell, Lord J.
Ramseit, 800. H.G. Bobber's', J. C. Smith, G.
Mild, U. Hoteidneoe, Hoe. Smith, J.
Bengbey, Sir J. F. C. H. Scarlett, J.
Birds, J. Ms e, J. Tierney, Rt. Hon. G.
Cairn t, C. James, W. Taylor, M. A.
Creevey, T. Kennedy, T. F. Webb, E.
Cavendish, Lord G. Loshiogtoo, S. Wood, Alder...
Colborne, N. R. Macdonald, James Wilson, Sir R.
Calmat, John Nlarjeribanka, S. Williams, Jobn
DeCrespigny,SirW. Montt, J. B. IViuuiogton, Sir T.
Demeannea, Vise. Moore, Peter
Davies, T. H. Mortis, J. IT LLIIIUP.
Deakaul; W. J. Newport, Sir J. Coke, T. W.
Variation, Vise. Norreanby, The. Convey, J. C.
Feriusuo; Sir R. C. Prke, R.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

HAMBURGH MAIL.

ST. PETEItaBURGH, WAY 10.
The Convention relative to the conveyance of the mails,
mow concluded bete between Prussia end Petereburgh, con-
cerns the future ammounicatioa by post between the two
States and all other countries. It is terminated to the en-
tire satisfaction of the Gavernmeols and subjects of both
Power', and by the great saving of lime, promises consi-
derable advantages to merchants and other,.
According to the Convention, the Prussian Government
bas established, besides the old mails from Berlin to Hemel
and back, two others ins direct line for she Russian cones-
'madame, by which means all letters from Russia by
way of Prussia and Berlin, to Harnburgh, Denmark,
Holland, Switzerland, England, France, and Spain, will
be dispatched from Berlin three days earlier than bi-
Otago. Letters from Russia for the German States beyond
Berlin, will even be received from Salk; four days earlier.
This atm regulation of the posts takes place on the Ist of
Jane. The nsgociation of this Convention, which was
so difficult end has yet been so happily terminated, wen is-
Masted by Russia to the Privy Counsellor, Von Ralph'',
Director of the Post•ofire at Petersburgli, and by Primus to
the Postmaster General Von Goldbeck, who has been here as
Commissioner. The two Governments have reciprocally
given the most Ratteting marks of favour to the perinea who
have so ►atisfactorily etiocludel this Convention.

HANOVER, MAT 23.
It seems that the Committee w►icb was to go to London
to carry the result of the dismission relative to the internal
orgsaization of various branches of the administration, will
not at mescal set out fur Elision&
coPRNHAGEIf. MAT 25.
_

The Crown Prince of Sweden arrived here this eves*, at
eeeee o'clock, escorted by a division of Karl Horse Guards
that was sent to met him. To-morrow his Royal Highness
will pay his compliments to their Majesties. The Kiss will
receive the Prince, hot his Majesty has loudly Welsch sof-
tient after his illness to appear at table, sad is this ease the
Queeu will do the humours.
AAMBORGII, MAY 28.
Fachaoge ow London, 213th May, not noted en account
of the holuday; busioess was done—
On London, at 36 11 Money.
On Paris, at 23 2.l6ths Money.
Oa Amsterdam, two months, at 108! Mosey.
PSTIOVIDURGH, MAY 10.
Exchange--
London 9 916 I liamliurgh 8 11-16
Amsterdam .. V V-16 I Paris . 100

PARIS PAPERS.

PARI., KAY 31.

The Augsburg Gazette announces that the Lord
HigtiComouirsioner or the lonian Island., Sir Tho.
mar Maitland, passed through Inspruck the 17th
May, on his way from Italy to Constance.
French Foods—Five per Cent. Consols, opened at 89r. 80e ;
highest, 89t. 80c.; closed at 89f. 75c. ; flank Actives, 1,810 f:
Exchange on London—One Mouth, 20f. 35c.; three
Mouths, 25f. 20c.—(Cows Aalksatigw, aluy 31.)
DUTCH NAIL.
•
•

■AMBUBGH, MAT 28.
ACcosinty from St. Petersburgh of 10th May in-
form pa Awn hi. Imperial flightless the Grand
Duke Nicholas had left that city in the night of the
3d Mal';• in 'order to repair to the army, which is
assembled its the Grand Duchy of Lathanis.
The Grand Duke Michael passed on the 251 it

. e

April through Pikovi; whence he twttindlti his
journey to WM:a', on the road to Wilna. I
The King of Denmark having been Officio .
formed of the journey of the Crown Prince Of . arisj
den, has, an account of the friendly retinae'h of the
two Courts; offered him o residence at Copenhagen.
Thii offer has been accepted with thanks by his
Royal Highness. The King of Denmark has ac-
cordingly Appointed two chamberlains and an adju-
taut of the general staff to Wait upon and aecoin
pony the Crown Prince, who is expected in Copen-
hagen on. the 25th May.
We learn from Stockholm that the &tenon
Privy Counsellor, M. Von Bohnen,after having hisrl
ti conference with the Crown Prince, has returned to
Bavaria. Some disputes which leave taken place
among the inhohitonts of Luplsnd on the !torsion
frontiers have led to official communications be-
tween the Ministers of the two Powers.
HAGUE, MAY 28.
iIEcOND CHAMBER OF THE STATap OSISFRAL.
In this sitting • most important message from his
Majesty was read, accompanied by a project of law
of the greateit interest, relating to the &minces of
' the kingdom, which it is proposed to relieve by
orating the Caine d'Amortiotentent with the Syndi-
cate of the Netherlands. The following is on out-
line of his Majesty's Message:—
" By our Message of 21st December 1821, we oigninod
to your High Mightinessek that reboil takes ism our serious
consideration the question, whether the Calm AMOY-
fistelsent will always be able to continue the operation fur
the redemption oft Le deferred debt, in the manner last
adopted, and that it was our intention is due time to sub-
mit to your assembly proposals trading to Ibis end.
"A scrupoilous examination of this interesting subject,
his convinced no of the necessity, at the high price of the
deferred debt and the lottery tickets belongieg to it, to take
measures os the subject, to avoid being obliged to inertial*,
the means of the Caine trAmorlissement, and consequently*
the burdens of the contributors.
" In these measures the rights of the creditors etf/
Stele were to be scrupulously maintained. We have, there.
fore, adopted the idea of the offer of a reluatarY ettlavrraithl
of the deferred debt, and lottery tickets into debt, bearing
Interest, retaining the regulations at present existing for
these holders who shall nut desire to participate in the eon-
iretiiion of the debt."
The message then proceeds to develope his Majes-
ty's further views for the relief of the national bur-
dens, it unfolds the nature of the plan proposed,and
shews that while it will greatly benefit the nation
in general by an almost immediate reduction of the
contributions, it will not be disadvantageous to the
public creditor, so that his Majesty expects a re•
duction of four millions of florins in the expendi-
ture of 1823, arid hopes that if. the States General
approve of these measures, the natio° will be
in that happy situntioa which this assembly has so
ofteu desired, when being easy in regard to its
finances, their attention may be directed wire
steadily to the other subjects connected with the
prosperity of the kingdom. His Majesty touched
on the difficult duty he had to perform in his en-
deavours to introduce a solid linaucial system, the
great diversity of opinions that has prevailed, the
disagreeable impressions which it has been attempt-
ed to excite, bat which his Majesty has disregarded,
in the hope that the notion would sooner or later
appreciate what he has done. Though nothing
could deter his Majesty from fulfilling the most
painful part of his duties, it was agreeable for him
to be able to propose, on the 30th of Jemmy last,
a project which, without increasing the burdens of
the nation, will ensure it considerable advantages,
by covering the arrears and extraordinary charges
and offering means to increase the national indus-
try by opening new communications by land and
water.
His Majesty then expresses his ardent satisfaction
at being now able to lay before the Chamber the
present project, which will afford a great relief to
the nation, and doubts not that the Chamber will
be happy to concur in establishing such salutary
measures.

" We are now arrived," totscludes his Majesty "at the
time when our floaticial institutions alkrw us to examine
what are the burdens which the nation can and must Mar,
and what are the sacrifices which it may be spared. May
Providence preserve to as this state of thins! may its di-
•iue goodness avert from Its whatever might lead to fresh
calamities ! and may the Belgic people oriole', ender the
protection of Heaves, all the proaperity, all the National
hoover, of which it is readeisd capable by its sitaattun, and
by the rank it bolds among the nations of Eurotn•

0 We pray In God to have your High hlighlieesses order
hit Holy protection.

(Signed) •' WILLIAM.
" Hague, May 28, 1822."

SOCIETY for the IMPROVEMENT of PRISON
DISCIPIJNE

A very ostweroos meeting of the friends and supporters
epreerr
ho flaboierf
this Institutio• look place yesterday at Freernasooe Hall.
IhatTheresiropeoemtawbialintyfi,l"a laartgaespoeartrilL lOrwrbowtiollw.
sea, whose hands "open as day to mentos charity," are al-
ways extended fur the •Ileviatiou of human mifferisg.
" 0 woman! in our boors of ease
Uncertaist, coy, sod bard to please,
When pain and sickness wring the brow.
A mioiatermg angel thou!"
Soon after twelve o'clock the Chair was lakes by bit Royal
Highness the Duke of Gt.osictirrw, who was sorrooaded
by person, of dials's-lieu, amongst whom we observed, Lords
Suffield, Blesision, Catthorpe, and Regent; T. W. Coke,
Esq. M.P., W. Wilberforce, Esq. M.P., Bootle Wilbraham,
Esq. M.P., the Huts. H. G. Bennett, M.P., T. F. Buxton,
Esq. M.P. &e.
The Report of the Committee was then read, which rioted
that great improveaseuts had taken place, through the ex-
ertions of the Society, not only in the gaols and. houses of
correction in Enalabd, but also in those of the sister country,
where the Irish Government had afforded csery possible as.
andante in their power to promote the benevolent objects of
the Institution. Communications had been formed with es.
tablishoseats of a similar nature on the Continent—in PirOlb
Pik where they were patronised by the Prince Royal-.-in
France and Russia, where the Emperor Alexander hail con-
. descended to direct his Dilemma to the subject at metal
trader the consideration of the meeting.
Mr. BOOTLE WILBRAHAM, after expressing hie gra-
tification at bearing so favourable an account of the progress
of their labour'', moved, tbat the Report should be primed
with such further details as might seem fit to the Com-
mittee of Managemeat, which was agreed to.
Lord SUFFIFA.O said there wan one particular point
which be wished the public to understand clearly and dis-
tinctly. An assertwo had bees made that the mildewy of
that Society was to tender a gaol a comfortable and desirable
habitation. Now he was ausious to rescue the Seesery sot
only from the attacks of those who were openly and decidedly
hostile to it, but also from the inuendos of persoas who
" Damn with faint praise, smut with civil leer,
And, wit bout stseeriog, ethers teach to sneer."
He denied the truth of that assertion altogether; their plan
was not to introduce luxuries into place of coofinement,
so that those whose period of imprisonment had e•pord
would he glad to relies to scenes or gearificdtion tied ,
niuy
'scut, but to attend to the health and niver's of d.r Fri-

a.........60.A.

•
sk* le provide them with embitter-its, whirls Was very
lye remedy either in pommel .or correct:DE rweiv-1,-
Imbibe. Tie Noble Lewd conereded with gamin • ersulletie•i.
101‘. of a Pellets tightest the statement wheels It'd
igerre argood that the measures su the Sanely were c demist.
render a prison a desirable habitatiou, and to deprive
pweighouseet of its jest terrors.
The Hoe. H. G. BENNETT Phil that some time ago the
iminn af toofinement in gaols was mach that it ugh, tended
to interring crime, There was no claseigesiMe of prostowers;
those who were matured is vice had eisundant opportunity
IA inculcate their dangerous principles upuu those who were
comparatively, innocent. He adverted to the state of a gaol
which was • disgrace to owe of the miticinal towns of the
kingdom (Bristol.) Is that prise, the lowest dungeon was
helot,* the bed of the river—there were tirrs of tells nee over
the other, front which the smell was so offensive, the Keeper
bad told him he could scarcely bear to go near them ;
war so cleselfiestins of pinwale s—male sod female, old and
youttg, all were promisceously huddled together. The re,
Lions of that Society had contributed much to improve the
state of gaol., gad he was happy to say that notwithstandine
all the discouraging circumatauces they had encountered,
they were 'linking a succeeifill progress.
' Mr. WILBERFORCE wished the attention of the So.
tlety to be particularly direr led to those who Were risme
both In years and crime. Many of them, perba,s, need
their fall to the deprivation of the fostering kindoein and
food endearments of a mother, or of the steady voter-IWe
asd salutary authority of a fdtber; many bad been left uo
the worst orphanage of vice and estitution. Theie were
some who entered at any attempt to reform those juv•oile
otreoder., but he thought they knew little of the home',
heart, they knew little of themselves, who tonsideitd it
impracticable, and he was sure there was even in the worst,
some latent good feeling, which, belug rightly managed,
would afford some chance of reformation mid improvement.
Several other Gentlemen afterwards addiessed thr Chair-
man at congderable length, and a vote of 'heels to hid
Royal Highness the Doke-of Gloucester having been iies•ed,
the meeting broke up.
A liberal subscription was entered Into by tic !I/cellist's of
the Society end its visitors.

MR. BELZONI.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE BitirtsH PRESC.

-

Sts—Having seen an err secoont in the daily jour-
nals, 1 think it my duty to bring Ike real facts before the
public through the medihm of your valuable paper, which I
hope you will insert as early as possible.
OPERA CHARITY FETE.
As a traveller, sad oar who wishes to see as much as pos-
sible of the gamer. and splendour of civilized sitioes, as
well as the customs and slavery of at WC wild ones, I
considered the halt given lest Thursday at the Eing'is
Theatre for the relief of the distressed high one of the
best opportuaities that cheat* could afford rue to belvild
as assembly of the beauty and inagaificenee of this country,
and to contribute at the same time to that charitable
purpose. Unfortunately, having been very recently nw
the Continent, I returned to England too late to provide
myself rick a ticket of admission late the King's Theatre
on the above night. I communicated ivy wishes to some
friends oaly the day before the ball was to take plaice,
sad on Thursday morniug • person front a respecahle
quarter called at my homer, and acquainted me that Mr.
Ebeirs, owner of the Ring's Theatre, had 100 tickets to
dispose of, and that I might procure use at the price of 10
guineas. I did not hesitate to scud for the ticket, meaning
to contribute that sum to the above charity; bnt 1 am store
Wormed that only two guineas out of ten will be applied
to the relief of the poor; and as I am going out of Eng-
land witbio a few weeks, sad probstly a long time will
*tepee before my return, I could nut lose the ptomain:
opportuuity of satisfying toy curiosity la seeing a British fete
for charity's sae. Accordingly, l 'wrested myself at the
theatre, sad whoa half up slain, my ticket was requited.
It bore the name of the Countess de Ore,; and oes the back,
that of Mr. Teatime. No sooner did I present it to the
check-taker, than be ecquaiated me that I was not permitted
to pass on ; and in a very abrupt manner, said that I mutt
stop there: at the same time he called some one out, nod
tiro police officers appeared, who tonk me I, thew
custody; sod in that slate I remained f::r about a quar-
ter of an hour, espored (es if I had been in a pillory)
to the public, who eutered so crowds at the time. I
will not eater en the *Patois of the petty insnits I re-
ceived, or on what I fell, fur that may easily be eat-
ceived from any one who bait feelings of honour ; at learn
perceiving a gentleman converting with the office's, who
kept • strict watch over me, as if I bad committed anew:
high treason, I requested that be would have the good-
ness to be witness that I was then fonder an serest by the
police officers; he was the Earl of Ancrom, tabu having
been informed that I had the ticket from Mr. Ebcrs, "sift
it was • ticket which had been Nut; and I was nimble to
conceive bow it could bete fallen into the hands of Me.
Ebers to be sold. At ISM, baring gtvrn my name it..
the Noble Earl, he told me' lis give my ticket to him ; f,ie
which, iii exchange, his Lordship Itiodly offered me his
own, which I accepted, and entered the theatre, where, by
the illusion and splendour of the scene, I anon forgot the
disagreeable adventure al the door. His Majcity had not
yet entered the house, and I wa. waiiing with thousands
more, fur his desired appearsace. Half so hour had elapsed,
when not less than three Buw.street runners, or rather thiese-
catchers, surrounded me, and with that genileoess which
they are, I suppose, accustomed to use to felon., I was
consume:led to march out and appear before Sir Richard
Ramie, who was is the commit town, sad iiii:h the Who.
ritative tore with which, IN doubt, he addresses rogues and
thieves, ordered me to walk out of the house. I attempted
to address mteself to him and to explain ; but be said, " I
will not bear any thing from you, Sir, you "mitred with a
wrong ticket's's] you mast go out. Officer* do your deep—
s' I will take epee myself to answer all." Aad skis was mid
with a mile, sigoiTytog, as I thought, that no reproaches
could be made to • person like himself foe whatever dryer
he might contrail. 1 nsust confess that I was a little at
loss bow to seeount foe all this proceeding; bat coal.] not
suppose that the owner of it. theatre himself could sell
.a ticket, the bearer of which must become the victim of WHa
us weiremeli II andieid regulation : but what ess-pea..... iue woo,.
all was, thatßie Binds., bayous hev es'she cluens"," on one
side, would no err that lathe ether. Had Sir Rie hind heath-
reed to my de e, I would hare teed him at once that I lied
bought the tiebatfrom Mr. Ebers, who was then in the house,
and having a*ertaiaed that I bought the ticket from him,
Sir Richard world have acted right, and all would isaaecorted
satisfactorily; but the more [attempted 'in explauatiou, the
more peremptorily be ordered his sandlots to ilo :heir du.
lies. Thus I vas form a wetly correct idea. at in' ~..0 •a.
pease, of the impartial admiaiiitratinn of iiiiitice by this ren.
degas". I hdd in my hands the ticket air... to inn :.y Ito
Earl of Animism, which was 'Patched from my baud by one
of the geotlensen ollcera, and which ticket wan also pro-
nounced to be wrong. Nothing could thin weert the irons,.
dilate execptios of terming me out of dome; s.d even the
medistimeof the Lord Mayor, who nay carnally pp Scot, end
had signified that be Lure me, could not erevail en p••
Richard he examine this unpl t affair, la.foie he SO IMO; I y
coudemord ma; yet this gent lemao is at the bead of slit po-
lice neer the greatest oistropolo• in the world! Notwtlii-
staudiag all this, I eostrised to keep to) place, in hopes that
the mistake would he rectified at the cod.

At Ibis tine Sir Richard was railed out by 11P11/4 one, matt
I was kft is custody of two aillieera, as a eolorit. iu the !mice
of all that were pre4eitt. On the return of Sir Richard, V,.
M. eankraewered to pereitade Ann that I wan incapable of
milking' MK of an irregular tides ; •nd that t wan •s witch
known Si agy one th. re. " But Ido cot know Iwo, replied
Ste Itiobard: by whirls declaration I rot tn)aelf /veldt Bar.
tend, bowleg resided in Brigiand phu,st twenty yetwo% ex-
cept the time of lay journey; hot it did no great honour
t• the vigilasee of Si.' NICIS/11, ia at ti.e bead of the
police, sod weed to know every fureituer to liar Vt'
rsr Rcoie:aidedactar:eilli,awtorbiethi:brdis:estetch.
(wydyr had aertuatured lulu that ewe,- '
L..rdah
wrung ticket ; but I rag Martel,
t•.rally, the Earl Iti;P/;blentrelP, appeased, r .640ket .iH..d7
he had hououred toe with was to the hat

~.

I •
'.. i
1
.
. i
,r,
t,
i
...
,4
.',l
1 ..
I ' .
. ..
t 1
. 1111 'l
I 1
J
'1
..,
r:4.kl
• is t.i,
il
!I i
A
. • i i ,
~
.1 . L. •
F.4v,i
II
, I •
' V q
i
I
k
,
0 i ' !'
4 .
. . ,
: t I
I.
r '.)
i
i . 4
' 1.
1
• i i

rei+•ier In ISt eti,t,
Meue•tChnioes
te,ed the toning. with
CETI initr
e end L 7 t!WMNrh.•r.
et" A .1 OIC I;rfrel.—•
A led find n ! rb. liektt
hail& if the otfic.r,
