....
. , . _eg . -... e. • • • ,
. .
-‘
, ..
.. •
ee,_ ';e, •`
•
had one daughter, the late lamented Prim s
CHARLOTTE6Init.6tiEoIIfGSIEas:si•IC. ot:uhre:. as
I:"
17th
111".
of Pembroke. He himself followed with more ing wiser by experience, on his secaod visit adopted ces in the
. fitnttoteellia.Z. '
ont 6442640 imrar7lielirwit - rind liali .ertlNTllll.l4llll6eneo , the
. . • mik eish,hicenAtof Concord ;in her left the Harp. lii die distance
i tar f enNard, at which 1 Roy Is lighting a torch, were both roused.. .. . n e I'IS • nnces and Chiefs came to proffer of war between Russia and .l'iiikey.— ftaintr. ..
sed. s. The tumors hither's,' sent to him allegiance,' he insulted them by pulling their
King Dermot were the advanced guard of the Earl bushy beards. They flew to erns. but John grow. Frsaltais'i
fee 3vf the Altar is the waited hands, surroanded by the- Great itsßuffiri LEIPSIC, JULY 26. 17es, and in 1795 married Lis present Majesty
GEORGE IV. then Prince of WALE'', by whom she
fain very encouragio assume
g .
rmed that•tho,Porte has revalued from I
• tnct is setting fi.* to a pile °ram'', as now no longer use.
I
•1 - Serpent,'Emblem of Eterwity, to point out teat the union of considessable force". He landed at Waterford more conciliating measures. -•
He enacted
all (hoses on In, happy occasion will be perpetoated. The
wbirle is • minded by the following motto—' Advenit Rex
Concordat eteitas.' Is the remise, ine. AVOLIBIbt-Alt Clir 44
1411110, tO ilieW the phiee It tservalie Medal was week, 'under
* ,
la.ch is the dale, M.pcCC.Xxl.~
- -- - '
TO the EDITOR of The BRITISH PRESS.
GEORGE THE FOURTH% VISIT TO IRELAND. another important city of the Oatmen. At first he laws, established a mint, introduced the Eindisle
waweepoleedeebet• it were- finelfreaken by storms ' • abstoeni;* and dividiii ihirpa— Exert 'a the id.iid -Eolo-
and the inhabitants put to the sword ; and thus a nixed by the En lish, called the Pale. into twelve
g
strong place. and a safe and fine port, were secured, counties; nay. it is said,4hat the first regular Par-
for the Astute debarkation of English forces.
AtWaterford this Earl of Pembroke celebrated i Dublin. In short, John
his marriage with Eea, daughter and heiress of land, though a very bad King of England. good event of war.
In the sitting of the Cartes, on the 14th • inst.
Deputy M. Borges Carneiro ei.!'els7ounifice.cjlutlEmYCliolu.n't
de Bai.bacena, as being opposed to the conetitu-
tional system, and as not possessing the confidence • - Hee •Meaterex -fife; trails, and eltfferinge,.
swocfduollynolteefeefort4istmde the pubiloic,awbearlli woepoluimietolimndastpace
present moment. She exessested a generous heart
'lament which ever eat was assembled by him in of the nation. He added, that the office of Ali- and a brave spirit. No weenten perhaps ever gave +
King Dermot, and became, in right of his wife, Richard 11. wet the next Monarch that went -
was a good Lord of Ire..
is duties
Foreign Affairs Affairs was one of the higliestt liritrtlreliobfl,rl;earme ;rn,dtersdeaffveeredxcitsendicuouie;:rimiiiietr;
ifuttitowny.
importance wider present circumsteneee, and that
discharged as they might to be, have
8_ . -
and instanced, that since the time at which his my rearm they are this dry
g y objects of pity. 64
C
•r
C.
CI
t 1 .1.- , •PP.-•
Sea—The King's wins to Ireland gave rise to a the lawful inheritor of the kingdom of Leiaster, on over. He seems to have been rather partial to the Majesty solemnly swore to recognise the bases of The following is a statement of the progress o it
1
legal
n a not her MAJESTY'
, this Minister had iS illeese since Monday night. It wit .
short &scansion on the aubject in Parliament when , the demise of his father-in-law, whielv-isaw after country, which, even then, evinced a siucere attach- the Constitution, li
, .
, . his gramouseinepose was first known there,- but it. I happened. • - ment to the House of York ; perhaps, because the manner communicated the happy event to the ',linen when the account of her MAJESTY'S death .°
Ministers or Agent. of Spain, France, England,
"4Tel:teed If'isdlo—wiog Bulletin wes exhibited in the '
:amulet seem, with no other view than of paying a 1 - Dublin having revolted, Strongbow marched lite Lord Lieutenant, Lionel Duke of Clarence,
and Germany. He concluded by observing, that
il'-', ~at homage to the beasevoleut and pat node tutees- ' against it with all his forces, took it, and eetin. his uncle, married an Irish woman. daughter of De
he made...tins declaration in order that it might r
owes of his Majesty. guielied the power or the Pitmen there, and in the . Burgh, Earl ofClanricarde. Richard was also twice reach the ears of his Majesty, who,...be menteived, morning of yesterday at Cernhridee Heine:— rn
It hos bean asserted in the House of Commons, 1914er maritime towns of Ireland. •in Ireland. The second time he arrived at Water- was certainly ignorant of the facts. -
"The Queen has pan":trlaienci.dli:euk:vwur?::"hkorliakel/saNleste'pjl.,vagautdhlee' • 1 iii
and repeated in the House of Lords, that not more- ..Henry IL himself landed at Waterford, Oeto- ford. with 300 sail of vessels, and 30,000 men. In the satiric of the 17th instant, a motion was
Majesty's
:,. I . .0'
av
then three of ear former Monarchs visited Ireland bet. 18, 1174. ekthe head of 500 Knights, and This appeared Idaampaaleation of • con; fete con- made by the Deputy Sermciiin, tending to antici-
pate the pecuniary events of General Pepe. who islt
M the long course of 650 years, and that these only 4,000 men at arms; upon which Earl Strongbow quest, but it ended'in' mere parade. He marched
banished from the country lie %tithed to Beier. It is (Sigae.l) It!
" H. AINSLIE, ei
went for the purpose of war aud cornea's!. surrendered to him his kingdom of Leinster, as his to Dublin, where he kept hie Court with extraordi- staled that the Patriots of Spain had already dies
The above Bulletin, althougl:':
AS the suleete is open to inquiry, and 14 become liege Lord. Thus was a port of Ireland transferred nary maguificeuce. He conferred the honour of charged this duty towards General Pepe; that the in
now unusually interesting, I have emienvoured to from nice dynasty to another, by right of inheri- Kuighthood ou four Irish .Kings, whom be enter- patriots of England have already a subscription on
the expectations of the public, was uot disco. ', 'II
solleet particulars-from the most authentic sources, trace, 814 without battle or conquellt. wined, with all their rottener', with splendid hos- foot to the same etti•et ; and that the Portuguese el
would do honour to their nation by imitating so ge- - . C
not indeed from the Histories of Erielaud, which From Waterford King Henry proceeded to pitelity, and consigned them over to certain of his
teems an example.—(Joured cies Debats.) raging. From the very low elate to which her of
carrel y notice at all the affairs of !relies:l, but Cashel, where he was met by a convocation of all, imenniers to be instructed, by way of pattern, in
CRONSTADT. JULY 15. MAJESTY had been reduced, and the reaction of ' sr
from the writings of Sir James Ware, Sir John the Archbishops and Bishops of the country, met leillt isoitume and manners of the English. But
[EXTRACT FROM A PRIVATE LETTER.] the powerful medicines by which it was effected,
( as
Davis, Campion, Molynesse, and others. They by the itegitri, or petty Kings (except those froM• !ting Richard was too quickly renalled to Eng- "A great calamity, which hoe been added to innu- her
witty
mitaettindretiv:infit:chrte)
or
gnsreeqatuelfl'coretuorfit'
MAJESTY'S recovery must
i o her
n. e
ea:: rviewmlek de- in
di
WPM •WlRtrOipt to maintain the right of cm,.. Ulster), with Roderie O'Connor, Monarch of Ire- lend, by the intrigues of his Cousin of Lancaster, menible other misfortunes, iit Bucharest, has caused time, •
neyt of the English Kluge ; but Molyereaux alone land, ut their head.' They there did homage to leaving his bearded and royal pupils but half edu- me to make my escape from that unhappy city. te, liable
1 i al;
i
0 cited, end liatfetbsved.. . ' There has been an earthquake, accompanied by a
has Proved, in his " Case of
.Irelond Considered," Henry, as their liege Lord, received from lam the
hearil illness sst ,i,
et him:,
powerful
the
medicines
csi
iul
esf- 111
re violent storm than the inhabitants ever re- opinion of some of the Physiciens frotu the corn-
The nest royaltrialase was the renowned Henry V, _
,i 1
rout those very chronicles end evenly, that no con- reinvestiture of their respective territories; and if
His arrival ie not noticed in English chruniclese more
lo have taken piece; about 1,400 houses 'fin:it:ccet
i., .t]
quest of helmet, properly considered es such, was this can be called a conquest, the whole island lea. I have been destroyed ; a great number of the Wm-
necessary to overcome the violence of her disease,
I . but it is stated in the Irish records. He landed at bitants perished in the ruins. A shower of hail, as
ever made, or even intended, by the 866.11 Mo- cept Ulster) submitted to him, as Matinee Region*
she would recover, and 11
111111:1111. observes, " without one drop of blood being shed." Clontarff in the first year of his reign, and held • large as a out, ~lestroyetl the trees which the storm
dtoidpuntoth,erichoertiesrtoitrue,tioaeliailLoithtelteeecratisneissuelliliarsoAjrimitilsiotatuadgrvlal:nwedee,
.- ..)
Parliament in Dubin* to raise subsidies and men had spared, and also some peasants who were in the
' VI
Conquest may be defined the entire sabres- This Reggie was interpreter and secretary to King
fields, with nearly the whole of the crops. The forve hissh7etmected conquest of France •; his stay was T
to complete recovery ho any intermission or i
lion of a country by the invasion of a foreign Dermot. He wrote his account of the events, ofopen
nkish soldiery, seized with a superstitious terror,
wit pa
ut
sower, Thus Gaul was conquered by the
change, we were not prepared for so sadden and
interval elapsed before the country was
limier Julius Caesar, std England by the Normans with great candour and simplicity. It is more de- At
with another royal visit, but then there seeking upon earth, has ascended to the skies to
combat us from thence.'
under William, surnamed the Bastard, mid af:er. pended on there that of Gerald Barry, called
serious an alteration as announced in the following
were two Kings in Ireland at the same time, "The plains of Wallachia which I traversed,from
wards the Conqueror; but such conquests were '• Oeraldus Candreensis," who went over at a later
James 11. and William 111. These rival Monarchs Bucharest to the frontiers, formerly so beautiful Bulletin, which was posted up last evening on the
never obtained over Ireland. period, and was a courtier in the employment of and fertile, now present the appearance of desola- Obelisk in Fleet-street and ou the front of the I
went over, not to conquer Ireland in particular, but
The circumstance which first brought the Anglo- King Henry. They however agree as to the more tion and ruin • the dead bodies with which they are mane" Heats, ,_ '
to contend for the British empire. Undoubtedly • at
Normans acquainted with Ireland is curious and importune leading events.
Tuesday A.flervoort. b,
romantic, and has been compared by some biro- From Cashel Henry marched to Dublin, wherecovered •infec't the sir ; nothing is to be heard butt
the great majority of the nation adhered, with un. the mournful howling, with which the dogs, leaving We regret that we are obliged to lay before the public the ''''
ea
lie kept his Court, and ustonished the natives with abated zeal and fidelity, an tirfiouse of Stuart, lost their masters, fill theenforests and
h fields t iso more following Bulletin, which arrived at lialf.past six :
rings to that which gave rise to the. Trojan war.r)
and well were they rewarded for it! From motivesbarbarians
to have a Farr o'Clock, p os.
Majestfauddesib be. ou
Au
Irish Kind, who possessed an hereditary domain, his magnificence and generosity. He feasted and even nor
villages—the
g :117; fruit,,,, gra- "In the course of the morning lies we
entertained the provincial Kings and citizens in au of conscience they were enemies to William ; but
e. • comprising about one-filth of the best part of the men,toglrd thing,elirls,
) 20,000 persons, come much worse. (Signed) .` % f
: G.
tOIMLIALLTAI °:Nlci. " i
that wive, just, and politic Monarch, regarded their
iiigneuse pavilion. constructed for the purpose, of tify their)
selvage fur • : more than
"i. W. in
island. was so far hurried by his passions as to vitt- the greater part of them women and children, have
motives with indulgence, and greeted them most, been dragged into slavery beyond! the Danube. or
late the laws of hospitality with regard to one of frame work, interwoven with wattles, which was
Unanthenticated BulT—etins had multiplied so fist - mi
honourable terms. It was Anne Stuart, and her. Aged men and women are massacred without
his tributary Chiefs, whose wife he carried off. This erected outside the city walls, in which he exhi-
in some of the Papers on Monday it was found ne- .
sir
•
Ministry, that violated the capitulation of Limerick ,•all
indignity was effettively resented by the injured tithed • dazzling displsy of plate, and was support- smercy, and. the
destined
young women only are
pared echo are for the Harem, and those
ae
' host, who excited all his own vassals against him, eel by his suite of Norman Nobles, in their rich and enacted and enforced those odious and oppress
of children to be brought up in the Maliotnetten cessary to issue the following caution:— us
sive penal laws against the Catholics, which made religion ; the convents and churches ■are every " Several unauthorised Bulletins, purporting to be shwa tir and being supported by Rederic O'Connor, the costumes—the pride of the chivalry and courtesy
I supreme Monarch, he succeeded in expelling Der- of Europe. Henry gave a charter, which is yet
them become aliens to their native country, or ren- where razed from their foundations ;iu • convent by the Physicians, Lavin.; appeared in the Newspapers, it • . w',-•
P.
mat, the ravisher, from his dominions, end from the extant, to the citizens of Dublin; and we are . dared it the most intolerable of ally in the world to of women, those who were advanced in years were should be uaderstood that alone are authorised but such as di
island. Dermot fled to Normandy, and crewed aid warranted in concluding. from the wisdom and , live in. pat to the sword; and the young females carried have Mna e mes of the Physicians actually annexed to them. TI
into slavery. ter
Having enumerated all Me English Monarchs " HOOD."
of Henry 11. then the most powerful Sovereign in energy of his character, that he would have esta-a The Wallaphian troops who basely betrayed in Mt
We were also aware that from the improvement
blished the condition of his new dominion on the who visited Ireland, but none with hostility or hos.
battle the interests of their country, as well as the .
In her MAJESTY'S situation it was not the intention Ow
Europe. He offered to become his vessel, and do
ilei
tile views, it remains to mention one Potentate who, Greeks, their companions in arms, are recovering homage for his kingdom of Leinsler, if Henry best political bens, if, unfortunately for himself ! eft
i indeed, went over there "conouerine and to con- from their error when too late, and rallying round of her Physicians to issue more than two Bulletins Pe
would assist him in recovering poses ssion of it. and for Ireland, his affair with Becket, warmly I quer; 4 who wielded • "'
a two-edged sword with - - daily, one •
mer- Jordaki, a Greek of I•hessaly, and formerly it in the morning and the other at night:
This was promised ; hut as the King was taken up taken tip by the Pope, had not suddenly recalled ' ciless itnpartiality, hewing down the Catholics on commander in the militia or his country. Despair The departure from this rule so recently after it es
was laid down, ire issuing the Bulletin of last even-
him to England. laii
with his more important cootie/east riffling, he one side, and the Protestant royalists on the other— has given them fresh courage, and they have gained
I
ing, and the alarming terms in which it is expressed,
King Henry passed over to Ireland again in and that conqueror was Oliver Cromwell. several partial advantages over the Turks, who .
~i gave leave to William Marshall, Earl of Pembroke,
•
1187, accompanied by his second son, Jobre Earl The true interests and prosperity of Ireland were, have been repulsed ut several points with thee loss
sumemed Strongbow, to raise forces, but at his
for several centuries, no objects of consideration of of upwards of 4.000 men." excited a great sensation, and inspired the liveliest
of Morton, whom he created Dominus Hibernia, English ,--.
own risk and cost, and to reinstate King Dermot. the eGovernment, which aimed at nothing
of liNitioe gpirveepai true another
tionsio
apkairotgofin our
DPuabpleinr an account
and whom he lett in the government. This title.
, ~ It is true, before this event, the late Pope, beyond wielding • barren sceptre. It was ouly
Adrian IV. issued a Bull its favour of Henry, en• was retained by the English Kings until the middle during the reign of his late Majesty that the penal
.1 ) Ili F PRITISH PI-Z.ES S.
of the reign of Henry VIII. who first assumed the laws &Tenet the Catholics were relaxed, and that .' • courtging him to bring over to the bosom of the
Church the refractory Irish, whom he branded Bs _ .
title of King. From these facts, it is impossible some Acts passed, which originated in the Irish
1 .. sehisuretics and heretics—because they refused to to say with truth that this powerful, politic, and ge.
culture
itltitaeme Lament. for
the
country. improving
Amongand eg ri - lON DON,
there, however, scene of animation and gladness—everyone is busy— .
i
tpillimhtesiapatritetelualnatesecift,fflairosidg,caseshifisiteextetortdinga 1
. acknowledge the supremacy of the Holy See—be- serous Prince, came to Ireland is a conqueror. the Act of Union was never popular in Ireland. WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 8,182 L every one seems to regard the royal visit as a coat.
apart rof ..1
cause their Clergy were allowed to marry—end His intentiou was, to unite the people by good and a has even disappointed the hopes and tepee- ---,ea.—. a
laws. and to improve their manners by civilization, tattoos of its supporters every where. There can tlii
because they presumed to celebrate the festival ofDEATH OF THE QUEEN. sustain in the grand national festival. The Irish err
be no doubt but that the ',resent royal visit is a
They, indeed, were so intent on -destroying each tt
Government have been, and comiuue to be, par.
Easter at a different period from the Latin Church.
. wise political measure, tending to relieve the actual
other in their petty warfares, that they were utterly Ocularly active. The Castle and the Viceregal ;re
' This Bull, in fact, was !needling a crusade; but country has sustained in
depreciation which the • With deep regret we announce the death of her
Henry had then no intention of availing himself of incapable of joining their forces to make head consequence of the Union ; and which, if oceason- MAJESTY. Lodge ore in the most forward state of preparation, 1 ai;ed
The Ballast Board have vessels stationed between ibo
I it, as he himself was at issue with the Court of against a powerful invader; and such also was the ally repeated, will revive its commerce add indus. " Malice domestic, foreign levy, nothing Dublin Bay and Hols head, and down the Channel ' I (tit
Rome, whose intolerable domination he attempted political state of England during the Heptarchy, try, sod cement and consolidate the various in- Can touch her farther!"— at intervals of a fen miles distant each, by which a •
$,
tereats and resources of this great empire.
before Edgar succeeded in subduing hos rival.,The fatal event was announced to the public in telegraphic cummunication is opened between Et - •
in vele, great as he was, to shake off.
I am. &c. —Scaurdroß .
' • In the beginning of the year 1171 the first roc- and consolidating the kingdom under a singleinhalf all
- . - --. ' the following Bulletin, which was exhibited last land and Ireland. It is calculated that ig-
e
Monarch. on, August 5, 1621.
Heusi the news will be known in Dublin Castle.
Lour after his MAJESTY'S ►squadron shill reach the night at Cambridge House :....
'1
roars landed et Bannow Bay, iu the county of
t 1 Ireland would have escaped a world of misery - _____
"Her Majesty departed this life at Twenty-6re Minutes Wexford, without opposition. Dermot, at that-
The business doing in Dublin within the last week "e
and ages of suffering, if, in the first initance..it FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. putt Ten o'clock this Night.
time, lay concealed in his chief town of Ferns : or two has been extraordinary. The design of his ' 1 had been effectually subdued by the sword. If the - (giguee) (1 M. BAILLIE,
there he joined his new elite" with 3,000 men, and PARIS PAPERS. " 11. AINSLIE, MAJESTY, that all his subjects -should upproach •et
fate of the country had depended on such a pitch-
"W. G. MATON, him in the manufacture of the country, has given . - 'sir
thev forthwith summoned Wexford, s town built
slid inhabited by the Dane,. to-surrender. The ed and decisive battle as that of airings. and PARIS, AUGUST 4. "P. WARREN, an extraordinary impulse to trade.
Yesterday after mass his Majesty transacted busi- " H. HOLLAND.
that the had even secured his conquests __.,,,,e.__
mistletoes submitted on terms, and its custody, or conqueror
ness with the Duke de Richelieu. " Brandenburph Howse, August 7, 1821."- The Paris Papers of Setorday Lave arrived. In
by that exterminuting policy with which William
military occupatiote was given up to the Anglo- At nine o'clock yesterday evening, Monsieur,
It was a little before twelve o'clock last night addition to its other misfortunes, the city of IN.
the Norman so cruelly oppressed the Saxons. So Madanie, and the Duke d'Angouleme, walking in
Normans, together with two cantreds of laud ad- charted has been visited by an earthquake, ie
1,400 houses have been destroyed.
when the above melancholy iutelligence was re- •
effectually did William crush the power of flia new , the Park, went to view the bell at St. Cloud. Their
ceived
josiii lig, v here their unmixed descendants are seated at Cambridge House. A crowd amounting
whaic'ilve per Cent. Consols, 86 f. 15 C. ; Bank A-.
at this day. Dermot further secured Ins fared ii subjects, by confiscating their estates and property, Royal Highnesses walked twice round, and ad-
times, 1,527 f.
dressed themselves to several who were engaged in to shout 200 well-dressed person", men and women, and transferring them to his Norman followers,
friends in his interest by a subsray in money, •nd it. Among them was N. David, son of the French were then waiting for the arrival of the Bulletin, --
,ring...•••••••e•,••.. that it may be questioned if it this day a single
An Evening Print of yesterday announced le. I .. ' successful in ruduciug to obedience several of Consul at Smyrna. Tbe Duke de Dainits pre-
sonic of' them in front of the house of Alderman
following reductions in the army ili.played ,i, int- ;.-, * '9
family exist of Saxon dereeet possessed of the sensed him to Monsieur. His Royal Hight:less ad-
... 4 ins revolted Chiefs, be entered Imo a treaty with 'm
WOOD, soil the rest opposite Cambridge House.
estates of their ancestors. Certain it 1., that all diseased some fluttering expressions• to him on the - the titular Monarch of Ireislid for the formal eerieems' news its the most consincuotis menet,' : ; .
the Nubility of England, mid the moot part, but courageour conduct displayed by his father iu the As the bearer of the Bulletin drove up to the door -ii Two regimeuts of cavalry are to be disbanied,•is. NW
Leitrim of his kingdom of Leiuster, but the negoc. la. Levatit. or the latter, they all pressed around him, eagerly 18th mid 19th Light Dragoons.
trot all, of the Nobility of Ireland, are of Nor-
. e tion at that time failed. a Two troupe are to be reduced in each of the rearainitig
VIENNA, JULY 24. inquiring what news.—The answer, " Dead," ex-
''. man origin ; but notwithstanding a state of war- regiments.
Meanwhile Maurice Fitzgerald, the ancertor of Ca resin Jordseki after havie sur 'need
I t g I end cited a hese •groan ;
fare for four centuries in the latter country, more dispersed a small corps of Turkish troops, appears s
ho:sTofw;comGpanides aredto he reduced io each of the bans.
' the Noble House or Leinsler, lauded with reiriforce-
. 'than half the lauded property remained in posses.. to lieve directed his march towards Russia. The and many burst into tears. Some flattering them-
" Tho °or
Lc rareducatenou it:liter atenr)o. aofu:bleolAidstnt 12,000,0 E.
. . . went* at Wexford, upon which the confederates
t ' sion of the motive Chi Turks ere coucentratin in the environs of Bache- t selves that the account was not authentic observed errs eftains at the period of the g . , and men.
lA • marched to Dublin, a considerable city even II
1 Reformation.rA It! 1 ioug i a greater calamity cannot rest. They have committed horrible cruelties its that the Bulletin wet a copy, the signatures not
being This news has been repeated over and over regain a.i....1
,r flio.: times. Slid likewise inhabited by °semen, or •
it. they have left in the hand-writing of the several physiciuns whose in the public press. The Print that has made the
possibly befit] an independeut nation than to be
s Danes. ..It. surreudered as Wexford did, on terms there have been barbarously mutilated • , the have wonderful discovery of its novelty, must have been
4 forced to submit to the laws of a conqueror, yet it y names are subscribed •; but this doubt only 'hewed
cut off their noses and ear.,' -of espetulalions either hoaxed or means to hoax its readers. --r I may so happen then their posterity now lie benefit. It is Asserted that the prncipal head-quarters of the reluctance of the parties to credit the fact.
I ' Thus was the King of (enlister reestablished in ed by it—uf which the present state of England is the' Russians is at Tolozin ; that the Emperor The Bulletin was exhibited by the domestic of her Letters—--
I s his dominions, as set with very little fighting or lan illustrious rkemple. The S.ixou laws and lan- Alexander is expected there ; and that his grand MAJESTY, who has been in the habit of attending posed of Aliserine vessels from Odessa state that a squadron, Cow
li
and some ships belong-
hloorished, by the aid of foreign troops certainly, gunge filially triumphed over their.conquerors. ,5
army will be put in motion without any delay,in forthe ii
'lli these were hired for the purpose, jug as our The next English Monarch who visited Ireland case the Porte should reject the propositions
itio,4 of
t. purpose, and to whom the bearer was well ing to the Paella of Egypt, on its way to joie the
Known. Her MAJESTY was CAROLINE AMELIA, Ottoman fleet. has beet defeated, and the greater -0
was Jobs.. He was twice there. The firat time lie Russia.—(Gaxetie de France.)
daughter of CHARLES WILLIAM FIRDINARD, .. tl
Covenant:id took fereign troops tutu their pay and part captured by the Greek fleet cruising between)
followed the advice and example of hie young JULY 28. II
, '.advice des the late wars.
youusellors of .nts*Duke of BRUNSWICK, by her Royal Highness the islands of Candle and Cyprus. Oilirr letter.
couriers, ill preference, like Kilns Relsobpauo to It is rumoured that the Austrian Cabinet has f But the ambition of Stronebeer, who was the that of the suite
•Irdisszt, andl received an official notification of the declaration AUGUSTA, eldest sister of his late from the same city amanutice that the Turkish ! • '
• • •
most gracious fleet has left the Dardanelles. a
; . , • I
~!. a; 4 ,A Min
ill Rid ipl , :::./7114 .4.71! .r.rl ,e• ‘c 9 0 4./ —: .5,1 !iv . , ..,
... I .
4 . • • * .
h . "-- 7:71.7.-- -7.- • .i..*. I-77 --=-7.--"77.77-71?"7."'rr'r*. VIRIMEHERNMEIVISIMIEW - -
,- ' • :.-, A 41:'
• I .
14.. *
,• „ •
A .
• . -.. .
41111011111.1 Aar'
•- - .• ;•
.0%
A•._. _ . _ .
._ . . • • Mk%,.
