DUTCH AND FLANDERS MAILS.

lanusett.4, Maw 24. •
The German Journal, give frightful (loads of ibe dansagri.
done by the tempest* on the 19th April, near Kretsignack;
in Prussia, and on the 3,1 May. at Querfurth, in Saxony.
The torrent* of rain which accompanied them destroyed
groat unmlter of buildings and mills, tote up trees br *Si
roots, carried away carriages and horses, drowned wheld.
Rocks of ►hcep, and dtitro)cd in many districts all hopes of
harvest.

1111111 Z, taa• 9.
The Spanish Minister in Switzerland has communicated.
to the presiding Canton the Decree of the Cortes, sanctioned
by the kingdom. By this Deese,' she cepitsaation is abolish-
ed, as not suitable to the present system of 'government whirls
requires the greatest economy is all brunette of the public.
expenditure. The Minister obsetses, tl., the wish of the
nation is expressed in the Decree to be united with the rr-
maitu the Swiss regiments; and be proposes
•to these
brave men to he naturalised ssd accept the rights of Spanish
citizens.

GERMAN PAPERS.

-

VIENNA, MAY 13.
It is reported that General Latour, aho has per.
formed must eminent services to the Royal Family
of Sardinia, is about to leave Sardinia, and to re-
tire into the Austrian dominion,. It is mentioned
as a retur', that he had promised amnesty to the
rebels at Turin and Alexandria ; which, however,
was afterwards refused by the King Charles Felix,
ut Modena.

DARMSTAbT, NAY 1.
The Assembly of the States his reduced the ex-
pense of ou► military establishment by 300,000
florins annually. Instead of four regiments we ;ire
to have only three, including the guards; one of
cavalry. kulf a company of artillery, and a com-
pany of sappers. The Grand Duke's civil list is
not indeed reduced ; but all those indiviiluils who
were paid by it must contribute in future io:the tax
on salaries and pensions, which was not the case
ho hertn.

Among the remarkable subjects characterising
the spirit of our legislation that have been discussed
in the A k•embly of the States, is the proposal first
brought forward in the Second Chamber for the total
abolition of the penalties hitherto in force in the
Grand Duchy, es well as in most of the States of
Germany, against fornication. In the debate on
this subject an addition was approved, forbiddint
for the future all inquiries respecting paternity, in
the same manner as in the French Civil Code. The
motion and the additional article were adopted
after mature and long discussion in the Second
Chamber, and having parsed the First Chamber.
and received the Grand Duke's sanction, ham been
returned with a Message from the Grand Duke to
the Second Chamber, which has now adopted it as
a law. dsartram",,impui
11111rdlies MAT 111. 4
According to a statement of the Steadier of pets,
sons who have died of hydrophobia in the Prussia'
dominions in the last tea years they amounted to
I,666.—(Froakfort Papers, May 21.)
NUREMBERG, MAY 17.
It is affirmed that the Emperor Alexander host a
great desire to visit Italy, at least for a few wt,
but gave up this tour because important arm
rendered his speedy return to St. Petersburgh ad-.
cessury. It is seated, however, that his Majesty,
when he leaves Warsaw, will go to the frontier
provinces of Russian Poland, au order to inspect
those divisions of his army which were intended
to march to Italy. but which have now received
counter-orders. The future destination of *SO

. . •
f
A

~.
r_~

_

I

t
;~ 4

corps will not be known till after lb, arrival of
the Emperor.

Accounts from Stockholm say that the Nor-
'region Diet, uow sitting at Christiania, has not
yet come to any final resolution respecting the
Convention with Denmark, for the payment of
the debt due from Noma, to that Power. The
Omission was expected-bi *ski II ivory sitting;
some vote for the psyment of the debt, but cannot
agnate about the means; others offer to recognise
tow debt, but say nothing about the time of pay.
meat; a third party thinks that this debt of three
►aillions of dollars, Newburgh banco money, ought
to be paid by Sweden, or by the King himself out
of his own pocket, because Sweden derived such
advantages from the Union, that it may well bear
tt.is pecuniary sacrifice. This pretension is the
more unfounded, as only 50,000 Norwegian viz
dollars are paid from the revenue of Norway into
the Swedish Treasury, half to the Foreign Deport-
ment, and half to the Naval Department. The
King, it seems, is very determided to urge the
Diet to the punctual execution of the Convention
concluded with Denmark.
FRANKFORT MAY 30.

Last night died th. Prince of Hesse Rotben-
burg, formerly Lieutenant-General in the French
service, in hie 70th par.
11. Alopaus, formerly Russian Ambassador to
several Court,, died here on the 17th, at a very
advanced age.

CIRCULAR from COUNT NESSELRODE.

FRANKFORT, MAY 22.

We have good grounds for believing in the au-
thenticity of a circular dispatch addressed from
Laybach to the Legations of his Majesty the Em-
peror of All the Russia. at Foreign Courts ; and
we communicate, with confidence, this interesting
document to our readers :
•• Sta.—lt is now precisely a year since we found
ourselves under the neces.ity of making known the
principles which the Emperor had resolved to fol-
low with respect to States which, to the calamity of
experiencing a criminal and violent revolution,
should add that of sanctioning its fatal cootie-
uences.

" Since that period, and from the date of the
opening of the conferences at Troppau and Lay-
hack, our successive communications must hare
demonstrated to all the Ministers and Agents of the
Emperor at Foreign Courts, not only that the
principles of his Imperial Majesty would not vary,
but further, that our august Master would be al-
Ways ready to concur, by all the means in his
power, in the success of the measures which he had
agreed upon with his Allies, iu the general interest
for the repose of Europe.
" By our Circular of the 47th of February (11th
March), we informed you that, in consequence of
the determinations entered into upon this point by
his Imperial Majesty, lie had decided to prolong
Its stay near his Imperial and Royal Apostolic
Majesty, notwithstanding the close of the Congress
•t Laybaels.
" Our dispatches of the ails (510th) March, very
soon sheaved to you that the foresight of the Em-
peror had been hut too completely justified, and
that, faithful to his promises, Russia, at the re-
guest of Austria, and the legitimate Sovereign of
the kingdom of Sardinid, had marched an army of
100,900 men, in order to avert the calamitous and
too pi obable effects of the military revolt which had
just broken out in Piedmont.
" Auspicious events have succeeded those which
the artificers of troubles and of discord provoked.
Every thing authorises us to hope that order will be
effectually re-ettablithed in the States of his Sardinian
Majesty.. The Royal Government there has availed
itself of 'the proximity of the Lombardo-Venetian
kingdom ; sod it is the temporary assistance of a
corps of occupation, composed of Austrian troops,
which it has required to restore to Piedmont the
enjoyment of an internal, secure, and solid peace.
" All our wishes seek this great and salutary re-
sult; but as tte measure of safety which it re-
quires, sod which the Sardinian Government itself
has solicited, is about to become the object of a
direct arrangement between Sardinia and Austria,
under the guarantee of the Allied Courts ; and as
the presence of our troops would be henceforth
smelt.% the order to retrograde has already been
dispatched to theta. On the other hand, the more
the resolution to make thetas operative was energe-
tie, the more salutary and useful has been the Ml-
preasion produced solely by the intelligence that
they were in movement, and the more essential is
it in the eyes of the Emperor that all the Cabinets
If Europe should know and uppreciste the serious

first place, the moral support of her allies. The
sincere friend of his Imperial, Royal, and Apostolic '
Majesty, and convinced. like that august Mo-
narch, of the evils which would awe niece inundate
the world, if the disregard of ell duties should ob.
tain the apology of • lasting triumph, the Emperor
espoused, with sincerity, a cause which his con-
science told him was that of Europe, of laws, and
of treaties. He did more. As an intimate union
has been established, by solemn acts, between the
European Powers, the Emperor offered to his allies
the aid of his arms, is case new commotion. should
excite the dread of new dangers. We have already
seen how the anticipations of his Imperial Majesty
have been verified. Sectarians acting in the dark-
ness which they so much needed to veil their
guilty projects, excited in Piedmont an insurrection
which might, by its consequences, retard the pro.
gees. of good in the Two Sicilies, and. by compro.
Inning the army, which was then advancing upon Na-
plea, encourage revolt throughout the whole Penin-
sula. Already alarming symptoms justified disquie-
tode for other countries; and from that moment the
Russian troops were bound to march. They, in
fact, did march—not to extend the power of Rus-
sia, or to make the slightest itafringement upon the
bounds of territorial possesion, guaranteed to all the
Governments of Europe by the Treaties conclud-
ed since 1814, but to succour the Allies of the
Emperor; and ti►is, as we have said above, at the
ewes. solicitations of his Imperial, Royal, ■nd
Apostolic Majesty, and of his Royal Highness the
Duke de Getievois. They marched, not to over-
throw institutions which have emanated from legi-
timate authority, but to ',resent insurrection from
usurping a power which would be a universal
scourge. Finally, they snatched, not to obstruct
the developement of public prosperity in any State
whatever, but to further the re-establishment of
order in countries where the workings of evil men
had ultimately rendered the assistance of a foreign
force indispensable.

" Such has been, each will always be, the sole
intention of the Emperor, should he ever find him-
self again under the necessity of putting his armies
in motion. No burden would have resulted from
their march, or from their temporary presence.
They would have traversed peaceably the immense
space which separated them from Italy; and as soon
as the object was attained, fur which two Monarchs
solicited their aid, the Emperor would have issued
his orders for them to return to their country.
41 We ars justified, therefore, in repeating and
affirming, that never did the love of war, never the
ambitious thought of exercising the exclusive in-
fluence in the councils of other Monarchs, or upon
the destinies of people confided by Providence to
their care, direct the policy of his Imperial Ma-
jesty.

" Irrefragable facts now attest the sincerity of
this language.
44 Malevolence ascribed to Russia hostile views
with regard to the Porte. Disturbances manifested
themselves in Wallachia and Moldavia ; and our
conduct, as well as our declarations, have shewn
that we are determined to observe the rights of
nations and the faith of treaties in our relations
with the Turkish Government.

"They were pleased, afterwards, to insinuate,
that we had abandoned our projects against Turkey,
to invade the western territories of Europe. A
signal contradiction has confounded the authors of
these odious accusations ; and the march of our
armies, supported and maintained by all the
strength of the empire, has been stopped the
moment we were certainly assured that the legiti-
mate Government had recovered the plenitude of
its authority in the kingdotn of Sardinia.

" Thus, Sir, it is with the confidence of having
fulfilled the duties of • friend and of an ally—it is
with the determination of always fulfilling those
duties, and the consoling persuasion of having con-
tributed to the tranquillity of Italy •nd of Europe,
that the Emperor is about to quit Laybech.
" He will set otf on the Ist (13th) May, and will
proceed to St. Petersburgll, by way of Warsaw,
happy to lead his assistance to his allies if it should
become necessary—more happy still to enjoy for a
long future the spectacle or a pesce, the blessings
of which Russia feels, and in the maintenance and
consolidation of which she is interested as much as
any other Power.
" The political system of onr august Master not
being destined to undergo any change, all his Minis-
ters and agents will continue to follow and to execute
the general instructions which they have hitherto
received.

The present Circular will regulate their language
with reppeet to the events of *lnch it treats, and the
Emperor even authori,es you. Sir, to 'nuke known
told deliver a ropy of it to the Governr 11 to which

PRIV4TR CORRESPONDENCE.

Extract from the letter of a Gentlemen who
recently travelled through France and Spain to
Madrid.

MADRID, MAY 14, 1821.
Upon my passing over the river Bidauoa, which
forms the limits between France and Spain, I ex-
perienced, as I expected, every sort of attention,
politeness', and urbanity, from the Spaniards, and
the Parisians who accompanied me were treated in
• manner which astonished them, by the unculti-
vated natives of the Ppenecs, who, in my contem-
plation, gave • lesson of true politeness and of
hospitality to the vain and hypocritical Parisians.
_ _

I found the province of Burgos in a state of in-
surrection, which has been wholly and altogether
excited, fomented, and carried on by discontented
friars, curates, canons, and by a bishop or two.
This insurrection has been conducted by the Cura
Merino, who is alto a canon of the cathedral of
Valencia ; his party, consisting of upwards of two
thousand men, including more than four hundred
churchmen, all armed, has been destroyed, and I
may say massacred by the „national t►oops. com-
manded by Don Juan Martin, alias el Empecinado,
and by Alexander O'Donnell. At Cadiz, Cartha-
gene, Commis, and at other places, hundreds of
people, disaffected to the Constitution, have been
arrested and imprisoned at the instance and strong
solicitations of the Patriots at said places, alleg-
ing that the Judiciary and Executive Governments
were altogether omissive in the administration of
justice, and extremely partial to the enemies of
the Constitution ; thus the people have in a large
degree taken into their own hands the administra-
tion of justice, which would certainly be an enor-
mous evil in any other country that I know except
Spain; but in this extraordinary country it has
produced no disorder svhatuever. In corroboration
of this assertion, whirl► is literally true, one of
his Majesty's Chaplains, named Don de Vinuma,
framed a plan for destroying the Constitution, for
re-establishing despotism on its ancient basis, fur
decapitating, banishing, and punishing the Libe-
rale., and got this plan privately printed and com-
municated to his partisans throughout the king-
dom; but before he and those connected with him
could execute this project, lie was arrested, impri-
soned, and all his schemes found in his own hand-
writing and in print ; set notwithstanding that
the most positive and irrefragable proofs of the de-
linquency of said Witten existed and were ex-
hibited against him, the Judge only condemned
him on the morning of the 3d instant to ten
years confinement at Ceuta. This decree exas-
perated all the inhabitants of this city to such a
degree, that on the same day, at o► about three
o'clock in the afternoon, they•tumultuously forced
the guard of the prison in which said culprit was
lodged, broke open the doors thereof, and tore him
to pieces. This set being effected, every thing was
tranquil, no person was molested, and every thing
remained quiet and peaceable as if nothing had
happened ; but the King, who, according to the
public opinion, was interested in saving the life of
said Vinuesa, manifested the strongest symptoms of
alarm, fear, and irritation, at the catastrophe, and or.
dered cannon to be placed around his palace. But his
apprehensions, whether real or pretended, were dis-
sipated on the fourth day of this month, the artillery
was removed, and he appeared in the public walks,
receiving the applause of the people ass Constitu-
tional King, and continues to do so. Thus these
affairs, which may probably be paicted in other
colours in your London Miniaterial Papers, hure
terminated, the Insurgents have been quelled and
eradicated in all parts of the kingdom, and the
universal voice of the people seems to prevail every
where. But, my dear friend, this is not the case
in France, the voice of the people in that unhappy
country is not attended to, they are all in the
most abject state of slavery, and they candidly
confess that they are so, which is a confession infi-
nitely more than could be possibly expected frost►
the vanity and hauteur of Frenchmen. This
country, iii my opinion. will sustain its own laws and
Constitution, provided an other country interferes
with it. and iu the event that and• country or couns
tries shall, it will defend itself with dignity, en-
thusiasm, and bravery.

lONIAN-ISLANDS.

CORFU, APRIL ea.

[EXTRACT FROM A PRIVATE LEIMR.]
It WO, in consequence of one of those tusuks
which caused the revolt against the Tarquin. iu
Rome, and that of Wit Tyler in London, that the
insurrection broke out in the Island of Candia.
The I Ar killed by the offended fr

was to distribute amongst all the cities of the
Peninsula a proclamation addressed to the Turks,
in which it guaranteed to them the security of
their persons and property, freedom of worship, and
equality in the eye of the law. But the return the
Munilinen made to this generous act was, a mas-
sacre of Christian old men, women, and children.
The Greeks then retaliated.

A part of the troops from Munia directed their
march upon the Isthmus of Corinth, to get pos-
session that important point; but they found it
already occupied by a Patriot Monk, named Gre-
gorius, who, traversing the country with the cross
io his baud, had, by force of an appeal to religion
and patriotism, united 6,000 men uuder his com-
mand.

A most obstinate engagement took place before
the city of Amyli, of which the Greeks have made
themselves masters. They lost 800 and the Turks
5,000 men. An English Colonel, who happened
to be present at tbe battle, says that the Greeks
displayed much skill, and an acquaintance with
military mantouvres, which there was little reason
to expect.

A reinforcement of Turks marched from Lepanto
to Patras. The Greeks were for a moment sue.
prised by their unexpected arrival ; bat when they
came to an engagement, the Tooke were completely
beaten, a few only evcaped and took refuge in the
fortress.

The insurrection has spread rapidly from the
Mores to the neighbouring province,, and gains
ground every day. The inhabitant, of Attica, de-
termined to conquer or die, have sent their women
and old men to the islands of Salami, and Egine.
The insurrection has diffused itself throughout
Emile end Phocie.

The Armatolis of Acarnania, of Agraphe, and
Southern Thesesly, have met at Paradise, where
they have bound themselves by the must soletun
oaths not to lay down the sword for • moment till
they have purged their country fron► the barbarians
who pollute it. In consequence of this engage-
ment, they have distributed themselves in different
posts; the largest body of them have taken posses-
sion of the defiles of Pinde.

This important position gives greet support to
Ali in reducing the Turkish army centoned in Epi-
rus; since, from the natural sterility of the soil in
Epirus, and the failure of the crops last year, they
can p►ocure provisions from Thessely alone, this
army will be reduced to starvation in a short time,
and be forced to surrender to those whom it me-
naced some weeks before. The Suliotes have al-
ready gained some advantages over the Turks.
They every instant receive fresh reinforcements from
the interior of Epirus, Acarnania, &c.
The Turks are in still greeter embarrassment on
that coast, as their fleet, which cruised along the
shores of Epirus, has become altogether useless to
them. The fear that the sailors would make them-
selves masters of the vessels, and deliver them up
to the Gads, lies compelled them to take refuge
in the port of Humnitza, opposite Corfu. How.
ever it is by no menus in safety there, since the
vessels from Hydra, Species, and i'sitra, have
united and obstruct its passage.
An engagement, it is said, lies token place near
Larissa. The Greeks, under tile orders of Gazis,
gained a decisive advantage.
The Montenegrins are already engaged with the
Paella of Scodra. By that means they keep all
Uppe► Albania in check, and prevent him front
obstructing the movements of Ali Pasha, who,
with thirty-six guns, is to possession of an raillery
superior to that of the Sultan.
A woman from Spe,•ies, whose husband has been
put to death under the Government of Constan-
tinople, has taken upon herself the whole expense
of an armament of seven vessels. She embarked
on board the fleet in man's attire; and taking her
son by the hand, she exclaimed, " My son, let us
die or avenge ►he death of your lother."—llea
name is Robelina.

MINORITY
Who voted fora Redaction is the Barrack Depssinwall
May `2S.
.........—.
Aswan, Hon. G. Grattan, J. Newel's'. N. W.
Bennett, H. G. Griffith, J. W. Parnell, Sir H.
Bright, H. Hams J. Portman, T. R.
Parham, J. F. Heron, Sir R. Rice, S.
Haughey, Sir J. Harbure. C. Smith, Hon. R.
Calvert, N. Langston, J. H. Smith, John
Crervey, T. Moore, P. Tierney, Rt. Hon.G.
Colborne, R. hlallwrly. J. Williams. W.
Denman. T. Martin. John TCLLER.
Evvoia, W. Newport, Sir .1. Davies, T. H.
Ferguson. Sir R.

MINORITY
Fora Redaction of 80,0001. i■ the Miscellaneous Fatima'''.
May 28.

Allen. J. I. H. Gordon, R. Powlei*, Hoe. W.
A. 11.111, Hoo.G. Grafter', J. Pryor', Pryee
Astell, Won. Grant, J. P. Portman, E. D.
Harlem, J. F. Griffith, J. W. Plumber, J.
Doughty, Sir J. F. Gurr Sir W Hobart- "

'I4IF, BRITISH PRESS.

LONDON,
WEDNESDAY, MAY ao, IV2I.

The Paris Papers of Saturday last have brought
us a copy of a Declaration pu'olished in the name
of the Courts of Austria, Prussia, and liu.sia, un
the close of the Congress at Layhach. 'Else De-
claration commences by ►eferring to the ivell-known
resolution of the Allied Sovereigns to suppress the
spirit of liberty ist every part of Europe where oil-
happily their influence could be felt. This design.
in the more courtly language of the Declaration, tr
represented as a resolution to suppcess
enu•pira-
cies, and to terminate disorders which nlciLi,:rd tin•
existence of general peace. It then proceeds to
say, that at the very moment wino their ileneroup:
objects were accomplished in the ktog;:otit of
plea, a rebellion of a still muse odious character
burst forth in Piedmont. It further tells us that.
the plan of a general subversion was prepared;
and that every where the !residence exhila:ted the
same character; every where one uniform spirit tif-
rected these baneful revolutions.

These representations now made by the Allied
Courts confirm a statement which has already been
given to the world, that in the opinion of the Si-
vereigns the seventh revolutions in Spain. Portio2,-8!.
Naples, and Piedmont, were not the I ated acts of
certain persons within the respective countries, but
that they all proceeded from one grand conspiracy,
comprehending the active partisans of revolution in
the several countries, and governing the actions of
the various parts of the system by a reference to the
probability of general success. If the Sovereign,
be really impressed with the truth of this represeo-
tenon, they have not acted consistently in suffering
the conspirators to maintain their acquisitions iii
Spain and Portugal, and to set at proud defiance
the resolution taken by the Allied Sovereigns to
suppress conspiracies. It would puzzle their Ma-
jesties to draw any valid distinction between the
revolution in Spain and that in Naples, and it is
quite evident from their own words that the recasts
in Spain and Portugal are not absent from their
minds while they speak of the disorders that
menaced the general peace—of the plan that
was formed for a general subversion—and of
the uniform spirit that directed these baneful
revolutions. Their Majesties, therefore, in out:
tering the triumph of the Spaniards and Portu-
guese to pass unpunished, debar themselves of the
right to boast of their success in suppressing
conspiracies, or to speak about the uniformity of
the principle which they represent as governing
their general conduct. Their proceedings pore
only one principle, which is the safe one, of tramp-
ling upon the weak and venerating the power-
ful, and to this principle they have adhered,
even though it permitted in the cases of Spain
and Portugal the triumphs of those generous
sentiments of freedom which ere so utterly hostile
to their notions of good government. Na man in
the world can doubt that if Spain and Portugal were.
as accessible to the troops of Austria and Russia
es were Naples until Piedmont, or offered an equal
promise of successful aggression, those countries
should have experienced the same measure of
vengeance as we have seen poured upon the less
fortunate nations of Italy.
The motives imputed to the revolutionists of
the Spanish and Italian Peninsulas in this Decla-
ration are not %emoted by the occurrences or spirit
of the revolutions. There is no pretence for
saying, that in their eyes the salutary empire of
the laws was a yoke which must be destroyed.
The empire of the laws is acknowledged
Spain and Portugal, nor was it denied during the
short continuance of the Revolutionary Government
of Naples. The royal power is recognised—a
legislative authority is established—the laws that
protect persons-and property are not abrogated—
and. if unhappily in Spain violence against both has
been perpetrated, the fault does not rest with the
revolusiouists, but with an imbecile or a traitorous
government.

The Declaration informs us that the allied'
troops iii Italy hove been placed in suitable posi.
tions, solely for the purpose of protecting the free
exercise of legitimate authority. and that the people
of the several countries wherein they are stationed
regard the employment of these troops as a support
in favour of their liberty. This letter assertion
draws somewhat too largely upon the credtilit:.
the world ; we are ieguired to believe that t:
Austrians eye hailed by the people of Italy as tlit

not
rt.

, . . .
Roughey, Sir J. F. Guise, Sir W. Hobart., A. guardian angels oral the preservers of their freedom
..... . • - and slower a copy or it to the Government to which I The criminal Aga was killed by the offended foe
the Benet*, John Heron, Sir R Rubaits G.
.. .• .. ' • , . . ed his Imperial Majesty
The term " Austin:li" is uniformly used throughou
you are accredited, &c. I titer, and that vengeance became Ilia signal! for Barran, S. M. Harbord, Hon. E. R•rwley, Sir W.
• ,
Benyour, H.
. .
1' ! feergikm! • rid intim ...(Signed) " NasSSI.RoDS. missacre a all Niusulmen. The Turks have been Hill, Lord A. Runabold, C.
:inch, Jos.
la Hume! J. Itice,.T. S. all Italy as eynonimous with ', enemy," and i
,-/- i • lons vs ?r. e 5 1 -we • ialoiegliNhe ': 4 LaYbach, 2gia MIIIIII (Mb of May), 1821.”
i driven from all quarters of the island, and the roughest., . Huichin.on, HOD. Bickford, W. constantly employed in strifes and brawls, to ex.
01 N. yrue •- . ... is asserted that Austria also expedited, on the
Greeks are masters of all the strong holds. Bright, H. C. H. Smith, Hos. R. press in the strongest manner the frt hugs of !titre(
'ait.; • ''''!:':' . elf 011 Ages andl4bontriesowarass • a Circular of similar teuour to all its
Bury, Vise. Johnson, Colonel Smith, J. and contempt ft the speaker. Dot the inconsis.
.t. gents at foreign Courts. In the Morea the signal of insurrection has been ataloaer. It. Jervoise, G. P. Smith, W.
b .us '
.•., aim eltwhiA form the inevilthlte lesin
given by the Maniotrs, reinforced, without the Carter, J. Lemuel, T. B. Smith, R. teney of the Declaration betrays ittt•lf. It is no
.Cacovendish, H. Lualtington, Dr. Taylor, M. A.
1.4 m%) •7(11-. . a'' r 'on. But last year, these , -.* ~• .." i 5-'''`. --. 5 knowledge of the Turkish Government. by a great probable that an army maiiitained in the counts
iii•ierreite wereredniternniNl; Canis- On the
inl3tl
,st. the neighbourhood of Chipping
u, L. Lester, B. L. Tierney, Rt. Hs. G.
estershire, was visited by violent number of Greeks from Bloke and other countaiee, Crompton, S. Moberly, J. Tremayar, J. H. solely for the purpose of protecting the free ex.
I ' iiiialreii ilhch tither whir's, appalling ra- "bun'
thunder and glitning. At Gorton, Mr. JOHN who united their. fame at that point during the excevel, T. Macdonald, J. Tennyson, C. crcise of legitimate authority, should be regarde
c
'ONW.
a. • s4ollll*-41elitelidtlitA54 eirittl44l the clangs-Pr
winter to the number of 25,000 man. The greater Wharton, John
' j , if. • - 'IN .- HEED had a iYig struck dead ; and ut Yoe, at •
• - . .dxatepre.lxtßeeofe;tterself, thetnea. Ptirtfter A t.o.wilex, a large ball of tire was seen to
' 4 /.... . ,
cocallhorr. Hon. F. Mania, J.
'belt, P. Milbank, N.
part of sthe officers have served in the armies of Dec4"P'SPY-sirW• Milton, Lord
oDeeinvinieist:
I,T. H. Moore, P. Whitbread, S. C
Williams, w. by the people with feelings of sytupathy, or regard-
ed as the protectors of their freedom. These oh-
,
t• r• ohic„.,"tidd thlll"earfre of the ectivitroT 101 l by *terra' persons; it struck the bark itt pieces
other European stations ; the principal are, Colo- Wood, Alderman .
• .. .
I ;on) several trees, slig-htly daMeged die wall of the
T. Newman, R. W. Wilson, Sir R. jeers are in their nature incompatible; and who
I P t 11.31110 t men ell Iftfjs with aletterel con-
hostel broke the window of the dairy, which . per.. cotrone, Chrysospathe, Audrutin, Ulysses, and Dancanson, Vise. Newport, Rt. Hon. Whitmore, W. W. that understands the signification of the free ex-
* 55, brlll ottil`A uellfrerNeing alsortion-bf her [fro- •
son he'd but a few minutes before left,. then ex- Peron, Prince of Mania. Evans, W. Sir J.
ercise of legitimate authority, as applied to dr-
iliplD II immilint peril,"eleimed, in the Ow*. Ferguson, Slr R. C. Palmer, C. F. TELLIfiI.
ie>t es et 4 , 'as. The first Care of the Provisional Government. Fitsroy, Lord C. Parnell, Sir H. &anew, Hu. H. G. spotic governments in general, and to the govern.
ioW ...44 ; . : 1c...
• • • r- .t 51, mos-. 4 -7 ,
* , 41 •.' p" I ''-soo'
..
..,..x. .4. -,
+- .
