THE BRITISH PRESS.

The Rev. )17. GIAUAK returned thaeks in the following
worde:—

.._.__.—
" Mr. Chairman—The pining task of utilising thanks for
this burst of enthusiastic feeling towards unr illustrious Primate
and the Church of Ireland devolves to a very humble indivi-
dual; indeed, to ore utterly unknown to his Grace, and con-
netted with the Church only by length of entice in a lowly
station, and by the most ardent artachtnent to her bonsur and in-
terest. I shall not,therefore, presume to descent upon the Lord Pri-
mate's merits, any further than by (Miming that they art in full
accordance with the well known principles of the noble family
from which he has sprung, and which have gained for lift Orme
and for them the unbounded confidence and affection of the Pro-
testants of Ireland; hut with respect to the Church over which
his Grace, so happily for her interests, presides-14%0M as that '
Church has been by the united calumny of bigots and infidels, 1
cannot forego this opportunity of speaking. The scorn of the. en-
believer, the object of the Jealousy of an unworthy rivals that
Church bits, by God's blessing, not only stood the dangerous
trial of prosperity, iftit passed over the fiery mica) of adversity,
• whole and undefiled," like the faith which she inculcates. Libe-
ral endowment, and princely nurture, have no: prevented her from
transmitting to us a sound creed with an unpolluted liturgy, and
the flames which have been kindled by unhallowed hands for
, the destruction of our Zion. have (vomited only as upon fine gold,
sending her forth front the furnace putter and more resplendent
than ever. Let us but cnntrist, Mr. Chairman, the light in i
, which the character of our calumniated Prelatea, including the i
Learned Archbishop of aulilin and our own Noble Diocesan, who
so happily vinditatril our slandered character before the Parlia-
memory Committees of the last :session; let us, I say. contrast
that light with thee' darkness t ibible, in the testimony of Popish
' Titulars, and behold upon the one tide the dignified characteristics
of learned Militias prelates, and on the other. the crafty involu-
tions and shortsighted cunning of illiterate clowns, Invested with i
a character *Lich they are unable to ,ustain, end yielding to the
indents of that vulgar antipathy, which ignorance invariably
cherishei against impeder intelligence. This ow,trast, Gentlemen.
, existed not without Its effect upon the concentrated intelligence of
1 the first Christian nation upon earth ; and if it wanted any thing
to produce present aohnowledged revulsion in public opittion in
Great Britain, in 'favour of Ore Established Church of Ireland,
the deffelency has been supplied by the vicious and ungrateful con-
duct of the Irish demagogues, the fury of the vulture with the
'wings, end the abominable blasphemy of that Benson of discord,
who, on a recent occasion, has endeavoured to convince a deluded
portion of our population that they are the alavesof worse than
Egyptian taskmasters, and, like the captive Israelites of old, are
sitting in bondage by the waters of Babyloo. But„ Sir, if they ore
in slavery, it is to a superstiiion from *hich nothing but the grace
of God, beaming upon their own darkened minds, can free them.
If they drink of the bitter we' era of Babylan, it bionly because
they contemptuously reject the living slaters of the gospel foun-
tain. and prefer the interest of a worldly faction to the safety of
their immortal souls. As for us, Sir, and for mein particular, we
entertain no personal hostility to them—we would gladly share
with them every political privilege which we enjoy, if we thought
we could do co with safety to ourselves, or even to them ; and I
do solemnly protest, I do not Mink I could enjoy the happiness of
heaven itself, if I could there recollect that so great a portion of
my beloved countrymen had perished everlastingly."
" Colonel Blacker, and the Protestant interest."—Three times
tbree—(thunclers of applause.) " Croppies lie Down."
Colonel Bracx En said be should be the most insensible of
men were he nut feelingly alive to the honour of being clasiod
among dime whom the citizens of Derry were pleased to distinguish
by their recognition on such au occasion. Having spent his youth
in Derry, he had been early trained in the principles of the Pro-
testant Constitution ; they had been the rule of his life hitherto,
and he should maintain them to the latest moment of his ex-
istence. _

" The Leatit.r Aprons of Londonderry." (Long.continued
plaudits.) "No Surrender."
" The Lord Bishop of Derry". (Drunk with the greatest ap-
plause.) Three tifflCA three.
Mr. GRAHAM returned thanks.
Sir 11. FERGU7:4ON gave the health of the worthy Chairman,
Mr. Hill, which was received, as it always has been, with the
greatest enthusiasm. " Hearts of Oak."
Mr. Hitt. returned thanks., and obttrred that, as the present
company was expected by &large body of their fellow.ci:irens In
the (:ourt.house, he was under the necessity of omitting many
toasts which he had upon his list, and intended to propose them,
hut he could not omit giving the heulths of the worthy Baronets.
Sir H. Ferguson and -Sir R. Bateson, together with that of his
own croupier. James Gregg, Esq.. the steady and uncompromising
advocate of the best interests of the empire at large, and the City
of Londonderry In particular. (Received with the most enthu-
siastic plaudits.)
These Gentlemen severally returned thanks.
Sir R. FERGESSON proposed the health of Barrio Beresford,
Eaq. who has been uniformly distinguished fur his independence
of spirit. (Great cheering.)
The party now adjourned to the Court-house, where. as we have
already stated, a vast concourse of the citizens of every rank was
assembled. On the motion of Mr. Dawson, Mr. Hill was unani-
mously called to the Chair, as the brother of their beloved Repre-
sentative. . .

' Mr. Iftwe, after a neat introductory speech, which we regret our
limits will not permit us to give, proposed the following toasts:—
The King—The Duke of York—The Glorious Memory—The
7th December, 1688—The Ist August, Ifed.
All these toasts were drunk with unequivocal demonstrations of
feeling.
The health of Mr. Dawson was next given.
Mr. Dawsox returned his warmest thanks for the manner in
which they had received his health, and he should, indeed, be
wanting In every feeling of gratitude to them, and respect for him-
self, if he did net attempt to mamas, in the warmest language
which he could commend, the devotion of his heart to their inte-
vests, and the deep sense of obligation which tit: expression of their
favour had conferred upon him. It was usual, on such occasions,
In search our vocabulary fur the strongest expressions of gratitude
sod thanks—some persons, in complying with this custom, do feel
the full force of their own words, and some do not; for their sakes,
he wished that he could command a portion of that eloquence so
liberally granted by Providence to our countrymen, to express
the strong feelings of warm and affectionate hearts; but, if he
failed in eloquence, he brought a mind untutored in deceit, and
in the sentrinents which he was now about to utter, he aimed at
no other ornament than the pure, the unsullied, and irresistible
force of truth. To say that he was proud of their approbation,
and of his connexion with this city, were Out feeble words; he
clung to it as the proudest distinction which can belong to any
man in Ireland, as the best reward that can recompense any lite,
however long and largely devoted to the public service. It ,was
the proudest boast of some sage Of antiquity to have it said of him.
hisduri a lauded° tiro—lt is his (Mr. D.'s) best reward, and his
most animating stimulus to public exertion, that he represented in I
the Parliament of the Empire, the loyal, the constitutional,
the spirited inhabitants of this-portion of the kingdom. Full of
the recollection, of the miseries which his fellow-representatives in
Parliament denounce as pervading other parts of Ireland, he never
approached their beautiful city without feeling. that he belonged to
men of other habits and other pursuits ; in vain he sought for the
lawless ruffian—the midnight assassin—the perjured violater of the
laws, and the associated bands of plunderers and ineendiaries. In
the happy and contemed faces which he saw about-him, he recog-
nised the emblems of love for the laws, and respect for the ester.
blished institutions of the country ; he never walked through their
well-regulated streets without finding an active, industrious, and
intelligent population, proudly erect in the Consciousness of inde-
pendence. and graced with all the civility and court eousness,nhich
the cultivation of the arts and the pursuit, of commerce confer
upon a people; he never visited their walls without a glow of that
enthusiasm which the mcrintain breese and fhe era-born p-ale
I have infused into the hardy eitixens, as their native and peculivv•

v
characteristic for successive centuries. Under such impressions the
coldest heart must be warmed ; the meanest understanding most be
elevated with the value of the gift arising from the confidence of
such men. To betray such a trust would be impossible, for all men
would cry shame upon the renegade, srul to be insensible to the
hoonur of your approbation would be less than human, for in
what part of the empire could be found a more pore, a more
honourable, or more consiitutio:Al and independent expres-
sion of public feeling, thud has been manifested this day ?-:ta
Bar, Gentlemen, on the anniversary of this day we have other'
things to commemorate than the expression of our private feelings
—we are met here so celebrate the gallant and glorious actions of
our ancestors, and our happy deliverance, in consequence of their
exertions, from slavery and superstition. It has been meld. that the
celebration of such events should be abandoned : as for himself, lie
could never acquiesce in such an injunction; ouch advice can
come only from those whose ancestors have left them no gloriout;
actions to celebrate, and whose principles prepare them to submit"
to the trammels of slavery and superstition. To free men—to the
descendants of heroes and martyrs in defence of liberty, such ad-
vice will be out only unwelcome, but insulting—the heart will re.
redline it, and the understanding wilt reject it as contrary to the
principles of education, and to the examples which history and re.
ligion have furnished for our guidance and imitation. In the
days of our youth, when the heart is warm and the mind un-
shackled by wotldly considerat ions. u pon what themes do we dwell ?
To whit subjects do we refer foe refreshment and Instruction ? Do
we not sympathise In the stniggles of the weak against the strong,
in defence of their rights and libertini, and do we not imbibe •
fondness for freedom and the rights of man, in dwellini, upon mach
conflict' ? Do we not applaud the sufferings and the sacrifices of
the patriot, while we detest, if we cannot break down, the despot.
him of the tyrant ? Whet father would refuse to instil such lessons
into the mind of his son ? What son would respeet his father, if
be were ordered to turn from these contemplations ? In recurring
to the chuoic recollections of our youth, does not the hurt burn in
reading of the sufferings of the ci diens of Numantia in defence of
their Itliertice ? Eleven years or siege. and the most frightfol deso-
lation of famine and disease, could not extinguish their hatred of
tits invading foe—they preferred death to slavery, and out of the
whole population of an extensive city, but ten were left to follow
is moundul captivity the chariot of the conqueror ; but
not even the seductive lays of Iloracc, nor ttic polished enmity of
Isivy, can rob the heave Numantinea of the sympathy with which
admiring posterlti approves their valour; end th? bean which
beats with the love of its country, will perhaps bestow upon the
chained captive who survived that siege • warmer tribute of ap-
plause, than upon the arrogant conqueror that added Numantious
to the list of his titles. Again, with rhat emotions do we trace
the sufferings of the people of Sagonfum ! loss of fathers,
brothers, filer:els—the most severe inflictions of war—the dteadfal
and appalling itecemity which drove them to devour their dead
companions in arms to appease the ravings of hunger, could not
subdue the inflexible spirit of vino', •isteli led the inhabitants to
endure every esil rather than to desert theirallim, or to submit to

'en insulting enemy. These are examples parallel to, but not ex-
ceeding, the virtues displayed by the citizens of Derry—examples
which have challenged the admiration of successive ayes, and have
been held up as specimens of valour and patriotism by every pa-
rent to hie 'rising enuring. These are examples which do not
exceed the exploits of out ancestors, and he needed not the au-
dacious tongue, or the envious pen, which would attempt to
check the recollection of such glorious deeds; but Ireland
especially, in Ire/Ind of all coontries In the world, the comme-
moration of suet Thane is more particularly eallrd for, to cheer
the dismal barrenness of its history. Let us trace for a moment
its dark and bloody progress. NI lien a foreign foe invaded, it
shrunk submissive at thcrferat of an insignificant conqueror; con.
tinged insurreetions—intestine wars—bloody massacres.—treacher-
eus treaties—and a systematic combination against the intro-
duction 01 the arts sod blessings of peace, are to be found in
mournful succession throughout the lapse of centuries. The
national character was obscured ; nay, the charaver of nature
seemed erased by the curse of the times, and the history of Ire.
land is a solecism in the history of nations, by not presenting,
timing five or six centuries, one single fact to claim the admire.
tion or even the respect of posterity ;—and where ran we look for I
one bright passage—where ran we behold one green spots
like the oasis in the desert, to cheer us in our gloomy pilgrimage?
It' the history of this nation was to be written by an unprejudiced
author., its most eliining passage would be found in the actions of
the citizens of Derry—actions which would not only embellish the
meet illustrious history, and confer honour upon the most heroic
nation, hut which are not exceeded in ancient or modern times.
It seeds also as if this favoured spot was destined to redeem the
national character by the excess cf its own virtue, for we have the
most authentic records in the Journals of the Irish House of Coin-
moni of the repeated acs of loyalty, magnanimity, and public'
spirit, of this ancient and unconquered city. The records of the
country tell its, that in the civil wars of PHI Derry wax the im.
pregnable city, which bellied all the force of the rebel., and was
the refuge then, as It proved. also iti after times, of all Ovum-
porters of the constituted authorities of the laud. In the revolu-
tion of lullfi, a crisis the most important that ever happened in any
age or coutry, Derry stood forth the bulwark of the laws, religion,
and liberty of this nation, and to Derry we owe in a great degree
the enjoyment of those blessings In the present day. Who would
then refuse to the descendants of such men the pious duty of corn•
memorsting those glorious actions ? Who would attempt to check
a spirit, hallowed by the faithful commemoratiorrof nearly one
hundred and fifty years, and springing from an inflexible love of
the laws, the religion, the liberty of their couhtry, in defiance of all
the miseries which the cruelty of war, aggravated by the rage of
bigotry and superititinn, could bring upon the country 1 But
was he doing justice to this noble city In saying that its citizens
were ready to give their lives ass satsifize for its liberties ?, Faint,
indeed, would be the praise if were to measure their devotion by
the mere loss of life—to estimate their sacrifice we must look at the
manner in which death presented itself. In theopen field, anti in
the equal millet, the soldier, matches to battle with his hopes
elateti—

-------
-" The neighing steed, and the shrill trump,
The spirit-stirring drain. th' ear.piercing fife,
The royal banner, and all quality,
Pride, pump, and circumstance of glorious war,"
awake, in almost every mind, a sudden and tumultuoue avenge.
We are apt, under such circumstances, to forget the value of life,
rather than to defy is loss ; we suspend attention to our safety,
rather than reconcile ourselves to danger, and, in the thunder of
the battle, we glory. in the enthusiasm of the mind; but, when
death approaches with a slow and silent pace—when he creeps on
at leisure, and is contemplated in all the terrors of a sure but pro-
crastinated destruction—the spirits shrink back upon the heart;
fame, ambition, glory, all vanish before our eyes, and the frailty
of oature is confessed its the struggle between the hero and the
man--bat even such a struggle may have its aggravations. The
stern patriot may overcome or despise the dangers of his own
altuation—he may drown the voice of selfishness in the love of
his country, but can he look with equal carelessness upon the
fate which threatens the author of his being, the partner of his
fortunes, or the pledges of his love ? What mopped Coriolanus in
the pride of victory ? Hatred, revenge, and pride, stooped to the
voice, of his mother, wife, and child ; and, softened by their com-
plaints, the stern soldier withdrew his conquering legions, and ex-
claimed—
" You've won a happy victory to Rome,
But for your son, believe it, oh, believe it,
Moat dangerously you have with hint prevailed,
If not most mortal to him."
By what name, then, shall we distinguish the virtue of the citi-
zens of Derry ? The husband and the father sunk in the stern reso-
lution of the patriot, and the. voice of nature was silenced in the
love of their liberties and theti. country. By what name shall we
designate their courage, who did not rush into battle in the mo-
mentary ardour of sudden cot.test, in the pomp and glorious cir.
commerce of war, but who awaited death in the dark and gloomy
recesses of their own walls, amid all the horrors of pestilence and
famine, and who, while sinking under the pangs of hunger, behelo
also its baneful influence on those whose lives were dearer titan
their own • who heard the helpless voice of their children crying in
vain for fo'lki, ant who beheld the sinking eyes of their wives rind
mothers gazing upon their defenders until those eyes were closed in
death ? In such a trial to stand firm ; in such a contest to be vic-
torious, can any praise be too great—can any gratitude of their
posterity be too lasting? Every man in this city must feel a parti.
cipation in the hononrs of his ancestry, and every native of this
spot must feel a holy inspiration in the birth-place of such heroism.
But, though he had trespassed longer on their attention titan he
wished, yet he could not close Ms observations without declaring
the cause for which their ancestors risked their lives and fortunes.
Great and noble as was the spirit which first prompted the A ppren.
tice Boys of Derry to doe: their gates, the cause which impelled
them was no less glorinuto—the necessity which drove them to this'
decision was no less indispensable. He must claim not only
their pardon for detaining them so long, but attention to a short re-
ekw of the circumstances of the times, from which the value of
their ancestors' exploits will be best appreciated, and in which the
strongest reasons will be found fer continuing to co:nmemorate
this anniversary, and for teaching our children's children to
cherish it as the guide of their hopes and conduct. It is an
indisputable fact, acknowledged by all historians, that the ob.
jeer of King James was to re-establish the Catholic religion
both in England and Ireland, and with the Catholic religion,
unlimited despotism. His attempts to effect this object in Eng-
land were happily frustrated In their very first birth, but hid en.
4eavours in Ireland were more successful, and with the aid of
ready ministers and a willing people, he hetl very nearly obtained
his purpose. Having confhled, his plans to an active agent, the
Duke of Tyreonuel, no time was lost in carrying them into effect.
The fiist object was to gain possession of the military force of the
country ' • fur that, purpose he expelled every Protestant from the
ranks of the army, and deprived every Protestant gentleman of hisl
commission. Having moulded the military force according to his
fancy, he next proceeded to remodel the civil establishments, and
he accordingly displaced every Protestant who held an office in the
administration of justice' and filled up the places of Chancellor,
Chief Judges, Puisne Judges, Privy Councillors, Sheriff, Magis-
trates, and even Constables, not only with Catholics, but with
thole Catholics who had made themselves most remarkable in this
time of jubilee for their rancour and persecution against the Pro-
testant'. Having thus maned an Ascendancy for the Catholics in
all the ministerial offices of justice, by which tfie property and lives
of the Protementiewere left at their mercy, he dext attacked the
Corporation., and by depriviog them of their charters, and expel-
ling every -Protestant Mayor, Alderman, and Burgess., he in fact
made them the slaves of his will, and the tools of his despotism.
Public aft Sirs were brought to this state under the agency of Tyr.
coned. and prepared for the final establishment of Popery, when
King James animal in Ireland, and when the only place which
stood out against his power, and remained an a bulwark for the
Protemants, was the city of Derry. Immediately on his arrival he
summoned a Parliament, and the proceedings of that body will
thew what gratitude is eltie by the Protestants of Ireland to the ci-
tizens of Deny for inflexibly refusing to submit to King James.
The Parliament,both Lords and Commune, consisted almost entirely
of Catholics, and its first act was to repeal the Act of Settlement,
by which the Protestant% in Ireland held their estates. The Act of
A ttaindet wss then passed, by which 2,600 Protestants, mentioned
by name, were mutinied of high 'realm, if they did not make their,l
appearance before the llt of the following November ; and, in
order to add insult to cruelty, King James's Chancellor kept the
Act in his pocket for four ntonths after the time was passed, to
prevent the unfortunate victims from availing themselves of this in-
WWII lenity—an Act which exceeds in cruelty the famous pro-
seriptioos of Rome during the worst days of tyranny. A law was'
silos passed to take away the personal property of any Protestant
who was alssape- from the kingdom. Not satisfied with the de-
struction of eopertv, a design was formed to put an end to the
oßrotestant priesthood, by putting the free-schools under Popish
masters—by introducing Pupisli Fellnire into the University, and
by nominating a Popish priest to be Provost of Trinity College.
So far was the spirit of extirpation curled that even'three Protest-
ant Pellowsof the College were ihrloidden to meet together under
Pain of death. James also seized the revenues of the vacant
Bishoptial, gave over the tithes and tirst-fruits to Popish Bishops
and Priests, and destroyed the jurisdiction of the Protestant
church. To complete his plans he gave orders for seizing all the
churches, and his bultlicts not only broke open all the monuments
and grans, but took out the dead bodies, and left them exposed to
the birds of the air. Proclamations were issued, forbidding Pro-
testants Resembling for divine worship even in private houses, and
a popish Governor of Dublin leaned an order, forbidding more than
five Protestants to assemble on any pretence, under pam of death.
Till,. (fend...men, is an epitome of the history of the due, and of
those causes which led to the gallant resistarce of the inhabitants of
this city against tiranny, slavery, and superstition. If history
furnialtes any example of a more noble struggle, or of greater
devotion to the cause of libettt, let it be touted 016 evening, but
he knew of none ; and while the love of liberty, the pewee of cou-
rage, the houout of victory in a good and glorious mle, continue
to draw forth the admiration of' mankind, so lung will the citizens
of Derry continue to receive front all loyal and well-afrocted hearts,
the thanks of their countrymen and the gratitude of posterity. And
now, gentlemen, for one parting word. Yon arc justly proud of the i
sulierings, the sacrifices, and the victory of your forefathers—you
can never prove ydur gratitude in a better manner than adhering
inflexibly to the same principles—let not the tongue of flattery de-
ceive you into a stirranuer of your priheipka, and lot not the anger of
Letitia deter you from the just and temperate expression of your,
feelings. Be assured that you will find champions in the highest
places, who will not be afraid to rc-echo your sentiments; be just
to yourselves and to your posterity, in maintaining the principles
established by your ancestors. and doubt not that the ramie spirit,
the same zeal, the saute love for a free constitution, will animate
the representatives of the country to join once more in your native
rallying cry of surrender."
' (We fleece witnessed any thing like tho enthusiasm whir which

Mr. Therson's mirth Wag received. During the delivery of it he
WAS repeatedly intetnipted by the bursts of admiration which it
clicited.l
The memory of %Volker, Murray, Baker, Mitchelhurn, and
the other heroes who distinguished themselves in the defence of this
maiden city in 11189."

" The I,7ather Aprons of Londonderry."
The CllAin NUN now read a letter twat Sit G. Hill, in which the
worthy Baronet expressed the deepest regret at being prevented. by
uncoil trol !able circumstances, from having the pleasure of at tending
the meeting, and assuring his fellow-citizens of his unalterable
attachment to them and their constitutional principles. (Long
cheering marked the effect of this communication to the meeting.)
The CHAIRMAN then said that lie would propov to them the
health of one of the ablest anti most zealous advocates of the Pro-
testant cause, their worthy fellow-citizen, then present, and near
him, " The llee..lithn drahum." This toast was received with
continued cheering fur sevefil minutes.
31r. GRAHAM returned thanks in a neat and appropriate speech.
The health of Lady Hill was given by 11Ir. Dawson, and drunk
with the most ardent enthusiasm—and the itnnanse multitude re-
tired to their respective iIOIIICII, ill the most orderly and good
humoured manner.
