HOUSE Of COMMONS, TUESDAY, MAacu 30.

TAUNTON CANAL BILL.
Sir T. LETHBRIDGE presented eta petitions, from as many
*min Somersetshire, in favour of the Taunton Canal Bill—The
petitions were laid upon the table.
11L-

PLYMOUTH IMPROVEMENT BILL. Sir T. LETH MUDGE then moved the second reeding of the
The Earl of MORLEY presented • pendia from the lobs- Taunton Canal Bill.
Mama of Plymouth, in favour of the Plymouth Improvement Mr. WARRE moved that the Bill be read this day six
Itt/L—ltd on the table. months.
SILK TRADE. After a few
_Observations front Sir T. LETHISIDOZ, Mr.
The Marquis of LANSDOWN presented a petition from a Waitaz, Mr. Elaavee, 111 r. 1111.101 IT, and Sir T.Aciatri.
when
Bags portion of the silkonanufactunre of Spiral-fields, praying strangers were ordered to withdraw, the House dividetlr
that their Lordships would pause before they rued the Bill re. the numbers appeared—
seeding the silk trade ; because, hem the high price of labour In For the second reading .
this country, the trade could not flourish against the competitioa Against it - - -
that it would have to contend with. The petitioners prayed, that Majority - -
If the measure were thought necessary by their Lordships, they The Bill wai then read a second time.
would extend the time of its operation to five you instead of two ST. CATHERINE'S DOCKS.
yes and a quarter, in order to give the manufacturersan oppo- Alderman THOMPSON presented a petition from upwards of
ctrl, of altering their nuothisery, so as to enable them in some ette merchants, shipowners, and others, in favour of the Bill for
degree to meet their couipetners on the Continent. The Noble building the St. Catherine's Docks.
Mararis, in continuation, mid, that he thought the trade would Alderman BRIDGES presented a similar petition from the Dia.
hearth more than ever under the new system, and would be ca. chants and others connected with the wine trade.
pable of standing against all competition that might come against Ordered to lie on the table.
it. but still he was of opinion that the petitioners were entitled Mr. MANNING presented a petition from the London Dock
le raccoon. Compel', against the building of the St. Catherine's Docks.
The petition was then laid en the table. Mr. tiREN FELL observed, that there was a great want of se-
SLAVE PIRACY BILL. commodation for dripping, end that it was necessary that such w-
ind BATHURST expressed a hope that their Lordships would ecenenooadoo soma be had.
dispense with the usual form of going into • Committee on the The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
elpire Piracy Bill, mid anew it at once to he read a third time; as Sir J. MACKINTOSH said, he held in !debited a petitioli
is was a matter of great importaacs that it should go out to the front Wm. Walker, Esq. a . elicitor, of Manchester, against whose
United States as soon es possible t for if the Bill did not arrive praefeasional claracte a statement had been made where he had DO
)amore the Anuvican Congress broke up, the convention relating to opportunity of replying to it ; and the object of the petition airy
this subject could not be signed, and it must consequently remain was, to appear by Counsel before the Bar of the Home, to defend
unratified until the meeting of Congress in November. He should his conduce Ile (Sir J. Mackintosh) wait unacquainted with the
dungen move that the 11111 be then read a third time. party ; but be was sure the House would at least feel an Molina.
• Rail GROSVENOR could not object to the proposal of the Den to consider the petition. It declared, that the most injurioes
Noble Earl opposite, anxious as be was that the Bill should not statements had been nude against him In evidence which had bun
only pass here, but that its object should be confirmed in the given on a private Bill before the Committee, and that the Cent-
Owed Sutra. Ile constderwel it much to the honour of this Como. 'mute having adjourned Are die, hail not given him
try that she had brought &butes. measure in every point of new eh, of defending his character. If this act were just, or other.
politic and humane. For the last 40 years the struggle Ind.bein wise, it was not now his (Sir J. Mackintosh's) intehtion to in.
carried on, and he congratulated their Lordships that it had bees quiee ; but he hoped the House would consider the cameo, a per-
-10 successfully conducted. After haring approved of the instruct eon of romectabilite, whale character might be taken from him, •
tions notified to tier Lordships by the Noble Earl (Bathurst) eat a and, consequently, ruin ensue, if be were not enabled to defuel
former evening, and having declared that apprebation unequivocally himself.
✓ed sincerely, he would ask if the object of these instructions was Mr. BRIGHT objected tour bringing up of thenetition, on the
to lend ultimately to the abolition of slavery e The quesdoe had ground that it (untamed seems which did not mom before
been muted within these two years whether the children of &hives the House.
were not tree. He thought the Noble Earl had made that state- The SPEAKER observed, as to the question of ender that it
sent, and referred to the Act passed four years ago on that sub- was difficult for the House to say when • petition should new be
'ea. The next point that he would advert to was tut with regard beought up, because the prayer of the petitioner could not be put-
t° manumission ; and if the instructions of the Noble Earl were ed. It did appear that such was now the case, because there had
to take edert, Manumission would remake nearly die same as been nu orders from the Committee; but the. House was aware that
before. Ile thought, if the system adopted in Colombia were they should hear the petition of a person who complained of injus-
pursued its the colonies, it would greatly tend to (militate menu- tics. It Was difficult to say on what subject petitions ought not to
allusion. The system adopted in Colombia was the collection of • be received, if respectfully worded; but there was a material differ-
/OM of money, in the way of contribution, for the purpose of nee between doing this and granting the prayer.
facilitating manumission. The Noble Earl at the head of the Mr. HUYIE wished to know in what situation the petitioner wet
Treasury had said on a former night, that if the facilities given to placed.
maammiadon under the regulations, were out found to be sufficient The SPEAKER observed, that he had not stated the as to be
when they came to be tried, they should be extended. The Noble one which would not admit of redress. It was quite clear that any
Lail had pledged himself that greater facilitia should be given to Member had a right to move that the proceedings of • Committee
manumission, if them at present in operation were found insuf- should be laid before the House; the House mien then take cog-
ticient. Ile wished to know from the Noble Earl opposite(Bathurst) nisance of them, which, until then, it was impossible for the House
if he was ready to milieu' that pledge. Tne Islands might or to do.
might not be inclined to adopt the regulations of the Noble Earl. Mr. BRIgHT said, that the objection he made to the petition
They ought be contumacious, as they had been before. Suppose was purely this, that lispoke lof what had taken place bolos the
Jamaica, for instance, should treat the Mother Country as she had Committee, which should only be made known by its report.
done before, what course dad the Noble Earl propose to adopt? The SPEAKER observed, that all he had stated was, that such
Would be withdraw or enforce the regulations ? .Hefoir oat thought a proceeding, if more formal and more efficacious, ought of course
that • bloodless war with the Custom-house was better than to to be adopted. The House would then be placed in a situation to
draw the sword, and he should prefer hating recourse to fiscal take cognizance of it, which at present it could not do►
regulations rather than force. According to the regulations olds', Mr. P. MOORE said, that until the proceedings of the Coin.
Noble Earl, an ecclesissticel establishment was to be sent out to mittee were laid before the llouse, the House could not be aware
the Lolootes ; he wished to ask how it was to be provided for ? that It was not sitting.
There wee one ether point to which he would advert, which related Mr. W. BOOTLE said, that if such a plan as now proposed
to free labour. That course had been successfully followed in were followed, there was no knowing where it would end.
Sterna Leone, and be thought it might be applied with equal sue. Sir J. MACKINTOSH said be would withdraw the petition.
Gras in the West Indies. 'Pie whole of this subject was fraught because a motion on the subject was about to be presented by the
with importance. Certain it was that there were persons who said lion. Member for Sussex.
that the situation of the slave was as good as that ut the labourer Alt. CURTEIS commenced by reading part of the minutes
In this world. But that doctrine was so extraordinary, that it taken before the Committee.
was scarcely pessible to imagine the it could bit seriously enter- Lord STANLEY said, as Chairman to the Committee alluded
tabled, re that any one could compare the man who had no hope to, he must observe, that he had no idea of the minutes being in
in this world, and scarcely any in the other, with the labourers any other hands; he thought therefore that the reading them would
adds country. The dillesence between slavery and freedom was be out of order.
as great as that between dukusa std light; they were as distant Sir J. MACKINTOSH differed from the Noble Lord.
as Haden and Hell. The SPEAKER said it was difficult to give an opinion on the!
Earl BATHURST observed, that as the Noble Earl had ex. subject. What the Noble Lord had said was correct, as it related
*mud his approbation of the regulation., it was not necessary for to the minute, of evidence, but it was different if the HOW, wished
dm to trouble their Lordships at any length. He ruse therefen to hear such parts of it at as it might think fit.
usly to answer the questions put to him by the Noble Earl oppo. Mr. CURTEIS was anxious to have the petition placed on a
site. With regard to the first question, as to the issue of slaves, proper footing. The party who considered himself aggrieved wish.
the Noble Esil had entirely inieundersonel him on a former even- eel to have the subject inquired into, and said, that the allegations
Rig. He demo' to suppose that he (Bathurst) bad stated, that it I originated from parties opposed to hint. lie (Mr. ('urteis) would
m had been oot& whether the issue oe slaves wars free. The tact therefore move that the Committee on the Royal Gas Bill do sit
was, that the 11.3 pawn.' tour years ago declared, that the Masten semen, and proceed •osnmerow.
had a right to the Mile of slaves, and every Act that had been, Mr. STA NLEY could see no ground for again going Into the
pirated ouifinued that enacmient with respect to all the bloods. It question. He could not suffer such imputations as had been thrown
was enacted by the Act passed four years ago, that • rqgtstry should on the Committee to pass without notice, without stating the rea. !
Le kep, and uo muster could make a title to the child of a slave sons of the Committee for adjourning site die. Ile went into the'
that vies hot mentioned in that registry, which was to be kept in Committee unprejudiced, or, if any thing, he was inclined to fa-
each island. On the subject of manumission the Noble Earl had your the Bill. But as he listened to the evidence, his first impose
stated, that nut couch had been done towards it. But he could sion grew weaker, and it was ascertained that the Bill was neither
moure the Nook Earl that greater facilities were given to menu- desired nor sought to be brought in by the people of Manchester.
mission by the regulations that lie had had the honour of introduce The petition itself was most irregularly obtained ; of the 700 names
tug to their Loolosips' notice on a previous night, and that the attached to the document, there was not fewer than 107 duplicates.
Order in Council cuatainol provisions which would meet the dill. (Hear.) This was discovered by the accidental circumstance of •
culties that existed, both witb regard to manumission and the issue skin asignatures which were made out for another petition, which
of .alaves. lerapecting the allusion that had been made to his Noble hail nothing whatever to do with the matter before the House.
reend's (Lord Liverpool) pledge by the Noble EArl opposite, as (Hear.) There was another circumstance deserving the attention
so the facilities Gun woutd be given to inanunitseimi by these regu- of the House. An individual. named Corbet, signed at one time
lotions, and that it the Facilities were hound inadequate to the pur- 34 names to the petition, and 196 at another; this individual made
poor for which cob y were intended, he perfectly Agreed with his a declaration to this effect to a friend of his, who repeated it. He
Oieble Frieid that levy should be extended. With reference to the waa summoned before the Committee, and tis answer corresponded
lam question of the Noble Earl, that related to the indismaition of exactly with the depositions which had been previously taken.
the laleveds to receive the regulations, he had only to observe, that This same individual also stated to a NI re Hardman, that he had
r.c.thing um more likely to indispose the Wands to the proposed taken two friends of his to the house where the petition was kept,
netsesure for their regulation than a prospective discussion the and they signed 296 names ; some of these persons had been dead
subject iii that House. ten or twelve years ; others had never been in existence at all.
l'les Marquis of LA NSDOWN did not by any means rise to (Hear.) The only ground for connecting Mr. Walker with the
oppose the roxininteiniation of the Noble Earl opposite, because lie transaction was, that the petition lay in his office, and it was
thought it founded on sound principles, and therefore he should there the petitioner' signatures were affixed • and this respectable
zoo eater into any prospective discuesion ; and lie entertained the person now complained that he would be blasted in his character;
hope that the Noble Earl was on good ground in the expectations his hopes and prospects would be ruined for ever. He had
hs bole relative to the beneficial (elects of the measure he had pro. nothing to look to for relief, if this house did not, in its mercy,
posed to their Lunlehips. He hoped die islands would take • more hear him in the defence of his character. The motive upon which
&Joliet view of this question than they had hitherto dune. He the Committee acted went to support the prayer of this individual,
was aoxious not to go into it then, but if no greater disposition at for the Committee had adjourned rise die, because it was con-
reconciliation wait eviered on the part of the Colonies than had scious, fun what had imputed, that it would not be doing its
been hitherto sheen tee their assemblies, it would then become the duty to the character of the House if it did not call to the bar, or
duty of that House and of the King's Governtnent to discuss it. send toNewgate,the persons who ha:d demeaned themselves with such
It, on the other hand, the auemblies should fortunate', be in. impropriety. The case was particularly hard against the individual
ducted by conviction, however slow to attend to the calls of and his friends' that when the Committee had adjourned she die,
humanity, and act in unison with due ad of society, they to prevent any further proceedings, an attempt ehould be made to
might relieve the King's Government and that House front the un- renew it, on the score of the proceedings being injurious to the in-
welcome, though necessary task, of discussing the question so in. divides' and his friends. ile,trusted the motion would be rejected,
ornately connected with the interests of the great ponion of the in. and he saw to reason fur its being received by the House.
habitants of their islands, Fur the reasons stated by the Noble Sir J. MACKINTOSH heard, with particular pleasure, the ob.
Mtn, in which he concurred, he was not delimits of going into eravations ef the Hon. Member who had just sat down, ld which
anis questio3 ; ti. rose more for the purpose of adverting to the Bill gave a fair promise of abilities, which would, he hoped, be long
immediately beim the House, winch made the slave trade piracy and suceuefully employed, not alone in the defence of the pans-
throughout the world, and which was a measure in itself in- cuter interests of his constituents. He rejoiced as much as any
diapeumbie. It was, indeed, • measure that he should have felt man in the accession of the talents which that House received
us:wiled of himself, and guilty of a dereliceen of Ins public duty, upon every occasion, slid which conetituted at once Its ornament
in out proposing, kad he not considered it necessary that it sheeted and its strength. He felt particular satisfaction at the accession of
he proposed, w coetjunction with other Powers ; and which, of talent, when exerted in support of those principles which he con-
doms; matte negociation necessary. It was must fortunate that ecientiouvly believed to be most conducive to the interests of the
the Luited Suites had interfered im this subject, and had by her country. As to the question before the House, he thought it
Congrees declared a traffic in slaves to be limey all over the world. matter for the inquiry of the House, why a Committee. appointed
The Bel beeird their Lordships was founded on a treaty entered for the purpose of making a report had made no report at all. lie
into between this country and sentence, which, altheugh at present did not mean to cut any imputation upon them. Ile did know,
la an impede:. state, would lead, he sincerely trusted, to the most and it was not necessary to hint to ay how he derived the know-
hiodcial remits. ledge, but he did know, that the Committee had adjourned rime die,
(Lord BATIIUIitIT said, aeons the able, that the treaty had and thus the orders of the House were not complied with. lie did
Dot jet been ratified by America. but Run it wouldbe se mon not wish to visit the Committee with the censure of the 'louse, but
the Bill reached that cowmen I it should be %hotel why the Orders of the House were not obey.
Lewd LA NeIDOW N,in euntiauation, observed, that the treaty ed. A. to the assertion of the 31ember for Dover, that the chit.
might be weeders:el as substantially concluded, and lie hoped that racier of file. Walker was not affected, he would maintain it was ;
It would contain some Additional stipulatiene, binding on the two I and thee very circunistance was a material ground fur the adjourn.
canneries to unite their efforts in pressing the Immure on other mint time die. lie did not mean to make any reflections, but it
Goon:ries. Every Christian aid commercial state had adopted the was certainly cruel mercy, when imputations were thrown out
principle of the oncimee, and those countries that did not act upon upon a mares character, to refuse all inquiry to the party, and ed-
it were subject to rental disgrace. Ile wished always es see this journ the Committee. The accidental Interposition of one skin of
omen" and America united on all queoions; but it we, a part,- parchment in the petition, would certainly be no ground of ad.
etlar plummet to hint to see three two emit:too who had a :amnion pediment. lie was of opinion that the Committee should be
tingle, a common religion, and who ought to have common ties of called upon to declare why it did not make its report, and why it
fellowship, uniting tor the prosperity of the world, and ler the had &dimmed rime die. This mode of proceeding was imperative
benefit of the human race. No time ought to be lost in giving the upon the House., and what the lion. Member ealled for the Report
ratllest effect to the treaty. They were setting up by their example of the Committee, he merely called upon the Home to support its
• principle that it was the duty of all Posers to act upon • and if own °eke.
any Powers should be found contumacious, opposing themselves Mr. C. PHILLIPS said, if the Committee was called upon to
so that principle, lie hoped that these two cuuntries would be pre. make • report of its proceedings after an adjournment time die,
pared to entoree these demands, if necessary, and chew dame the proper nude of acting would bo to move tor the revival of the
Powers that they considered them •esoks nnoiaiti go...rise—whom (lonettittee. There was a precelent for this upon the Journals of
hand was against every man, sod therefore every mum's hand ought the House. A similar course was adopted in the year 1816; the
to be against them. Whiter lie w:111 upon this subject, he felt it an revival of a Committee was called for. Two But.. Members,
ant of euty that he owed to an individte le to state, that the prin. whom he then had before him (Sir J. Graham and W. Wynn),
vele of mating siaveoleaiing piney was first established by a were amongst the tellers. The pmpnsition was carried in the *Mr-
Rriosle ()Ricci in the Arelnen Soh and Persian Gulph—Sir ne. illative. That course should be again adopted. It was not reason.
Kew Grant. The commerce wee carried on to a great extent there, able, in his opinion, to roue measure upon a House, to which the
and he made it a condition of the peace diet he entered into with majority of the Committee before whom it was discussed were
the Persian Pricers, that the carrying airily slave% should be con. unfavourable. Ile would oppose the motion.
sleeted a ensile awned the world, and against this country lin par. Mr. S. WILSON said, that from certain evidence which came
udder. Ile did nut mean to say that the condition Sir William before him, he thought, as • hlember of the Committee and • Le.
leant had stipulated for had been always successful; but the gislator, the 'imbue taught to be rejected.

. - - 103
34

Mr. BRIGHT would not make asy allusions to comments mode
upon himself, as the Members who made them were not present.
portanlie th7e,irhast this
it nn Zdttertesasheiwt was
Hatoumilsedtire wayaed Tin‘ri:shiorch"tpetitioiTs-
were gotten. The House should come to some way of dealing with
this and similar petitions, and should nos be prevented by the ex.
wow, which was to fallen the panics. In his opinion. a strong case
had been made out as to the mode io which this petition had been
procured, aml inquiry should be made into this high parliamentary
offence. flit was resolved that the I 'commit/cc should be revived,
he would wish the evidence given should be reported from day to
day. The practice of the people of Manchester was, he feared,
comma' through the country ; it was contrary to the law, that any
person should write his name or fix his mark to a petition except the
petitioner himself. It should be known to all persons sending pri.
sate Bills, that they would be in danger of losing them if they were
signed by the hands of others.
Mr. Pi LHAM opposed the measure.
Si; I. COFFIN wished for such a Bill as would do justice to all
parties.

to by Government. They had proposed the petaled reduction of
!SAUK in the expense of certain lqpl prom-dings, of which 6,0004
was to be a saving to the people. generally, and 12,0001. to the
suitors. Vet the amount of reduction effected did not exceed 6,0001.
Of the reduction of ninety situations in the minor Courts, fifteen
only had taken place. In the Court of Sessions three reductions
only had taken place, out of twelve which the Commissioners had
recommended. Again, where a saving of 15,0'tfil. was suggested,
1,6001. oily had been effected. The Noble Lord entered into a
detail of the several items of expenditure which the Commissioners
recommended either reformation or total abolition of,and complained
of the Inattention with which their several opinions upon them had
been neglected, and not carried into effect by his 3lajcsty's alinis-
tees. There was one charge most extraordinary in its nature, and, as
he conceived, most objectionable in principle. Ile alluded to the
charge of treatment. To its amount he did not so much object, as'
to the meanness implied in the very charge. With respect to the
Court of Exchequer, the Commissioners had recommended the
abolition of two officers of that Court, yet to that recommendation
no attention had been paid, excepting so far as the non-appoint.
went of the two officers. (Hear.) In the Lion Court, ton, there'
prevailed abuses to a considerable extent, which were pointed out
by the Commissioners anti never rectified. In the Excise Board,
though remromendations were given, nothing had been done.
Upon the extension of the Small Debts Bill, the extension of its
jurisdiction, a recommendation had been given, but to it no
notice bad been paid. At present the jurisdiction was limited to
IL ; and though the Commission had suggested and advised its
extension to 101., yet no beneficial effect lied followed from that
recommendation. Now, on that subject he pledged himself to
propose speedily some measure which might obtain, perhaps, the
sanction of the House, and which, in his mind, would prove of ad_
vantage to Scotland. lie watt next desirous of referring the atten.
tan of the House to the Borough Courts, and this was a subject
peculiarly. interesting to Scotland ; for never, perhaps, was there •
Constitution more loudly calling for revision and reformation than
the condition of these Borough Courts. Now, notwithstanding the
recommendation of the Commissioners, nothing was done except
through the very inefficient Bill of the Noble Lord epposite, passed
last year, and really that little was rather a mockery than any
real mitigation of the grievance. The practice in these Courts
was, in the Report of the Commissioners, most strongly repro.
bated ; there was a want of uniformity of charge--there was no
honesty in the was proposed ; there were demands made for pro.
ceases quite destitute of Inundation • and though these impositions
had incurred the censure, and been stigmatised the Commis-
sioners as illegal exactments, they still continued in all their ori.
ginal deformity. The Noble Lord then recapitulated the various
measures of the Commissioners. With respect to the Court of
Chancery, their Report had been disregarded. As to the Court of
Exchequer, no Bill had been brought into that House, although
no appointment had taken place. With respect to the Shentrs
Court, no reduction of siteations had occurred ; and in the Lord
Lion's Court no alteration had followed upon the Commissioners'
recommendation ; so in the Borough Courts had it happened ; and,
therefore, he felt it to be his duty to exact, if possible, froin the
Noble Lord, an explanation of what was intended to be done, if,
happily, any amendment was really intended ; and for that purpose
he should move that the twelve Reports of the Commissioners ap-
pointed to inquire into the Courts of Justice in Scotland should be
referred to • Committee of the whole House.

Mr. H.SUMNER wassatisfied, in his mind, that the Committee
had acted proper) yby the measure. He knew nothing of the merits
of the Bill, and did not wish to have it revived. He was sure it
would produce no good to have it discussed before the House, as it
involved in it the diameter and reputation of an individual ; it
would be also a question, upon consideration, if their privileges
were violated in the mole of procuring the petition. Ile hoped
it would also be tominuniaued to the Committee that they had not
done their duty.
Mr. Aleerman lIEYGATE objected to the enormous power de-
legated to the Comtnittee ; his mode would be to entrust the for.
tune and person of every individual to the mercy of the Committee;
the danger of this would-, he thought, be not light.
Mr. CURTEIS said a few weeds, which were inaudible in the
gallery.
The question for reviving the Committee was then put, and nega-
tived without a division.
- COUNTY COURTS.
. .

Lord LOWTHER—prawn— Ili aptWonWm the inhabitants of
Whitehaven, In support of the County Courts' Hill.--Ordered to
lie on the table.
SLAVERY.
Lord LOWTHER presented • petition from the Inhabitants of
Dldlborne Port, against slavery in the West Indies.—Ordered to lie
on the table.
IRISH FREEMASONS.

Alr.DAWSONTreseti--- --ted;pWJEOWiro-itice—rMin freemasons in the
north of Ireland, complaining a certain secret societies. It was with
sincere regret he had emeived the communication, that 23 men were
en trial for their lives for examen; growing out of these secret sock-
ties in the minty of Armagh, and there were twelve similarly situ-
ated in the country of Antrim ; there were also public processions
of a most oppressive nature, which led to amanita, and finally to
murder. It was from these processions that most of these melon..
choly cases occurred, which led to murder. It was to him a most
pleasing reflection, that owe former =argue he had delivered his
opinion to rescue the Orange Societies front aspersion, when he
thought them unjustly aspersed; that at that time he had stated, in
the strongest and most unqualitied language,his reprobation of these
processions. (Hear). These processions could answer no good per.
pose whatever; it Protestants had their processions so would Ca.
tholics also • one would be followed by another. Asa proof of the
mischief of iheae processions, he would take those parts of the north
of Ireland in which they were celebrated on the lst and 12th of
July, and the 4th of November, and though these parts were re-
markable for the industry of their inhabitants, these processions
put an end to all industry, and were the signal for riot and murder.
The gentlemen of these pima joined o 1 party or the other, and
murder was always the result. He wi. A that his voice upon this
occasion could he heard is every part. of the country where these
meetings were still continual He wished all the gentry of these
districts would second him in the reprobation of these processions,
which were at once disgraceful and mischievous to the country.
(Hear, hear.)
Mr. S. RICE could not refrain from expressing his gratitude to
the Honourable Member for the observations lie had made ; he
considered them as highly important, and thought they would be
more beneficial to Ireland than any
_enactment during the present
Session. The declaration of the Honourable Member was par-
ticularly desirable at present, as the legislative measure of the last
Scission had completely failed. The mischiefs of these processions
were not confined to the north of Irclaod ; they were equally mis.
chievous in other districts, where, until lately, they were un-
known. Nothing could be more beneficial to Ireland than to have
it known in Ireland that it was the wish of the Government and the
Legislature to put down that system of party, from which had arisen
so much heart-burning, ill-will, and bad blood.
Mr. HUME wished to make one observation upon the subject.
It would depend on the Chancellor of Ireland to remove all the
Magistrates who had a share in these processions • and, by what he
heard, they were all attended by Magistrates fro; the Commission
of the Peace. If they continued to interfere with them—if steps ,!
were not taken in this authoritative manner—the spirit of party
would net be put down in Ireland.
Mr. BRON'NLOW would say a few words on the subject.
The petitioners desired that some steps should be taken to put
down secret associations, whilst freemasons should be put on the
same footing as in this country. He agreed in the payer of the
petitioners, that these associations should be crushed. Ile thought
this, not only upon public principles, but en the authority of Mr.
Baron M'Clelland, who hod Dot as yet gone half his Circuit; and
even in this short time there were various individuals tried for
murders, growing out of these processions and associations. He
telt it his duty, as an Orangeman, and as connected with the coun.
ty, which is supposed to be the most Orange in Ireland, to have
these processionsiiDri put down ; in this opinion he agreed perfectly
with M'Clelland ; whilst these processions were allowed to
exist, no man's life would be worth a pin's fee, nor his property
worth a year's purchone. Every man who had ten-pence would
use them in procuring the means of transporting himself altogether.
In this country the Duke of Sussex presided over the Freemason
Societies ; yet if he were to transport himself to Ireland with any
of his brethren, by the law, as it affected that country, the Society
would become illegal. It was great nonsense and inconsistency, in
his opinion, to make the Freemasons of Ireland subject to penalties
and restrictions, from which the Freemasons of this country were
exempt. All the subjects of the same empire ought, in his opinion,
to be bound by the same laws and regulations.
Mr. A BERCROM BY had observed a great difference had been
created in the conduct of Orangemen since last year, when he sub.
ruined a motion relative to that body. He did not mean that they
should become objects of persecution, but rather hoped. that they
should rather be discontinued through the exercise of individual in-
fluence, than put down by violence. He was sorry to see persons
enjoying the favour and countenance of Government who were en.
gaged in these Societies, and thought that one very effectual mode
of discontinuing them would be, not to extend the favour and en-
couragement of Government towards persons who were members of
them.

The motion was seconded by Mr. KENNEDY.
The lA/RD ADVOCATh observed, that he bad from the ♦try
commencement of the statement of the Noble Lord, felt himself
very much at a loss to discover the object he could have in view in
referring such a motion as the present to a Committee of the whole
House; and he was still at a loss to penetrate the meaning of the
motion. The Noble Lord had ever been most attentive to persa-s
filling the office he (the Lord Advocate) then held (a laugh); and
to him it was doubtless some consolation to feel that every one of
his predecessors had, in the opinion of the Noble Lord, equally de.
peeved reprobation. (Hear.) The Reports to which reference had
how made, were all of them made before he had a seat in that
House; he denied, however, that he felt the slightest disinclination
to carry into complete effect every one of the recommendations of
the Commissioners. lie thought that there was contained in the
-such .

Reports of that Committee m— valuable information •an historical
account of every office concerning which they treated was given ;
sod upon a careful perusal of these twelve Reports, he would ven-
ture to affirm, that there was nothing corrupt or radically wrong in
the establishments themselves. Under that Commission, however,
the Commissioners—and be was now in the beariag of one of them,
who would correct him if he was in error—proceeded to investigate
they

the constitution of two Courts over which had, strictly speak.
ing, no control, namely, the Court of Chancery and the Court of
the Lord Lion of Scotland. The latter of these Coons warn similar
to the office of the garter King of Arms in this country, and was,
in truth a Court of Ilooour, not a Court of Law. He (the Lord
Advocate), when he perceived the Report of the Commissioners
upon that Court, stating that it would be an indignity to the Crown
to interfere, as the Commission had suggested, by the redaction of
fees, had advised the Secretary of State to issue forth his injure.
don, restraining that officer from continuing these questionable
charges. The Court of Chancery, into which the Commissioners
had diverW, was not, in the usual parlance term, a Court of Chan-
ewry • in they had no such thing in Scotland as a Court of
Chat4ery, it was a mere conlce, and the Commissioners had re-
ported that the fees exacted in this office were not extravagant • but
they objected to certain regulations made between the Noble Lord
at the head of that Court to Scotland (Rosslyn), and the clerks of
the Court. The sum allowed was totally inadequate. The Commis.'
Wooers recommended that an additional sum should be granted, but'
that did not pass. That Court had power to regulate itself without
any other interference. The next in order in the Noble Lord's list
was the Commisary Court. He brought forward that question last
year, and he need not remind the House of the opposition which
that Bill encountered ; and here he could not but advert to the di.
lemma in which he was placed: if be did not constantly bring before
the Douse the state of the Scotch Courts he was charged with a
neglect of duty ; and, when he brought in a Bill for their amend.
meet, it was immediately met by opposition. If ever there was a
Bill that deserved the support of the Noble Lord (A. Hamilton),
it was that BilL it went to abolish 23 patent places; and yet it
was raided even to the third reeding by the Gentlemea opposite;
and still he was enabled to state, that that Bill diffused throughout
Scotland universal satisfaction, and was received by them as a great
boon. The next was the Court of Sheriff's. He had last year
brought in a Bill relative to this Court, which had gone to a third
reading, and which lie then abandoned at the suggestion of his lion.
Friend the Member fur Caine, on the ground that a Bill was coming
down Fran the House of Lords for establishing a Commission to
investigate these Courts. To convince the House of the import.
once of the Sheriffs' Courts, he would state, that during the last
year 22,000 causes had been tried in these Courts, which, as cote.
paled to the Court of Session, was as 117 to I. It appeared to hint
that it would have been an unwise measure to have brought forward
any question on the subject of this Court until the House were in
possession of the Report of the Commissioners to whom he had
alluded ; in fact, until they had this, they would be legislating in
the dark. The next point was, the jurudiaion of the Justices.
lie admitted that it was extremely limited : and, from what he
knew, he was enabled to say that the Commissioners had
recommended an extension of their jurisdiction, which was at pre.
sent defined by Act of Parliament. These Justices had control
over debts not exceeding Ll. ; and it seemed to be the object of the
Noble Lord to increase this jurisdiction to a larger sum. On this
point there was much difference of opinion; even the facility of
recovering small debts had its attendant mischiefs, as it induced
people to give credit where in other cases they would withhold it,
and which might be considered a mischief. He bad taken the
trouble to ascertain the number of persons imprisoned in Edinburgh
for debt for the past year. It amounted to 212, of which number
132 were for debts underM. In the next place he would observe,
that in order le. make these Justices useful, their decision must be
inaL This was not a destrable thing to do, as where a Judge knew
that there was a superior over hint, it made hint snore cautious, and,
generally striking, more correct in his decision. Eight thousand seven
hundred causes had been recently derided ► t the Sheriff; Court,
and if the Noble Lord pc:several in increasing the jurisdiction of
It , he for one would oppose it. lie bad another objection to it—
the House would be surprised to hear that justices in Scotland
very seldom acted magisterially ; the great increase of crime, con-
sequent on the increasing prosperity of the county, rendered it
necessary that criminal causes should b: entrusted to the Justices,
of which there would be no danger, as they were men of probity
' and honour; this might easily be done with the assistance of the
' Sheriff; aided by a jury. and he was confident that such an exten-
sion would go to ease the character of the country gentlemen of
Scotland, woo had often been charged with a desertion of their
daty. rerenibered that duriag the riots at Glasgow, the
Noble Lard opposite and many Whet, withdrew theimaelves, not
with any idea of deserting their post, but tram the notion that they
! could be of no service there. After the statement he had made to
the House, he would leave to them to say whether he bad neglected
his duty, or whether he had nut paid all the attention to it which
could be expected from hint.
Mr. A BEIICIIO3IBY begged to return the Learned Lord Ad-
' vacate his most sincere thanks for the prospect of reform which he
held out in the Scotch Courts of haw, anti in carrying which
he for one would moat cordially cooperate. He had coo-
'deed of the parts which matt required revision, and he
thought that one of the most objectionable was the giving to'
j the legal profession the sole adjudication of suits without the in.
tervention of the gentry of the country ; the most important cri-
j mind steps are pertormed by the Sheath's substi.ute, so that while
!country gentlemen were completely excluded front any share in
the administration of justice, they had not even the satisfaction of
seeing the office discharged by the principal, but left to his dequty.
He was also anxious to see the system of grand juries iatroducod
into Scotland, as he thought their introduction would be attended
with the must important consequences. He had waited with much
solicitude to bear what the t'outtnissioners had said on the subject
of the Sheriff Court in Scotland, and if no other Member had
• called the attention of the House to the subject, it was his purpose ;
to have dune so; but he felt that the question was where it ought
to be, and he trusted that the Learned Lord Advocate would per.
severe. lie thought that the answers given by the Noble Lord
relative to the Lion Court and the Court of Chancery were per.
fectly satisfactory ; he could have wished that he had been squally
explicit with regard to the Court of Session. He was of opinion
that if the reannnientlatioos of that House were not attended to,
state reason ought to be assigned thr dissenting 11001 them.
Lord BINNING said, that he would not follow the Noble .Lord
(A. Hamilton) through the devious range he had taken, as
he considered the soccer given to hint by the Lawnal hard Ad-
vocate was most triumphant std complete; he hoped his Learned
Friend would persevere, notwithstanding any obstacle he might •
meet with. lie disapproval of the suggestion of the lion. Member •
for Caine, of extending grand juries to Scotland, as he did not
think that even if the measure were attainable it would be
desirable.
3lr. HUME was inclined to admit that the Learned Lord Ad-1;
vocate had done more than his predecessors; but dial not that
admission throw blame on them. when he confessed that on his en- ;
trance into office he found the Reports of this House, relative to
Scotch Courts of Law, had been entirely unattended to ? Where,

Mr. MONCK regretted that Freemnspns were included in the
Bill of last year, for she Freemasons admitted Catholics and Pro.
temente into their Society indiscriminately ; and by subjecting
them to the operation of this Bill, one great opportunity was lost,
of promoting conciliation between Catholic" and Protestants. He
hoped some lion. Gentleman would introduce a short Bill in the
course of nest Session, to alter the law as it at present affected
Freemasons in Ireland.

The petition was then read, and ordered to be printed.
hit W.INOILBY pretested a petition from Pickering, against
slavery.
Sir F. WR9TTESLEY presented ■ petition from Wolver-
hampton, against the combination laws.
Sir T. BLAKE presented a petition from Berwick, praying far
• repeal of the window tax and other assessed taxes.
111 r. CURWEN presented a petition from Workington, in Cum-
berland, praying for rote gradual abolition of slavery.
Mr. Alderman WOOD presented a petition from the ward of
Farringdon Without, and a similar one from Mile-end, against
the Excise licence ditties.

Sir J. NEWPORT presented a petition from the paper-hanging
manufacturers of Dublin, praying that they may be put on an equal
footing with those engaged in the same trade in England.
Mr. ELLts and Mr. L. FOSTER suppor:ed the prayer of the
petition. _ _

ALIEN BILL.
Mr. BIRCH presented a petition from the Mayor and Corn.
mon Council of Nottinghatn, against the Alien BilL 'l'he lion.
Member read the petition, which stated that the continuance of
this Bell in the seventh year of a continued pewee, the petitioners
regarded as the measure ut an arbitrary Government, unworthy the
free tiovernment of this country.
Alderman WOOD said, that although this was the first petition
presented from a corporation. another would be soon laid on
the table from the corporation of London. The Right Honourable
ISecretary (Mr. Peel) might not be disposed to pay much attention
to the expression of the opinions of corporations, particularly that
of London : they would, however, nevertheless speak out strongly
on the impolicy of this Rill; and a meeting was speedily to be
convened, for the purpose of taking the subject under their con-
sideration.

Mr. IV. presented a petition from Stoke-ferry and
Burton, in Nottinghamshire, against slavery.
111 r. A BERCRO:l1B V presented a similar petition from Caine.
Mr.BI'KES asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer what would
be the expense of the County Courts Bill ?
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCII El/888 was not pre-
pared to answer the question of the lion. Alembic.
Lord MILTON presented a petitioli from Halifax, in Yorkshire,
signed by five thousand persons, against darer,.

scorrisii COURTS OF JUSTICE.
Lord A. HAMILTON rose to bring forissed his promised
motion, that the Report of the Commissioners appointed to inquire
into the Courts of Justice in Scotland should be referred to a Corn.
I mitten of the whole House. This motion was induced in cons..
queues of his Majesty's Government not havirg sufficiently attended
to the suggestions of improvement contained in the Report of the
Commissioners. In the year 18(1, by the exertions of an Honour-
able Baronet, a Commission was appointed to inquire into the ad-
' ministration of justice in Scotland and Ireland. (In the Reports of
the Commissioners appointed to Ireland, various improvements
had been suggested and adopted. The Reports, however, relating
to Scotland had not been paid similar attention to. ',hen three'
or four of their Reports had been made, it was his intention to have
founded a motion upon them, but was then requested to postpone
it ; Ire had waited, and was greatlydisappoi inn that no extensive
practical amendment had been earnest into effect agreeably to their
recommendation. It should be remembered that this Commission
cost the country near forty thousand pounds. They had sat
seven years, and the average expense of the Corneal/orlon each
year was estimated at live thousand pounds. He did not
moan to censure the Commission ; in his opinion they had done
their duty to the House arid the Government but he was not
equally prepared to say that his 'Majesty's Ministers had done
their duty to the commendation. Not even one-fourth part of
their suggestions for the re luction of expense had been attended

he would ask, was the Reeretary of State, whose duty it was to
that those Reports should not have become a dead letter, after ttfr.—`
' had coat so much money in framing ? It was the greatest eh ---'
he had ever heard brought against the Government. He waijkle.
the House the justice to say, that notwithstanding the Wean* it
always showed to support the Ministers, yet it wail ever "ad,
lend its most earnest attention, whenever any abuses of Court,:
Justice were brought before it. Ile hoped the Noble Lord wneki
mews the question to a division.
Mr. KENNEDY hoped that the Lord Advocate intended to
adopt the measures he spoke of this session.
The LORD ADVOCATE said, that he had not as yet made
up his mind, and he should wish to take the sense of the country
gentlemen of Scotland before he pledged himself. (Heim)
Mr. A BERCROMBY said, that the explanation just given by
the beamed Lord Advocate had more than half destroyed tat eliW,
of his first declaration.
Mr. C()URTENAY wished for an inquiry, but thought it
should be left to the discretion of the bard Advocate.
The Will A DVOCATE observed, that after his explanettee
he did not expect to be so hard pushed as to whether Iss week
proceed further during this Session.
Lord A. H A 111 LYON observed, that it was too much to as
the House, after so inuci delay, to deLy still longer. The Noble
Lord, in fact, at last only held out a wavering hope that something
would be done. Under such circumstances he telt it to be his duty
to divide the Howe. The Learned Lord had charged hint with
running away during the investigation, when, in point of fan, the
Leaned Lord and the Solicitor-General were absent from thew
tam in pursuit of their political interests. He next applied is
the Commander-in-Chief for in(nrmation,but there he received Roe.
except that they were all laughing at the idle reports of rising ally
people. At that very time, the newspaper under the immediate
protection and control of the Noble Lord. particularly the Retina,
had grossly abused him ; there was no falsehood so infasLoas—,lo
I slandour so abominable, which was not heaped upon him. se ft,
did these abominable slanders go, that he was charged with hell
tie friend or acquaintance of the only person executed at Glasgow
during the riot,. He heard of risings, and he was anxious is
ascertain if the report was true, and upon inquiry he found all the
official persons, the Learned Lord, and his !text officer in rah.
heal excursions, and the persons in the office of the Commander.
in-Chief, laughing at the reports of insurrection. (Cries of
Quesuon.")
Strangers were then ordered to withdraw, and the Gallery wee
cleared tie a division :

For the Motion, 761 Against it, 124 Majority, IL
POOR'S SET'I'LEMEN 'I'S.
On our return to the Gallery we found Lord A LTHOLPsa
his legs, but from the noise sainted by the rush of strangers lore
the Gallery, we could not gather his obeervations for several
nutes. When we did catch what fell from the Noble Lard, wi
understood him to object to the present rgurations as benne
master and servants. The system now prevailing nude*
it difficult for labourers from one parish obtaining work a
another ; and he therefore proposed seine alteration in the menet
mode of settlement of the pour. He would not further dews th
House, than by propoing to bring in • Bill for abolishing seals
manta by hiring and serving.
Col. WOOD did not rime to object to the Bill ; but to give it 111
support; at all events to go to a Committee. In the Committee
be intended to propose a clause insuring to the poor man a settle
intent by the fact of his paying poor's rate, though under the run.
of ten
.pounds, which was made imperative by the 34th of ()corgi
in. He last year intended to bring in a Bill on this subject ; but
finding opposition to it from Leeds and other manufacturing tows,
he had abandoned it. But upon more mature consideratioa since,
he was resolved in bringing it forward again. This was a subject
interesting to the poor, and he entreated the indulgence of the
House only for • few moments. (Hear, hear.) The town of
Leads and Wigan were against such a measure, because it would
give settlements which might entail expenses in their several pa.
rashes, owing, amongst other things, to the support of bastardy.
Mr. CRIPPS thought the Bill of the Noble Lord would per.
vent much litigalon; but at the same time he thought it could not
be easy to carry. it with fair operation. The parish which had tight.
hour, should in justice have the onus of supporting of the poor;
and such a principle could not be disputed. But the Bill of the
Noble land went further, and embraced the birth as well ea the
hiring, which was objectionable.
Mr. LOCKHART thought that the Bill would cut offs variety
of legislation, which was so desirable an object; but notwiths.and.
ing some parts of the Bill were objectionable, he would give it he
support—Leave was then given to bring in the Bill.
Mr. ELLIS (Dublin) obtained leave to bring in • Bill to amend
certain Acts for the better regulating and ascertaining the Its of
proctors of the Ecclesiastical and Admiralty Courts.
EtIPLOYMENT OF THE POOR.
Mr. OIPPS, after a few observations, moved for leave to briar
in a Bill for the better employment of agricultural labourers is the
Winter season.

Mr. CA RTWRIGHT seconded the motion.—Leave given.
Mr. COL'RTENAY moved for the appointment of a Selee
Committee to inquire into the arrangements made for the poor it
England and Wades.—Committee appointed.
Mr. KENNEDY moved for the appointment of a Select Com-
mittee to take into consideration the state of the salmon fisheries of
Scotland and the United Kingdom. He observed that his men-
tion had been called to the subject by the number of perineas on
the subject that had been laid before the House. It bad bees he
earnest hope that the question would have been brought forward
by some of his Majesty's Government, and not hare fallen to the
lx of so humble an individual. He suited several points which
would be material to be considered by the Committee, and ex-
pressed his hope that it would effect the end so much desired.
Mr. C. GRANT was only anxious to protect private rights, be-
cause the present plan would, in some degree, interfere with then.
Committee appointed.
Mr. G. BLNNET said he visited to ask his Right Hon.
Friend who had the building of the church is Longhorn Place.
which was the surprise of the neighbourhood Every person was
asking who could be the architect, and who could have gives the
plan. He, for his own parr, would willingly give a sum to have it
pulled down. The community were with one feeling inquiring
who were the asses that planned, and the fools who paid for rt.
Mr. ARBUTHNOT was sure that no blagte for want of tare
could be thrown on his Right Hon. Friend. As (Mr. Arbuthnot)
would rather decline naming the architect. (Cries of •• Name,
name.) It was, then, the work of Mr. Nash ; but the Home wield
recollect that if the present building was ill constrnetd, he had
built many that did him credit.
lily. 111 SKISSON said, that he had never to this hour see the
building alluded to. The plan had been laid before a Commute,
and approved of by them.
Mr. PEEIs moved the postponement of the second nein of
the Alien Bill to Friday.—Agreed to.
The report of the Customs Act was then brought, up, reati, And
agreed to.
Mr. G. RENNET asked a question of the Chancellor of the
Exchequer, relative to the period when he intended to bring tot-
ward the subject of wool.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he wasted
anxious to bring it forward, and though this day sennight vew
answer the purpose, he was ready on any day, or at any bun.
The Right Honourable Gentleman then moved, that the Haute te-
solve itself into a Committee on the Law Stamp Duty) ACM ea
the House revolved itself accordingly. The Right ocusuatle
Gentleman said, that he intended to propose the remission V the
duties on Law stamps. He held in his hand a schedule, melba
proposition vas, that all taxes named in it should be rem-'ed.
Mr. HUME said that several petitions had been prise
attorne) a in Scotland, complaining of the tax on Ina
another subject of complaint was the tax on apprentices:
these topics came under the consideration of the Right -
Gentleman.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, that thew
two subjects could not be considered as corning under we had d
uses on law provivclings.
The Report was then ordered to be received to-morrow (this dsiL
The House, on the motion of Mr. S. WORTLEY, resolved It-
self into a Committee on the (lame Laws.

---.Mr.g.th..)kfailil;iSisedto.--post-tpoce the consideration of the
subject to Thursday next.—Postponed accordingly.
Mr. Sergeant ONSIA)W stored,—That the Rouse resolve it-
sitli into a Committee on the Usury Laws Repeal Bill, sad the
House resolved itself accordingly.
After a few observations from Mr. (7ALCII•FT, 31T.Sergeila
OxaLow, Alderman H NYGATE, sad Mr. J. SMITH, the Ist!be

consideration of the subject was postponed to Thursday se nnight.
The other coedits of the day were then disposed of; and the !loose
adjourned at a Quarter past Twelve o'C uck.

NOTICES OF MOTIONS (THIS DAY.)
Mr. Maherly—Land Tax Redemption item
Mr. Peter 3loore—Bill to repeal Combination Laws.

THE GREEK CAUSE.

Accounts were yesterday received from Missolongbi,
a merchant in the city, and tl.ipatehes by the Grea 'h-
innies. The following are extracts :
M issol.onont, FE•. 1S—:;•
We are making great advances in the discipline of our met, mit
We have made a very fine arsenal of the Seraglio. The artflery
are all being drilled, and are gathering together a large gtuintit!ef
stores for the siege of Patras. Our press is flourishing grratl!
when the good work commenced, it was thought inapplicankt•
such a rude state of society, but now all are interested 'in it, anil
the Greeks write tits it on every side. Such is the rage for this
means of expressing opinion, that the English of Alissolonght es•
silt upon out publishing an English paper for England and .15w.
rice. The Executive Body is at Cranntti. The despatches me
that place are dated the 2Jth January. The Government has son
here an intelligent Greek gentleman, named Farmachadi, to motif
one of the presses, and has lent itself moo cordially to the establish-
went of the newspaper. We are going to establish a Frank news-
paper immediately, to which Lord Byron has offered to contnhete
largely, both in money and matter. All thing's considered, eke
cause of Greece is going on admirably well. It may hue keen
checked by tyranny, but it cannot be thwarted.
Extract of a letter from the Greek Minister of :41re
George Conduriottis:—
" The Government, which haw a full conviction of
and philanthropic character of the British nation, looks towards "
with every confidence, believing that it can have no interested flew'.
r. the independence of Greece, but on the contrary, look te nie
sympathy and protertion of that nation. fur the establishment 04 41
fireeiyand the restoration of the Muses to their venerable s 7,
sacred temples ; whilst generations to conic of grateful tern ks s'
not cease to address their homage of thank Cullum. It for a too-
-
ment disorders and dissensions have troubled the pnwreg, "r
Revolution, they can only be consitteyed as a necessary
of the struggle in which we have been engaged. Little br dude
these dissensions have been dissipated, and soon they will rug
itnwr." the firtuom
ns
