GERMAN PAPERS.

SWITZERLAND. DEC. 21.

The spirit of independence has sliewn itself in
Fiance for soina lime past with new force. How-
ever. iieople in general trust that the Government
will snake use of every means iu its power to
obtain the removul of the Allied troops, by an ar.
rangemesit with the Foreign Sovereigns. and they
expect with impatience the result of the negotiations
opened for this purpoiw.

FROM 'flIF SEtNE. DEC. 19.

We learn that applications have been made to
the Goveromeot by nasty French commercial cities',
111 srippoit of the wialies of those who desire the
lire transit:, of good., and hove applied to the Go.
moment for it at ass earlier period. This fuhjett

LONDON,

SATURDAY, JANV.tIIY 10, 1819.

11'e continue our extracts from tin, America's
Papers, and this day present a orison of Mr.
CLAY.y speech in the House of nepre..ototiv,,,.
on proposing that Committee be is.structed to in-
quire what prosi.ions of law wet e necessary to in-
sore to the American Colonies of Spain a Jost
o'.servatice of the duties insistent to the neutral
relation in whip the United States statist in the
present contest betweeu them sold the Mother
Country. This proposition was stilstnitted to the
House in cousequence of the recent arrest at Moho-
slrlphia of' (line or ten dislatiolesl of of the
Rriti3h army, who were chargtd, and most pro-
bably with jostice, of intending to unite them-
selves with the Independents in the Southern Pro-
vinces. 'These Gentlemeo, it would seem. bad not
concealed their purpose, and are said to hare ap-
peared in public in their military costume ; but
they are not accused of having attempted to
seduce any citizen of the United States into a
participation of their honourable danger, our of
having in a neutral port organised a military enter-
prise against either of the belligerent parties. They
had merely touched at Philadelphia in their voyage
from England to the intended scene of their future
exploits, and being there, as Mr. CLAY supposes,
pointed ut by souse Spanish agent, were proceeded
against with the greatest rigour. as having violated
the neutral relations of the United States. Mr.
CLAY is Speaker of the House of Representative.,
and tnust consequently be considered one of the
best continentals's-1i upon the nature ands spirit of
the law passed under Ilia auspices during the last
Session ; and we are happy to lied that his opinion
it decidedly favourable to the British ()Seers. Mr.
CLAY, in remarking upon the neutrality to be
observed by the Stater towards the contending par-
ties, complains that it has not been impartial ;
that the spirit of neutrality hat not been fairly ob-
served lay the authorities within thes Union ; that
4, the Acts of the Government had been all on one
side—hod all borne against the Colonies, against
the cause in which the Patriots of South America
were arduously engaged." This charge 'Tains'
the Goverument of the United Stater, from all
authority so high as the first Representative of
the Union, must sound strangely to those Euro-
peans who have accustomed themselves to husk
fur a ready sympathy in those halt %W..

cee,led by a revolution in establishing their 0;:n
dependence towards their Southern neighbour., i‘lio
were striving by similar means to accomplish a tine•
lar object. But we are far from thinking the charge
wet' substantiated. If the acts of the nneuc
have appeared to be directed against the Colonists,
a because such acts alone were calculated to in-

. .
mire a perfect neutrality: Had the feeliop of tlio
people been as strongly iuterested to favour of
Sputa as we know them to be on the side of the
Colonists, and were the Government of the Utiimi
desirous of maintaining a strict neutrality betwet t:
the contending; powers, the trans of the i•lc^-'R

had heels atterrd, and the acts :if the G.%....:1ieht
had then *tensed to have been directed ;.!higetl,Er

against the Mother Comitiy. 'file Inc' mu,. of thr.
Government were merely prohibitory, t.I it..t hal)

- -
peeled that no prohibition was necessary to icfriim
the citizens of the United States front enrolliog.
themselves on the side of Spain. und under the ban-
ners of cruelty and despotism.

It is, however, no difficult matter to ili•cern the
tendency of Air. CLAY'S mnid, upon the sislije:l
of this contest ; and we believe that lois generous
sentiments may be fairly considered as a specitut Is
of those which prevail throughout the great extent
of the Union. It is difficult to imagine that the
Government should, on such a point, stand imitated
its the midst of the nation ; but us Statesmen must.
as Gulliver has laid it down, be " creatures wholly
exempt f all generous feelings," so thoee in
the United States, in obedience to the cold dic•
totes of political expediency, have suppressed all
emotions of pity; sympathy, and indignation, and
stiffer their unfortunate neighbours to endure the
miseries of a protracted civil war, exposed to tlic
Instal excesses of the Royalists, and the destructive
disseutions of the colonial Chiefs, where, even if
the i •er of Spain were flung off, the want of
uniformity in action, and the absence of a regular
s)eteitt, present iii their consequences an ults!rnative
scarcely less dreadful than a relapse into former
slavery. fled France acted with a similar reserve,
while the success of the struggle between Great
Britain stud her Colonies war yet doubtful, the
United States might not, at the present Monient,
be debating the propriety of their neutrality.

11'e have received Philadelphia Papers to tree
0, and Nal,i ix to the 4d last. The following
un extract :

(From the " Halifax Arcadian Recorder" of No►. 29.)
QUEBEC, NOV. '2l.

Arrived in tins city on the 19th inst. Colonet
Bouchette, Surveyor-General of Lower Canada.
accompanied by Captain Cairnes, late of the 60tl►
Regiment, and Mr. J. Bouchette, j-unior. We
have only been able to learn respecting the progress
of the new boundary line, that the exploring
survey has been prolonged from the source of the
St. Croix to the River Ristogonche, a distance of
o'nout 100 miles, in the course of which the parties
of hutli nations experienced difficulties and sutler.
inga of the must arduous nature.

If the purely constitutional principles contailit ti
the Bishop of LANDAIFV'S Memoir stood in nee,i
of any support, we might refer for it to the conduct
01 his NYSklllUilttl in the diurnal press. One of the
Treasury Journals threatened a formidable attack,
lint sad experience proved that it committed
rashly. Alter two or three feeble charges it retire.)
from the field, and, we must allow, not without
some grace, as it gave in, acknowledging that it
%vas twitter), and could stand no longer. It was
with some surprise, therefore, we saw the cum.
Journal last night acting the dead alive, and
trying, in an Epigram, its galvanised strength, tii.t
had I:II it ti in argument. It is lamentable to see
the credit which it might have claimed for it•
am:Jule honorable thus thrown away. The %, it or
that Journal is indeed of a very inferior quality--
the book that could withstand the reasinnog of
that Journal has little to fear from its wit. The
Journal having tried in vain to assail the Bishop
with a club, now resorts to a hullrush.

. .
German Papers have arrived. Their contents are
not important. Au article (ruin Stutgard, in the
German Papers, says, that the KING, conviiiceil
of the necessity of giving to ull classes of those Wit.
me to be employed in the service of the State, the
means of obtaining the requisite knowledge, Ws
established at the Universiiy of Tubingen a Facially
of Political Economy, and appointed two Profes-
sors to teach it. In future, all persons nominste.l
to ritual' requiring this description of knuu -
ledge, will be selected fioin those who shall hat,
most successfully prosecuted their studies under
these Professors.

Intelligence from Frankfort states, that it i.
thought Could CZAROISSKI Is chatged to dehvr'
to the PRINCE 1{ GENT a letter f the Emilelo,
ul. RUSSIA, on the death of her Royal Ilightiet--
the Priticeas CtiAimorTE, and to express the aoi-
►ow of his MAAESTY amid of the lu►perial Faiuilc
at this melancholy event.
NIAUCUEVII., whose case has excited much it
the public attention, is stated to have maile
e•eape from the prison at Donay, where he was con-
fiord.

The SOLKITOR.GENERAL has succeeded in his
canvass for the Recorderviiip of Bristol. The
other candidates were Mr. CASIMILD and Mr. Sti-
jeuut PELL.
11.0“1 COMBERNIF.RE awl suite arrived at Rs.
John's, Antigua, on the Itith of November, in ti!
Antelope, Admiral HARVKY. A slight shuck of
ao earthquake hail been felt in St. John's Anna te.
o'clock to the night of the I 4th of November.

0 .4
~ - • ... iti):'
e-: • kk,-=N ":
."
.: 4
44----. ' 44404,0
k .•
4'44.
‘4t)
,rj
N"---.-
~..-1,1-";Ne*.
6 IL:Z) -4M
