.?'BB GRSErS,
•
NOME SUR
• 11,4* Jae= •1111COMIIPIt
Mamba'. Wass Salk* le &van
pas, Litits

Goncharlid fist the Orfila
But will you deny the Ottoman
right of sovereignty over its - Stereo
more than any mbar Power,
ay, and to maintain with
and ancient relations; but
selves upon that footing with
I,,sele with other nations. In
Governments are only resettled
nor does she consider herself in
ki.ceognise the political laws
according to the Asiatic
culty in imprisoning the
willh which she is abpet '
does not acknowledge onr I
in pining through the Ottoman
may be, by the local hospitality
the charitable apt of the ,
laws. In corn trammet ions
rasa is einem, he is a religious
tracts; but the decal regulations
The laws of war amengthe Turks
among Christian nations, death '
'stance, and the tonquesed
*as only claim a lecp:timate
man provinces; in her Christian
is peseerious; wherever she he-
ty foggy for the presenoe of
not the astablishmerit of a so
tioa, and nothing more. But I,
as an independent State, be aces,
ante u Turkey in the transactions
by bee trim seventh offer oppose;
rises of any Power, whatever
'turkey offer a firmer barrier 7
attack visible to every eye ?
is Egypt we have witnessed
ante. Her soldiery are •
enough at the first onset,
the -horrors of death multiply, o regi-
ments are sufficient to put them to flight. Her artillery Is'
a mere cipher; even her cavalry know not how to me-
acturre, sail are broken with ease by a battalion of In
the famous Mamelukes were destroyed by a mere =II
of French soldiers. That no Power has invaded Tudoey
we have to.tbank the moderation which has hitherto con-
trolled the policy of Thrones. If the feet be that Turkey
has been y the prudent fear which each State has
ant ' of kindling a general war, is it not evident
that every Cabinet would be equally careful that Greece
should not be overwhelmed? Greece would soon have
alliances and trestle, and would not descend alone into
arena. But we must not stop here: Greece, in her reco-
vered state of freedom, armed like the Christian nations,
fortified, defended by engineers and by Artillery, which
they would at first borrow from their neighbours, and,
destined by her genius quickly to rise into a naval Power,
would, notwithstanding her small extent of territory, better
shelter the East of Europe than the unwieldy Ottoman
empire could do, and would form a counterpoise more
effective in the scale of nations. Moreover, the separation
of Greece from Turkey would not destroy the latter, which
could still have a vast number of European military
provinces. It might even be maintained that the Turkish
dynasty would be strengthened by being contracted, and
becoming entirely Mussnlman, and ridded of the Christian
population, placed on the frontiers of Christendom, whose
every movement is to be.apprehended, and which it is ne-
meary to watch as an enemy. The politicians of the
Porte even need that the Ottoman Government will not
be possessed of its full Weasels till it shall have re-entered
Asia. They are perhaps in 6e right.
In the last place, if the Divan were willing to treat for
the permeative independence of Greece, it might be pas.
tible, folthe latter to consent to pay a sum more or WS
considerable; the interests cf all would thus be protected.
Viewir.g the sttbject in all its bearings, the rights of Novo.'
reignty can never be looked upon with the same favensAlini
e)e under the dominion of the Crescent as under the'
empire of the Cross. Greece is already more than half de-
livered, already, she is politically organized, she has fleets
ani oink". she makes her blockades respected, and is
strong enough to maintain treaties. she contracts loans
with strangers, coins money, makes laws, and is a Ge-
vernment, de fueto, neither more nor less than the Otto-
man: her claim to political independence is as valued es
that of Turkey, although less ancient, and she has, mew
over, the advantage of professing the religion, and being
controlled by the principles which govern all the civilized
communions of the Christian world.

If these arguments have any strength, it only remains to
examine in what consists the danger and cause of alarm
which the establishment of a popular government would
give birth to in the east of Europe.
The Greeks, whom no power has yet been able to aid,
without compromising more immediate interests,—the
Greeks, who will rebuild the temple of their freedom with
their own hands, or be buried beneath its rtins,—have in-
contestably the right to choose the form of their political ex-
istence. It would be necessary to have shared in their pe-
rils to be entitled to interfere with their laws. There is
too much equity, too much knowledge, too much elevation,
of sentiment, too much magnanimity in the higher spheres
of social influence, to fear that the independence of a peo-
ple, who have fought and conquered as they have done to
tsise their prostrate freedom from the dust, will ever suffer
themselves to be again enslaved. But if reasoning from facts
we might hazard an opinion upon Greece ; if the divisions !
which have disturbed her give a true idea of her national
spirit; if her strong religious inclination, and the prepon-
deranceof her clergy explain the secret of her manners; if,
in short, the history which depicts to us the people of Attica!
and the Peloponnesus rising, after the lapse of more than,
a thousand years, from the double slavery of the Lower ,
Empire and of Mussulman fanaticism ; if this history fur-1
siMes a rational basis on which to rest our conjectures, we
should be lett to conclude that Greece, with the exception
of the islands, would lean rather to a Monarchical than to
a itcpubfican Constitution.
The rights of every citizen are as well preservetl,—par-
ticalarly among a veteran people, in a constitutional mo-
narchy as in a democratic state. If the passions bad been
has called into action, perhaps, at this (lay, great represen-
tative monarchies, secure in their legitimacy, would have
arisen in Spanish America. The wants of improved civili-
zation would have been satisfied, and that liberty, essential
to the advancement of knowledge, would have been esta-
blished without the ancient kingdoms of Europe being, for
the future, put in jeopardy by the existence of a new re-
publican world. The greatest political discovery of the last
century, a diszovery to which Statesmen have nut sufficient-
ly directed their attention, is the crec ion of a Representa-
tive Republic, such as exists in the United States. The
formation of that republic has solved a problem which was
thought incapable of solution, viz. the possibility of several
millions of men existing in society under popular institu-
tons. If in the states which are now forming, or regene-
rating, Representative lifunsrellies are not opposed to Re-
pesentatise Republics, or if it were attempted to go back
to ancient times, and to fight against human reason, as
against a public enemy, the chance is, that, before the
lapse of a century, all Europe would become republican,
nr fillets under the yoke of military despotism. Be that as it
may, it is likely enough that the adoption of a monarchical
farm by the Greeks would dissipate all appreltensions,unless,
weed, the constitutional monanshies were themselves sus-
Pxted. It would be unfortunate for crowned heads if the
totheur were locked upon as the sand-bank; It t us hop*
that so fatal a mistake is not shared by any enlightmed

A mediation shtch should merely require from Turkey
a government for Greece, similar to that of Wallachia and
M ntlasta. although it might have been well received two
years back, would now be rejected as inadequate. The re-
mutton is ton far advanced ; the Greeks seem resolved ei-
ther to expel the Turks, or be themselves exterminated. A
firm, enlightened, and disinterested policy would put an
end to so many massacres, would give a new nation to the
!11, and restore Greece to her just rank among nations.
e have spoken without passion, without prejudice, and
t nut illusion ; but with calmness, reserve, and modera-
tsr. on a subject in which we ar' deeply interested. It is
ir,t that the cause of Greece will he better served thus than
aedsenation: an apparent political problem which was,

political .
the regeneration __ parent of science
4 the laws, religion also requires her altars to be erected
* that city whose Paul preached amid the altars of THZ
UNINOWN 00D.

How glorious would it be that the restoration of the
monarchy of France should identify itself with the era that
enfranchised the country of this illustrious people! How
grand a sight would it be to behold the sons of Sr. Lours,
hardly re-seated on their throne, become at once the
liberator of kinpr, and the rescuer of oppressed nations!
P.:l is as it ought to be in human affairs, when sovereigns
place themselves at the head of their people, and lead them
on in that career which the real interests of those people
make it their willing duty to follow. All goes wrong in
human affairs when governments permit themselves to he
led in train by their people, and oppose, as well the pro-
gress as the demands of increasing civilization. Intelli-
gence being here out of its order, the superior information
being not in the power that by its wisdom should control,
but in the mass that requires to be controlled, the state is
rent by insurrections.
As private individuals, let us redouble our zeal for the
fate of the Greeks: let us protest on their behalf in the
face of thejworld 41et us fight for them. Awaiting with con-
fidence the prosperous issue of their cause, we at the same
time receive and solicit the public munificence towards its
support. We thank the generous and high-spirited youth
of France, who, to aid it, put their pleasures under tribute.
IVe well know the value of this magnanimity, and we ap-
preciate it as it deserves. What might not he done with
them, by addressing them in their own language, controlling
the exceu without checking the bent ofltheir genius, al-
ways prepared to sacrifice themselves, anti always anxious
to have it said to some new Psarcxxs, " The year has lost
its spring!" •
We would also express our gratiude to those officers, both
cavalry and infantry,who have offered their experience--their
services—their lives. Such is the mighty force of bravery and
talent, that a few men only can make victory incline to the
side of justice, or give time, by checking evil fortune, for a
mediation to be entered upon, and terms adjusted, to which
it shall be the interest of all parties to accede. Let the de-
termination of policy take what course it may', the cause of
the Greeks has become the popular cause. The inspiring
names of Sparta and of Athens have awakened the ener-
gies of the whole world; and in all parts of Europe socie-
ties have been formed in aid of the Ilellenists. Their
misfortunes and their valour have linked all hearts to the
issue of their struggle. Prayers and offerings are forward-
ed to them from the shores of India—they are forwarded
to them from the centre of the deserts of America ; her
cause is cordially embraced by the whole human race—
this recognition puts the seal to the glory of Greece.

Ilium Car nOLIC Mkvviisos.—An Aggregate Meeting
was held on Sunday, in Castlebar, in which a set of reso-
lutions was agreed to, condemnatory, among other matter,
of the conduct of one of their Representatives, Mr. James
Browne. From these resolutions a portion of the Meeting
dissented, and adopted another series in a different cha-
racte.

The East India Company'soutward-bound ships Lowther
Castle, Bombay. and Warren Hastings were all well in
lat. 8, 00, north long. IS. 00, west on the Ist June. The
Princess Charlotte of Wales, also outward bound, was
likewise all well in lat. 4, .54, north, long. 19, 33, west, on
the 3d June.

Sapio has been singing with great applause and success
at Edinburgh. He appeared as Orlando, in The Cabinet ;
Ifenry Bertram, in GUN Mannering ; Lord Aimworth, in
The Maid al the Mill ; and some other first-rate characters.
lle sung all through with the greatest effect every night to
full and fashionable houses. Some of his songs were charm-
ingly given. Ile now ranks next to Braham, as the most
accomplished male singer on the English stage, and must
soon take the first place. His character in private life is
as amiable and respectable as his public talents are distin-
guished. Mr. Sapio is engaged, we understand, at Liver-
pool and Duhlin successively. where he sings every night,
and wehrc his abilities and science cannot fail to be warmly
appreciated.
A young and blooming heiress of Staffordshire, worth
50,000/., has eloped, it is said, with"a young Gallipot of
Uttoxeter. Notwithstanding an ardent pursuit, the happy
pair reached the Gretna Temple of Hymen in safety, har-
ing distanced their pursuers by eleven hours. The bride-
groom may now " throw physic to the dogs."
IVe hear that Holborn is at length to be macadamised.
We must ever think the inhabitants are fitter for the year
1600, in still allowing Middle-row to exist. While they
are contemplating itsprovements in that fine street, now
the fourth in London in point of size, we must suggest an
alteration in their mode of watering, which is most dis-
agreeable ; why not use the cart, instead of that most awk-
ward scoop, which frightens horses, splashes carriages in
spite of splashing boards, cools gchtlemen hurrying to busi-
ness, and wets ladies although buried in their umbrella
'bonnets ?

The building at the corner of St. James's-street is at
length completed ; and instead of the Guards' Club House,
it is intended for a splendid Tavern and Hotel. We are
sorry the corner has not been rounded, for we predict that
such must or ought to be the case in all new streets, to
prevent accidents in the first place, and in the second, to
give a more extended view of the street. The situation is
admirably calculated for an Hotel ; and we have only now
to hope that some fire or avalanche (without creating
danger) would cause a fine open space for a General Sleep-
ing House for the use of club members and others, similar
to the Hummums, in Covent-garden.
The laws against smuggling are executed in Argyleshire
with exemplary severity. There are at this time 26 tnen,
and a woman of seventy-three years of age, in Inverary
gaol, for this offence. The usual penalty is a fine of to/.
failing in payment of which, imprisonment for six months.
We are happy to unit rstand that the herring fishing in
Lochfine is more prosperous than it has been for the last
three years. A passenger in the steam boat that leaves
Tarbert counted 151 hosts all busily engaged in this em-
ployment. Some of the boats catch this year as many as
two mazes, or 800 herrings, at a time. Many of the fishers
cure their fish. Those sold fresh, for the Glasgow or
Greenock market, bring about 11. a maze, or Ss. a hundred.
B.:tween Tarbert and Lochgilphead is the best place for
fishing. Formerly about 1000 boats were employed in this
fishing.—Caledr nig.: Mercury.

lame.
Charles Esq. Majeseire _
yesterday e. on board the Ranger, which proceeded to Bu-
enos Ayres.
General Brll, Commandant of the Royal Marines, resident in
London, has tithed from at situation, and hie Majesty, by en
Order in Council, has been pleased to abolish that appointment.
His Majesty, instead thereof, has been pleased to appoint Major.
General Campbell, late Commandant at Chatham, to be Deputy
Adjutant General to the Royal Marine Corps, and Brevet Major
William Collins to be Assistant Deputy Adjutant General, both
to be resident in London. Brevet Major George Jones to be Pay
Captain at Chatham, vice Collins.
The Georgian, East Talisman, from Bombay, arrived off this
port on Thursday. The Morley has also arrived in the Downs,
from Bengal. The former sailed from Ihnnbay on the 14th Feb.
and the latter from Bengal the 17th March. We learn from Cal.
cutta JoAn Bel that letters had been received from General Morel.
son, of the 24th Feb. Commodore Hayes was in the Ooratong river,
and about to attack a strong stockade, named Chingbela, in which
there weal garrison 1000 sarong. The Mug Sirdsrs had been im-
prisoned by the Burmese, in Arracan, and there were rumours
that the Mugs, in and near the capital, had been masesered. The
force order the Commodore consisted of the Vestal, Research,
Helen, Trusty, Asserghur, Pluto, Osprey, and some gun-boats.
An arrival from Rangoon had announced that the army was on the
move upwards, The Mariana left Rangoon on the 20th of Feb.
Another embarkation of elephants for Rangoon had taken place.—
The John Bull, of the 12th of March, states, that the Albion. on
board which vessel the Hon. John Adam was proceeding to Eng.
land, having had her cutwater seriously injured in a heavy squall,
an express had been sent down to the Morley to detain the ship un.l
til he could join her. Letters from General Morrison, on the let
of March, stated, that this army was then waiting the arrival of
the boats, to enable him to cross the arm of the sea, at the mouth
of Mayon. The latest accounts from Arracan state, that the ene.
my had all taken themselves off towards the Irrswaddy. It was
nimoored that overtures had reached our camp from Armatnesei
with intimations of a desire to put themselves under our Govern.
meat. It was not known whether the army would move by land,
or by water to Arracan. If by land, April would be the earliest
period of movemmt - Siamese chiefs
arrived at Rangoon,
They tame with ^fr
of as many more. ..
said to have produced
The Princess Chi,-
ing at this port, /-
bar next.
The Starling cuh
'-,esday. The
by Captain a
Colson, 146„
Sparshott, Purser, are appa.
On Monday last, the Resolution cutter, Lieutenant Bolman,
tender to his Majesty's ship Ganges, seized, off Christchurch, 90
tubs of spirits of brandy, which were deposited in the Custom.
house here on the following day.
The ships at present titling out at Chatham are, the Despatch,
18 guns, Captain Pearson,. fitting for Channel service. The Bus-
tard, 10 guns, Captain Sandom, for the West Indies. The Par.
titian, 10 guns, Hon. Capt. Barrington, is ready to sail to resume
her station off Scotland. The Rainbow, 21 guns, is just taken into
dcek to prepare for commissioning ; Captain 31'Lean is to have
her.—On Saturday the Mermaid, a fine 46 gun frigate, was launch.'
ed at the before-mentioned yard.
A ppointmente—Lieuteruant Spencer, L. S. Vassall, from the
Prince Regent, to the Ranger; Lieutenant Julio De Courcy Dash.
wood, from the Glasgow to the Rainbow ; Lieutenant G. S. Dyer,
from the Victory to the Glasgow ; Lieutenant J. Pratt, to the Hy-
perion. Captain !Rings, on the Sussex blocade station ; the Rev.
C. B. Rosenberg, Chaplain to the Jupiter, at Halifax.
Commander T. 31. Mason has been promoted to the rank of Cap.
rain. Lieutenants 11'. Lackraft (late Pyramus), N. Martin (late
of the Ordinary), Alexander Tait. of the Andromache, and G.
31itchener, have been promoted to the rank of Commander.
Mr. Jones, Assistant Surgeon of Portsmouth Yard, is ap-
pointed Surgeon of the Naval Yard yard at Bermuda.
His Majesty's ship Tweed, it is understood, is going to Ber-
muda. The Brazen will not sail with Captains Clipperton and
Pearce, until the 14th inst.
The Magnificent is fitting at this dock-yard as a convalescent
ship at Jamaica, and the Royal Oak as a convict depot at Ber-
muda.

The Leander, 50 guns, h ordered to be brought forward for a
lazaretto.

SHIPS IX Ilan nous—The Victory, Ganges, Royal George,
Pyramus, Fly, and Arrow.
Slurs At SPITHEAD.—GIasgow, Brazen, and Starling.
lody Byron arrived at Gosport on Wednesday last, in her
yacht, the Prince Coburg, and has since been staying at the
eitar Inn.

I aoooillPe attack Viat expected.
, . SUNDERLAND, Ato CST 11.
CORONER'S INQLTEST.
&Jury having been summoned, the following erldence was ad-
Lured .
1 John Cozen examined—l am a stirgebn, and was see! for on the
IMed'August. to attend the deceased ; I fotind a gunithot wound in
kM hoed; the ball entered the back part of the head and came out
M the front; he was alive, but died in a short time after; I have
ois doubt that his death was caused by this wound.
I Wm. Young, of Sunderland, seamen.s—On thr everting of the
lil of August. I was standing on a block of wood on the Nadi,
whim I saw Mr. Hutchinson, • ship,builder, on board the ship
ary, he presented a pistol at the people who were on shore. 1
die not belong to the Union Society. I saw the pistol go off, bat
I cannot say that it took effect or not. There here toldiers on
the Pfeil ; they fired, and I reckoned seven shots. I saw
ward
trd Wallace fall, and a sailor. Wallace only lived en hour
alter the shot. Ile belonged to one of the Associations, but I can't
yto which. There was a disturbance on the river. I saw frier
imns. the crews of which were endeavouringto to take the men out
keit
of the ships ; they boarded the ships for that purpose. I did net
bow the name of Mr. Hutchinson until after the shots were fired.
1!'• Me: Davidson examined—l received a communication on the
evening of the 3d of August, that the assistance of a Magistrate wee
`rendered necessary, in consequence of a riot which had taken place.
if did not attend officially to that message. In a quarter of an host
after my acting in this manner, Mr. Kitson, an attorney, came to
este, and requested me to go down immediately, as a considerable
alarm had taken place. I hastened down to the Exchange, and found
that a detachment of the 3d Light Dragoons, with several gentle.
men, merchants, and ship-owners, were waiting fora Magistrate. I
asked several gentlemen if they would state to me, upon oath, that
a riot existed P They answered in the affirmative, and I put the
oath to them. I asked them if a large assembly of people were
acting in a riotous and tumultuous manner P Their answer was,
that an alarming riot had occurred, and that murder was supposed
to have been committed. I left the room in which I met them
and went to the Officer commanding the detachment, and told hiss
'ts discharge my duty. Tha
men, went along with me
gentlemen were with us,.r
a cried out that murder had
that a parses No mos I
then left dm •
lea= I imt b e inducedl sr hi.
m,
to In a low
..: • ihaltiplaile of it as
:illa apellne, Irlsiett they
MIMI how many
people - - assembled; . _ •qt .1.14 persons present.
I requested the Officer to dispmae the oword. The soldiers drew
their sabres, at the sighliodwhlch the peephrosi the south side of the
river dispersed. During that time Mr. Robinson, a magistrate, had
arrived. We then proceeded along the quay, eastward, near 100
yards, and where it was supposed chat the riot continued to exist.
During that period Mr. 11. appeared, and said he had been ill.
treated, and. bad his stave taken from him by one of the rioters
in a fall. About this time two persons were apprehended, and
it was said that the people on board the ship Mary had bees very
ell-used. I was requested to go with the military in the boats,
and on going into the mid-channel, I discovered that the ships
in the harbour had their rigging and yards thronged with
people, who assailed us with stones. When we got more to the
nortit.side of the river, I perceived several boats filled with sea-
men, and attempted to board the loaded vessels as they came
down. We assisted a vessel to sea, and in doing so a quantity
of stones were thrown at its, and I think every one of us were hit.
The shore was crowded to a great extent. All the pedpie on
board our boat were wounded. I was hit on the back part of
the head. The noise was so great, and the stance flying so fast,
that I requested the Commanding Officer to have his men ready.
We proceeded further down the river, till we got opposite
the Cobbie slip on the South side, when the showers of stones
were so large and so frequent that I resolved upon consult.
ing the Commanding Officer upon the expediency of firing. The
Commanding Officer (Mr. Phillips) thought it advisable to
fire MO, with a view not to hurt any of the people on the shore,
mod !Wine that the first fire did DO injury. It had however the
edict of ideating the people more, and the stones came. if pas.'
sib* ha ma rester quantities than before. Mr. Phillips thee
said. It sem peoieble that Bring high would do as much mischief,
as grind 186.Meetonch as the hill., which was high on the north
skit, wee mowded with people who came out of curiosity, and who
took no port in the riot. After a few shots were fired, I can't ay
what au.. of persons dispersed, but we proceeded to sea with thh
mainiL During the firing I remarked that the seamen separated,
td token I returned to the harbour all was quiet on the river. In
ear way back we were not interrupted, and the vessels went to tea
A Juror—Was the Riot Act read on the North Shore when the
slaughter was committed ?
Mr. Davison—No, if it was read it could not be heard in con.
sapience of the noise and tumult which prevailed; that is my
opinion.
A Juror—Do you think that the Riot Act was known to be read
by the people on the south side of the river?
' hlr. Davison—l reud the Riot Act very loudly, and repeatedly
called silence.

A Juror—The people on both sides of the river could not hear the
lot Act rend ?
A Juror—lt might have been read from a boat.
A Juror—Ought it rot to have been read at both sides of the
ver ?

The CORONER could give no specific answer.
The witness examined by Air. Das, !sow, jun.—The crowd on
both aides of the river and on the water I consider tO have been
equally engaged in the riot. I know nothing of Aird or the other
men who were shot. I thought the riot at both sides the river was
the same. I could only read the Riot Act where I did with a view to
our personal safety. flail I proceeded otherwise I consider !should
have been murdered.

Mr. Laws was of opinion that the use of military was necessary
to disperse the crowd; and felt convinced, that if the soldiers had
not been placed on the ship where he was, they would have been all
murdered. The witness in continuation said that he did not think
the pistol of Mr. Hutchinson would have carried a ball to the shore,
much less have killed a person standing at such a distance.
S,vcral witnesses cotrobsrated Mr. Laws, as to the part taken
by Williams. and in opposition to his evidence.
Richard 'Thompson saw John Down fall ; he was one of the per- ,
sons killed by the tlring. He saw no stones thrown.
It wus here asked if Mr. Hutchinson might hot be examined ?
The Coronet agreed to do so ' • hut a Mr. Palmer was called, who
I swore that he was on board the ship Mary from the time of her
getting under way, and that no shot was tired by him or Mr.
Hutchinson, or any other person during that day. Mr. Hutehin.
1 son had n pair of unloaded pistols, which he presented, when
presently the boats sheered off.
Watford, the constable, swore that he was on board the Mary,
and that no gun was tired from her while he was on board of
her. _ . _

Other witnesses were called, and the Coroner summed tip the
evidence, when the Jury found a verdict of " Justifiable ifotni-
cide" on the part of the military.
---
I IlAct FOR 300 Sovrattows.—The match between
Anson, the Nottingham pedestrian, and Captain Nolan
Hammond, twenty miles, took place on Saturday over fire
miles of turf, at Thorpe, Essex, the Captain receiving five
minutes time. It was done as follows:
AWSOK. X. C. CAPT. 1131131CND. X. s.
Firvt five miles - 29 20 . . 30 ll
Second - 30 40 • - - 31 12
Third - - 31 4 . 33 C
. Fourth - 31 41.1 - . . 311 181

122 44 1211 38
Captain Hammond was beat to a stand gal in the last two
toilet.

, .
. .
eta flallowsn' g vessels started, viz. ;--.-The Flora, brio . •
GAS ErS- Indeed, &done belt thick 14 daistantly obsentect in 4,
,
...AROw.---. mist, is ',solved into a few --.......--..
P0RT140171.1. Aileen' e•
to Mr. J. Wallis • Ranger, Mr. Attlee Day ; Marqrloi Are the Greeks rebid* and a ? No. As Admillatt Sined____2l........ 61""" " "Kt a Flag Os" l° Angle ea, J. Saunders ; Fox. E. Stet/Sens, sere. ; Ranger.
UR LA ORECE. Wk. a
of St. Ilelen a, J. Love, and i. anny. (Iberia Ramey. They
Do they atm a nation whom it is passible to tia. Ro,:a% , .I.l*. sidarylhileet.lll‘44llL Cia.ani!litthaLie sugar's. ' ' '
tea De CNATRAIIRIAND.,
ear des Orees.—Paris, Li Norma treat? Yes. the Allier I tea, selected fa this arsieeloosiktand the Warepite, proceeded to the southward of the %Vest Black Buoy of the
ire, Rue de hairs Do they possess the social conditions requ'red by the law is elk hmlieds, hes bra tolr' Leotard, and put Middle Bank, off Norris Castle, then tq the &it
.White
' • of polity in order to be acknowledged by other nations ? in* la 11E0 bi " , 046."•1=• TM 81"4111 inm- Buoy of the Brambles, then to the West R Iltioy of the
he Briiise Prom of Friday.! They des bet/ a altlat te be . i', mu" a"6"Yane Brambles, and thence round the Ranger cutter moored oft'
the Ottoman Government the Is it possible to deliver them without disturbing the et- mares tied . nog& -- or,„,_ awired ow Cowes Castle (the goal of decision), tubing the'Sartie course
' its own Stara? • No. France. der of the world, without division, without taking up arms, mosant, die Wes mode quarantine afterwards three times, leaving the buoy! Old the Ranger
ere ought to respect her ancient and even without endangering the existence of Turkey ?at the alediallault, trek mod cane up to on the larboard hand. During the contest the etimpany
th strictness its anterior treaties It is, anti it may be accomplished in three months by a
no- Aritheades Widuts.det
ore nalkwl~tiar on the 6th of were amused by two bands performing on shofE, oh the
ed her resetting Parade and another band on board a vessel a short dit
it we must, however, put our- gle collective despatch, subscribed by the great powers of ir°°' harir tirlirb= $ whinsbewswasuassa fort, the ism]. " I
with Turkey on whieh she place' Europe, or by simultaneous despatches, expresairg the same own. nth a 4 moo moo& sa, ini since sailed for lance from the shore. The Flora, being_the first miter
i. In the eyes of Turkey foreign desire. It is such diplomatic pieces as these that one Deptford:a:is laid op atthat yard. Aia6.l.' - in, was entitled to thirty sovereigns ; Ranger mecontl;
:aided as Governments 'Jr facto, would be proud to sign with one's blood. We have rea- On T the Andromaise frigate, C. R. Alamein, twenty sovereigns • Fox third, twelve sovereighs • Mar.
Ai in any other light. She does soned in a spirit of conciliation, in the contemplation, and I"ind f""" 'eight d ' desire
Cape of deed Hope, fie she.Lialled. on the qua' of Anglesey fourth, sovereigns ; aii theg
it laws of Europe; she governs with the hope of a complete agreement between the 111thar. J.urneh.4o`c:ch•tar a"hey *llh. 18641" 18ftanfitvantileat vesicle to two sovereigns.
aide code: she has, for example, powers ; but, strictly speaking, a general union among the c„we en dweller a . tivip,....4 Cape.
btsTURBANCE AT SUNDERLAND.
g the Ambassadors of the nations the cabinets is not necessary for the emancipation of the Chapinge, was t Ind Sgsagleapr, Ato commence hostilities. She Greeks. A single power who would acknowledge their in- or War SWIM flees
valm.a.4jardiraidiktifitothlP&l "I • . • • k
in
--"..11......--
ritritacr Or A LETTER, DATED NEWCASTLE, •ITOUST 4.
law of nations. If a traveller, dependance would effect the purpose. Would all good The Andreae**
ilk gsgsmster .2Voli-s—' ' * Elm vR NO'. Last night, about six o'clock, a serious riot took place it
Ottoman empire, be protected, it understanding cease between that interposing power and fo um ow how hi, owe . y, last Sunderland, in *Web affair three persons (seamen) lost
pitality of public manners, and the different courts? Were sdl amicable relations discon- Thew". miss
Wm. "01, plan
,"") their flees, and a foOrth was desperately wounded.
of the Koran, but not by the tinned with England when she pursued the line of policy, dee. Nu atr ./trisent. the rewaindeeelf etwernor's.
,„ From what I can learn It appears that there is in Sun-
nnetions the individual Mussel- with respect to the Spanish colonies, which is here pointed
imerst Imre iiriel&wkw.th" IV:Tr '-' derlatid a Seaman's Society, Called " The Union Club,"
lius observer of his own con- out for Greece? And yet, what a difference is there be- ^",,„..c.„= f••••
Rhone are arbitrary and impolitic. tween the relative bearings of the question as applied to fr_""--""•"''',„ • -211411setbeCala re to tranaPard to who lave Of late been it war with the shipowners. These
pert de tbilailirietk gegialle to gasbag, mil Plnitssweheen. men observing a vessel going out Of the port, laden with
he Turks are not the laws of war both cases ! Greece heroically throws off her chains, and to ti;FyiTtqwlue. • •
death is the punishment of re- insure her triumph she needs only rte generous counts- The il sloop of war, _Cart Lard S• maw from coals, which Was manned with selinin not belonging to the
port determined on an attack; the principal shipowners,
rd are nude slams. The Porte nance of the Christian princes. They will not impeach the Itiecri!!""" on wedwaltario'o* rAClFea.lirthche „,,,,slthw:rthow who had been s*orn as ttlecial constablet, went out to pro-
le sovereignty over ben Mussy,- her courage, as they have been accustomed to calumniate of Nay, mats fah of Jane,
seas pilaf :&,,,,,A.efileim., us the teat the vessel, and when they had flared, her they were
aristian provinces her supremacy her good faith. We have only read the recited accounts icrh , gam/. lam Ilat LleuellastettlmCmn- boarded by near 406 itumen, who thee* the shipowners
re has no forces, there she teases of the French soldiers, who can estimate what valour is, Jam'dsigit hsw—roca . g Med albliallessellisas and Ms. and the crew of the vessel overboard, excepting the captain
of the Tanks among Christians is arid who have themselves shed their blood in the combats lags anligesyseehetset a the first& elfeeastreetillase and mate. The rioters afterwards got tlp lb the rigging.
i society, it is a military oecnpa-, they relate. Let any man read them, and he will acknow- End WI! PIN& .t•tirld 0_,.....4"10116'... u.,..,,""7"1".....c..14=0t The Military (the dragoons) having arrived; the riot act
But it may be said, would Greece, ledge the present inhabitants'of Greece are worthy to tread She fell In with an
is accounted of the same import- on their illustrious soil. one ship oe the line, cois a lalie,tr wasugues, --7-11-.0„ ~,,a „, was reed, which not producing the desired effect (the mob
Jul v they spoke the lbws Leaded. bee klewandhlaiseLlver- pelting them with atones, &c.), they fired, When several
ructions of Europe? Could she France, which hear left many noble memorials in pool—had left the place ig
.... Pis -disk& ofJulr persons were killed. When this account left Sunderland
• oppossition to the hostile enter- the east—,who 'saw her soldiers triumphant in Egypt,, spoke the Midas, of
immeowidiwaigi*wimpaiii b"walattoinDisera. all was comparatively quiet. The military Were on the
!never it be? We will ask, does Jerusalem, Constantinople, and Athens; France—eldest South Well& J
tier ?Is not her openness to in daughter of Greece, by her courage, genius, and the arts, ',ln: Zit" ." l"' 116,01"9"It‘liP 1641". lad alert.
? In her wars with %entailed woultl contemplate wall joy the regeneration of that noble ttenl Wreaths ea tlwe It *Jam he Mem The - Another letter states, that Sunderland was Much agi-
rbe Sybillealland Weasel yen etelorfs, hat gillsg to Wiese • Ti.. tested, but that every precaution had been tiled by the
ed her means and mode of resist- and unfortunate country, and would devoutly take up her seringsparan sad Cambrian were at Staynia, andChinedsee at proper anchorldert. According to this letter five penitent
name:ma, and they are brave cross. If philanthropy raises her voice in favour of liu- Zante.
attack *its expected.
but they become panic-struck as manity—if the learned, as well a the political world Charles Ilkketts. Esq. his StetitseVensul-Geaseal at Peru,
are killed. One man wan killed by a trenny-piece, And
which meads' to B„. another
dilly, and a few disciplined regi- aspire to witness the regeneration of the parent of science yesterday embarked on board the ,

aeniT—Th-ree-4 ia.m—ese. chiefs from Manahan had that as a Magistrate I was ready to dis
goon, and were received with militery honours. Party, consisting of about twenty.four in
omen of assistance with 1%0114 men, and a pledge through the Iltgh.street, and other gem
e. In a slight iffeir et Tantahn, wer realms ere We were met by several ;Persona, who en
duced a very great effect oe the Bennese. bentemetniitted, and
endlt_ir, onyperiad th
Charlotte, intended to mount 1131124aes awn et_„fiklaeberti ._ „hed,
is expected to be launched abaci 016146 Ileides. amliewwwwe" °he the '"""'""'"vwww at
dreareed that 4 nowidarable eat
cutter, Lieutenant Stuart, negruad from a miss owe ht read the Riot Alt. The
the Fly stoop of war was agate anernhaioned on vole,before the Act wee ma* relleil likri
sputa Wetherell, to be hued tot foreign service. were necessary. 1 desired the ger* I
than, /resting, and T. Tbluspion, and Mr. were not tee ned to eta it wits unfit
Ir. ere appointed to tier. _ rople were assembled; there were at let
