,_~,

r'

• •
I have a much more pleasing object to fulfil it ad-
dressing you : I feel a greater degree of pleasure
in referring to the Institution, which is the subject
of our meeting. I do not mean to allude to the
ordinary purposes of the Institution, or that which
so peculiarly recommends it as one devoted to cha-
ritable purposes; I do not allude to any thing of
the kind; there is something in the present crisis of
affairs so awful, and there is something in the cir-
cumstances of this Meeting so much out of the
or-
dinary course, that it places all other considerations
out of the quc..:ion. It is at a moment like this,
that such a Meeting is likely to be productive of
the most essential advantages. I look with san-
guine expectations to the effect which will be pro-
duced throughout Ireland, by the sentiments
unanimously expressed by a meeting so respe6l-
- constituted as this is. I do not wish to row
jealousies: but it is vain for any man to pre-
tend not to see what is the present state of Ireland.
It has been said, that an Assembly like this is not
the proper place for political discussions. I shall not
incur the censure attached to that observation, by any
thing I shall address to von. I am sensible, that it is
by imparting the spirit by which this meeting
is actuated, that caa alone be serviceable to the in-
terests of the Empire in general, and particularly of
Ireland. I consider you, my countrymen, to whom
I am addressing myself, as the representatives of
Ireland. The people of Ireland, speaking of you,
will say, These arc men met to celebrate a festival
in which we are essentially interested ; let us see
what are their sentiments ; let us determine from
their expressions what we are to do.' 'This is a body
uncontrolled by Ministerial influence—[A violent
cry of Hcar! hear!] unseduced by power, and un-
awed by fear. It is from their opinion (I am
speaking the language of the people of Ireland,)
we will take the tone of our political sentiments."
I will then say, let this meeting communicate the
tone of its sentiments to the people of Ireland. Al-
though we can come to no resolution, yet the senti-
ments we shall express will be immediatelyfelt through-
out every part of Ireland. I know that in expressing
my sentiments I carry with me the force and weight
which the sanaion of this meeting imparts. I would
say to the people of Ireland, regard the policy of
those whom I will not at present call our enemies, but
who certainly have endeavoured to throw a cloud
over the prosperity of the country.—l will say to
them, redea, that the advantages they have uni-
formly held out, have been founded upon the prin-
ciple of sowing the seeds of dissention among nations.
I o ill say to the people of Ireland, from what has
passed, dread the future.—(Great applause.) I will
say, what have any classes of you in Ireland to hope
from the French ! (None ! none ! was repeated from
all parts of the room.) I will say to them, is it your
property you wish to preserve ! Look to the ex-
ample of Holland, and see how that nation has
preserved its property by alliance with the
French!—ls it independence you court! Look to the
example of unhappy Switzerland (Hear, hear.) See
to what a state of servile abasement that once
manly territory has fallen, under France.—ls it
civil liberty you require ! look to France itself,
crouched under despotism, and groaning beneath a
system of slavery, beyond whatever disgraced and
insulted any nation. Is it possible that any heart nur-
tured in the blessed air of Ireland can look to French
proteclion for happiness ! Is it possible there can be
one head so organized,ar. eot to see from the evidence
of fasts, for the last few years, that the :iberty the
French offer, is but another term far abjection and sla-
very! I am not sounding the trump of war—there is
no man who hopes for peace more than-1 do, soldier
as I am, and ready to serve my country—(Bravo
was exclaimed by several persoos)—His Lordship, after
some further observations of a similar tendency,
said, " Whatever may await us, let us meet the pe.
rig which the condu& of our adversary is calculated.
to infuse into our souls—Danger is a giant to those
who fear, but a pigmy to those who know not
what fear is ; and confident I am, the spi-
rit of the country will be aroused to dread-
ful vengeance against those who shall dare to
provoke it.—The spirit cf Englishmen and
Irishmen will manifest, will teach their enemies,
that they have mistaken their chara6ter, and from
their disposition to peace falsely infered their aver-
sion to war. (A gen,ral burst of applause.) What-
ever may be the views of France, site will find her-
self greatly deceived in her e:cpeetations, with regard
to assistance or co-operation in any part of the United
Kingdom. Those views, which I firmly believe she
meditates, will never be seconded by any but a despe-
rate and impotent rabble."—He then adverted to
the stability acquired by the. Union of England,
Wales, Scotland, and Ireland; impressed the valour
of those several branches of the empire ; the identity
of interest which knit them together, and the im-
possibility of any enemy prevailing against them,
while they continued tirn:ly united to each other.—
He trusted that every man in the country would
exert himself for the maintenance of the national
fame ; and observed, that there was no one so hum-
ble as not to be called upon to vindicate, in his own
person, the honor, the interest, the character, and
the glory of the British Empire. His Lordship's
observations were received with repeated bursts of
applause and admiration. The extreme length of
his Lordship's speech, compelled us to omit many
passages of it. It was a splendid piece of elo-
quence, and delivered with great animation.
rest of the evening was devoted to festive
mirth, and long after the noble Chairman hadre-
tired, the company continued to do lio,lour to the
tetular Saint of Ireland.

There has been lately a gieat influx of specie
from France into this counti-y. Three toa, are
stated to have been brought over from Calais in the
course of last week. This is the cause assigned fur
the late order in France prohibiting its exportation.
Yesterday morning a poor woman, in a state of
insanity (whose husband was impressed a few days
since) threw herself out of a three-pair-of-stairs
window, in Crown-court, Fleet-street, and was killed
on the spot.
Yesterday was buried, at Marybone, HENRY
FEARUN, Esq. of the Adelphi, a surgeon of very
considerable eminence, and A man no less distin-
guished for his professional abilities than for his pri-
vate virtues, and in particular, his hunianity, cha-
rity, and benevolence. He died in atlinent circum-
stances, the fruits of his own inj.iistly and perse-
verance. The funeral was attended by a con-
course of lamenting friends, and a number of me-
dical gentlemen of high charafter, who wished to pay
this last tribute to the memory of a practitioner,
who has left very few equals behind him.

. ..

.

I

N 4 .AL INTELLIGENCE.

PLYMOUTH, MAIO§ 15.
I Came in the Ata!ante, of 18 guns, Capt. Male-
field, from Mount's Bay, and towed up the Galgo,
of 14 guns, from the same place, with the loss of
her foremast ; the latter is in Cawsand-bay.
Sailed the Sirius, of 36 guns, Captain Provte,
under sealed orders ; she is completely equipped
with a war complement of men and stores.
The crew of the.Arvoltiticenai, t, of 40 puns, are
to be turned over to the• Plantagenet, of 74 guns,
Capt. / lammond, now fitting in liammize. Came
from Hann.^ize to Cawsand Bay, the Courageux, of
74 guns, Captain Hardy, and the Nemesis, cl fed
guns, Capt. Somerville.
Two expresses arrived here from London, one
yesterday evening, the othar this morning; the
latter said to he with direCtions for the Nemesis and
iliakinte to sail immediately under sealed orders.
The bakers in the ViCtualling-office here, are di-
reCted to bake 18 suits of buiscuit each day instead
of 12 ; and the blacksmiths in the Dock-yards are
diredled to work three days I.ir one; in short, in
every department, the greatest aEtivity is used to
expedite the public service.
Sailed this evening to the westward the Nemesis,
of Z 8 guns, Capt. Somerville ; and the Atalanie, of
18 guns, Capt. Maseiield.
Last evening, after post, the eight French fishing-
boats which came in from Dieppe last Friday with
fish, &c. for a market, sailed for Dieppe, as the
masters and crews had heard of the King's Message
and the bounty offered for seamen, ansl of course
were, in case of a rupture, afraid of an embargo ;
they were manned with 100 very fine-looking men,
mostly seamen. This forenoon the twelve recruit-
ing parties from this division of Royal Marines,
headed by their Officers, marched through Stone-
house and Plymouth to their respeetive des:inajons ;
they were attended to the end of the town by their
excellent band, in full uniform, playing, " Rule
Britannia, Britons Strike Home, the Grenadiers
March," and several other national tunes. The
men were in high order and is great spirits on this
occasion. This valuable corps is to be completed to
its establishment as soon as possible.
The Right Hon. Admiral Lord Keith, K. B. of
the Blue squadron, is hourly expeifted at Dock, to
superintend the fitting out the Beet of observa-
tion at this port.
The destination of the Culloden, of 74 guns, is
certainly the East Indies. There was a very hot
press last night ; several hands were picked up and
seat on board the flag-ship in Harnoaze ; to prevent
confusion, the constables of the night attended the
different gangs.
_ _

PORTSMOUTH, MARCH 16.

Last night sailed his Majesty's sloop Kite, of 1$
guns, Capt. Pipon, and Morgiana, of to guns,
Capt. Raynsford, to the eastward.
Remain at Spithead, the Neitane, YeneraUe,
Calcutta, La .Ilinerve, Hydra, Aknune, Aurora, La
Determinie, Port Mchon, and Pigmy.—Wind W. and
variable.
Licaitenant Gilbert Brice is appointed first cf his
Majesty's ship Dreadnought, of 98 guns, Cart.
Bowen, titling in the harbour.
Several revenue cutters, with a Lieutenant of the
Navy in each, have sailed to the westward, to meet
the merchant ships coming up Channel, and to im-
press such spare hands as may be on board them.
His Majesty's ships Diamond of ;Sti guns, Captain
Elphinstone, and l',4;gle, cf 36 guns, Capt. Wolfe,
made signals fir sailing out of harbour, bet were
prevented by the wind backing to the southward.

SHEERNESS, MARCH I.
Arrived the Ccnsfance, from: the river Thames, full
manned. The Albion, of 71 guns, goes to the fore
to-morrow, under the command of an old veteran.
o(licer, Capt. FERRIER. The Ckargcr, gun-vessel,
is ordered to sea immediately.
The detachment of the line, which came hare yes-
terday, do duty in the King's dock-yard : a measure
highly proper, and which does credit to the vigilant.*
of those in office; for nothing certainly can be of
more importance at this momentous crisis than to
guard all :meal arsenals. •
Three fine frigates, the Amelia, Eihalion, and
African, arc, we understand, all to cruize off Gorec,
to watch the motion of the Dutch, should it be ne-
cessary, to give timely information to Government.
Lieut. J oars NL)RRIS, of the Royal Navy, a me-
ritorious Officer, is appointed First Lieutenant, un-
der Capt. HOTHAM, in the Raisonable, fitting out
here.

The Mag,istrates, at this place, hare ordered their
Consul)les to take up all able-bodied vagrants, and
deliver them to the Commander in Chief hare, to -
serve in the Royal Navy.

DOVER, MARCH 16.

Sailed this afternoon for Boulogne, the Prince °yr
Wales packet, with mail, Freach messenger, and
followin2; passcng..srs : Mr. Lavatcr, Mr. Aiechoe,
Mr. Senne, Mr. ligner, Mr. Bate, Mr.- Andre,
Mr. Brunet, and Mr. Stanley.

FIVE O'CLOCK, P. M.
Mr. Chazel, mentioned yesterday, is just re-
turned from London with dispatches.
The .daif is just arrived from Cal.,:s with pas sen-
gns. _ _

Extra& of a Letter from, an 01Beer on board the
Rarnier, dated Java Seas, 22d Jan. 1902. " By
the litelledey, which sailed from Bengal on the t.,,ta
ult. 1 infw-med you of my having volunteered to
go on a secret expedition then fittirt out, the de'i-
tination of which was at that time a profound se-
cret: but it is so no longer; and I need hardly
c.bserve, that it is to occupy th,: island of Macao,
situated at the entraace of the river Canton, which
the Portuguese, by the late treaty of peace, are said
to have made over to the French; who would, if
established there, annoy our Chiaa trade exceed-
ingly. Our force is composed of one company of
Bengal artillery, one of the isth regiment of High-
landers, and 500 sepoys, embarked in the Asia,
Dover Cade, a.ld Rainier East Indiamen, and
escorted by the Arrogant, Captain 0,11,..rne, and
Orpheus, Captain Elphinstone. Sir Home Pop-
ham accompanied us to Peel() Penang, when Ad-
miral Rainier took the command. • At Penang, the
Admiral took all his provisions out, except enough
to carry him to Madras, from whence we puAlcd
on to Malacca, and waited a fortnight, till the two
men of war joined us. We are to stop a- few days
at Amboyna, after which we launch away to the
Eastward of all the islands, even the Phillipines and
Pelews, into the PacLc Ocean, before crossing fat
N. E, trade for Canton, which will take us at 14.45 t
six weeks most:"
