BILIOUS AND LIVER COMPLAINTS.

AS a mild and effectual Remedy for all those Disorders
which originate In a vitiated action of the Liver and Ifiliary
Organs. namely Indigestion, Loss of Appetite, Head-ache, Heart-
burn, Flatulencies, Spasms, Costiveness, Affections of the Liver,
&c. ike. DIXON'S A NTIBI LIOUS PILLS have met with
more general approval than any other Medicine whatsoever. They
unite every recommendation of mild operation with •accessful effect ;
and require no restraint or confinement whatever during their use.
In tropical climates, where the consequences of redundant and
vitiated bile are so prevalent and alarming, they are an invaivahle
and efficient protection. They are likewise peculiarly calculated to
correct disorders arising from excesses of the table, to restore the
tune of the stomach, and to remove most complaints occasioned by
irregularity of the bowels.
Sold in Boxes, at 2s. thl.; 45.6 I.; I Is.; and 225, by Butler, Che.
mists, 4, Chcapside, corner of St. Paul's, and .14, Sackville.street,
Dublin; Savory and Co. 136. New !Bond-street, and n), Regent
street; anti by the principal Medicine Venders throughout the
United Kingdom.
Of whom may be had,
PARSON'S 110OPINti COUGH IVIEDICINg, an effectual
and safe remedy for this dangerous complaint. In packets, at
2s 9d.

Lord CA LTHORPE could not approve of the system of the
Corn lows ; however, he thought Oben candour to do justice to
the honesty of those by whom they had been framed. His Lord.
ship was satisfied that they were psseed in sincerity and good faith,
and that ►t the time threw laws were panted, the good of the min.
munity at large was considered mere than the interest of the landed
proprietors. Serious 6ff:utiles might. however, arise from key•
ing the subject as it now stood. The Paean mode of correcting the
evils of the system, and of curing all delusion*, was to submit the
whole syineut to the consideration of Parliament. If a Committee
were appointed, there would be at, opportunity of throwing light
upon the subject, which hi a been so little understood. The Noble
Carl at the head of the Treasury bad acted wisely upoo a fete oc.
casitm, by following such a course on the subject of the currency.
When a disposition existtd in two contending parties to ehteettin
exaggerated opinitias, the better way would be to institute sat in.
quiry,,aml to induce all to loos into the matter with rdinness and
moderation, and 'oritig in upon the subject that immense mass
of isiformatinn which pervaded the community. lie thought the
Government wrong in abstaining from inquiry ; they were doing a
great injustice to tnemselves and to the country by such forbear.
once ; and even it they apprehended a defeat of any attempt to
carry their views through Parliament. such defeat would only
elevate them in public estimation. When he coratidered the m.
spect which they had acquired in their elibris to establish a free
trade, he thought they were doing a great act of injustice to them.
selves in riframing from introducing the subject into Parliament.
Unless Ministers extended their liberal views on trade to the Corn
Lawn, they would not deserve that character which the country was
disposed to allow them. His Lordahip'thought a revision of the
Corn Laws an indispensable ,step in that wise course of policy
which was expected from the present Ministry.
The Earl of LIMERICK raid, that without meaning anything
personally offensive to the Noble Lord, lie thought the speeds
which hail been just delivered was impregnated with die spirit which
ti-reviled the parish from which the petition was presented. His
Lordship hoped the people of :his country had too mush good sense
to be led away by the advice given to them, which, if oulupted,
could only feud to irritation mad confusion.
Viscount t;LIEDE.N Old Lot vto.ll to have the question brought
forward this Session, and thought it prudent and siert in his Ala.
jest'', Ministers to abvtain from the Introduction of it after the
late discussions on the ettenmett which had excited Rome anxiety
and irritation. The dlsculuileil of the Corn Laws would only renew
that irritation which it wesuill homed deeirahle m avoid. He hoped
however the subject wonid be considered at no remote period; and
in Order to give a fair proreetion to the agricultural interests, some
etleolitugesterst insist be &Meted them, •sAd he hail ne Alnabt bat a
system of moderate duties would stem better for that purpotte

STA3I P OFFICE.
Sir F. OMMANEY moved for returns of all sums of money
paid into the Stamp Office on Fire and Life Assuranten in Ireland, '
with the date of payment.
POST-OFFICE, DUBLIN.
Sir JOHN NEWPORT moved for a return of the number of
persons employed in the P.at.olfice in Dublin, with the amount of
salary paid to each individual ; the number of persons residing in
that building, the number of persons in each family so resident,
and for other particulars relative to that establishment—Ordered.
OFFENCES AT SEA BILL.
31r. J. W. CROKkR moved the Order of the Day for the se-
cond roweling of the Offances at Sea Bill _Committed for to.moreuw.
scoTell ASSAULT AND BATTERY BILL.
The Assault and Battery (Scotland) Bill was read a third time
and passed.
GAME LAWS.
Mr. 311LI)MAV moved fora return of the number of persona,
eontinitted to gaol for offences against the Game Laws during the
year 1325 ; also for a return of the number of persons admitted into
hospitals for the same period, in consequence of hurts received
(ruin spring guns, as far as the same could be escertainal.—Or-
dared.
DEI;TOR AND CREDITOR ARRANGEMENT BILL.
31r. lilt IGHI' postponed the further consideration of the Report
on the Debtor and Creditor Arrangement Bill to Thursday fort-
night.
LI 0 T. H 0 USE HATES.
31r. HUME rase, pursuant to notice, to move for returns re.
lathe to light.bovars un the coast of Scotland. The management
of light-houses., he observed, was on a different footing in the two
countries. In :Aigland it lay with the Trinity House, a Society
' of experienced naval officers ; pdtile in Scotland it was submitted to
the Board of Commissioners of Northern Lights, who were almost
all members of the legal profession, and without any experience of
nautical affairs. In loosing for these rename he did not mean to
impugn the conduct of these individuals, but merely to know
I whether the complaints made against them were well founded or
not Ile concluded by moving for a return of the revenues ensuing
from the bight-houses under the control of the Commissioners of
Northern Lights for the last five years, showing the rate per cent.
paid lie the collection of the debts, if any, and also of the ex.
penditurea of the Commissioners in detail, for the last five
years the amount of salsritut paid, cost of stores, expenses of
light:houses and yachts. Also for similar returns from the Trustees
ot the Clyde Navigation, and also for returns of light-bowies on
the meat of Scotland not under the control of the Commissioners
of Northern Lights.
The LORD ADVOCATE, in vindication of the Commis-
sioners, said he would refer to the works they had executed for a
proof of their competency, and declared that it was their wish to
afford every facility to investigation.
After a few words tiont Sir J. YORKE, Sir J. NEWPORT. Mr.
Ross. end Mr. ELLILE. in favour of vesting the entire contnil
of light-houses in the Trinity House, and from Captain IWEintres,
who was averse to that proposition, the returns were ordered.
CORN LAWS.
Lord FOLKESTONE presented a petition from Rochdale,
praying for a revision of the Corn Laws, and a redaction of taxa-
tion.

Colonel JOHNSTON supported the prayer of the petition ; the
alterations deinati by the petitioners, he said, could alone renovate
she country. H e condemned the late mamma of Government,
rveularly the pallier adthia,ten of paper curyng.
Air. Secretary Ph.}:l, said a few words to reply, the purport of
which we weld net catch,

Ireland were only v....
ries and Archbishoprics
which amounted to li.r
thought the me ce-
Hon. Gentleman :
the principal points ti.. ____
the appointment of a Committee.
Mr. GOULBURN said this was not the first time the Right
Hon. Gentleman had chosen to bring this subject before the House,
end he (Mr. Goulbonn would, perhaps, be justified in leaving it
to the former judgments of the House, as well as to the argument
used on a former occasion by his Right Hon. Friend the Attorney-
General for Ireland, of whose service he was at present deprived by
a aeverejadispoaition. The proposal of the Right Hon. °end:lotto
Involved not only the property of the Irish clergy. but that of the
English clergy and of other orders by the eaten:stun of its principle.
The Right Hon. Gentleman in feet called upon the Irish clergy
to build and repair churches out of the incomes allotted to them
for the administration of their sacred duties. The first fruits were
given back to the Irish clergy, at the time stoked by the Right lion.
Gentleman. for two purposes. Far the augmentmiun of their in.
comes. and for the building and repairing of churches. The Right
Hon. Gentleman was dissatisfied that this revenue did not Kochi,*
Ica ninth in England as it did in Ireland, and et, this ground he
proposed that the Irish clergy should detray a public chage truth
!heir private incomes. He could look upon this proposition in 114
other lifht hut as 'mattock upon the clergy of the mnablished
Duch
in Ireland. In Ms (Mr. Goolborn 4) opinion, the Right
Gentleman was inaccurate in his facts, and incorrect in hie
to It was suite ineonsietent to say that the first fruit* of a h..
DitAce was the hest year's income. When the Pope had 'the first
'fro* be never prssaared to ask for more than halfthe year's ier
,

maw, and this was complained of as a grievous Imposition. Any
lawyer could have told the Right Honourable Gentleman that
ihe first fruits was not the first year's income of any eecleeiasticsl
dignity, but a certain sum fixed by a former valuation.
The/aunts of 28 Ilse. Vf iI. refereed to a composition as agreed
between the panics, and which would be never interfered with if
properly undeestood. He knew the Right Hon. Baronet would
say, that by the concluding words of that Act, it empowered a
new valuation, but such was not the case. The Commission, com.
petard of the Lord Chancellor, the Master of the Rolls. and the
finder•Tressuret, were directed to examine, and search into the
valuation of the First Fruits, for the first year of the tiring. He
wield not detain the House by feuding all the Acts on the subject,
tar be thought, if the Right lion. Baronet would only look back to
the preceding Act of the 26th Hen. VIII. wherein it was enacted,
that if the First Fruits were not compounded for, it remained with
the King to take the property into his own hands, that the argu-
ment for power of composition was irresistible as vested in those
leociamissioners. The next statute which related to the Tenths,
WAS a very different one, inasmuch as it did not comprehend the
Commissioners of the former, bitt appointed persons qualified to go
into the moat minute detail on the subject. if, then, the argument
of the Right Hon. Baronet was not founded in fact—that the First
Fruits was not the trite value, and that the lst statute of Henry
VIII, did not allow the Commissioners the pewee of receiver',
then he considered there was an cad of the Right lion. Baronet's
reasoning altogether. The First Fruits were never taken at the
whole nomad the living. The question was, whether the House
would Arm that the income of the clergy of Ireland was too much.
The quisdos also was, whether churches were necessary in Ire.
loads and if necessary, whether they were to be maintained
,*illy at the expense of the clergy. Certainly, he (Mr.
fifialllikent) would say that the House would not entertain any
eill*lleopoeitions as those. The Rt. lion. Gentleman had adverted
tothe disproportion that existed between the First Fruits and the
valved the living ; he (Mr. Goulburn) could only say. that the
Wittqwwitlea was axed so qtly as the reign of Henry VIII. a pe-
riod of three hundred years. since which it had gone on without al.
martens and that in England as well as Ireland. He 'culd ask,
if there were no other grounds on which to put the question,
namely, those of feudal rents and feudal tenure. The Right Hon.
Umlaut had said that there was a great disproportion between the
interests of the Church of England and the Church of Ireland ' • he
(Mr. Goulburn) would admit that there was. The English church
was subject to the tenths, and that of Ireland to twentieths, and he
admitted that in that respect there was a difference as between ten
and twenty : be only cited this to show that the Irish church was
thought entitled to indulgence, stud he was prepared now to say that
the Irish church incoir.e should be retained at a large amount. The
Right Hon. Baronet said also there was a difference between the
Maims of the sees of Ireland and those of England, but he ought
to have shewn that there was a happy propriety in those of England
before he drew that distinction. Could not he ( Mr. Goulbern)
hod as much difference existing between those or 'Ehgland as wan:
complained of by the Right lion. Baronet ? if he cuuld int an. then
the Right lion. Baronet must extend his principle a legislation to
•fingiand as well as Ireland. Did he think that the sees of St.
Asaph and Chester were equal in amount, or that. Chester was to
be compared with Bangor. The fact was, that Chester, which was
the least valuable, paid more than the others ; and that was proved
by the circumstance of the prelates being t:snslatcd to either of the
others from that see. The Right lion. Baronet also contended
for his principle on the ground of grants of money being made for
churches in Ireland • he (Mr.. Coulburn) would ask if it wasnot so
in England ? Ile (Mr. Goulbum) wished to know how the Eng.
1..11 crutch was to exempt itself from the repair' and building of
churches which the Right Hon. Baronet claimed for Ireland. Ile
must contend that the clergy were not the only pastels benefit-
ed by churches : they were not built for their benefit alone; the
maintenance of the church was not more the ditty of the clergy
coati the peasant—religion was a common obligation binding upon
a:t persons, and the expenses attending it should be borne and paid
equally by the whole community. The Right Hon. Baronet call-
ed upon the House to attack a partial case: as well might he say
that the officers of the Crown were liable to the repairs of the Crown
buildings in which they reside], or that soldiers should be called
upon to pay for their barracks, because they profited by the buei_
messes of which they were conversant : such a principle was impost
table for any man to maintain, and he was sure that the House of
Commons would never come to a resolution which should render
the clergy alone responsible for the expenses of churches; such a
proposition, which would be altogether so unjost, he was certain
woul.l never be entertairred by Parliamerit The etnestion deeply
ievelved a principle of law as well as policy. He (Mr. Goulburn)
would not trespass further on the attention of the House, but
!should content hinted( with resisting the motion of the Right Hon.
Baronet, because he never could consent that the clergy should be
called apon.to pay for the repairing and building the churches of
the empire in defiance of the solemn decision of the law ; In pun-
celar, he neon would consent to a measure which would render
paupers a class of persons to whom the country owed a debt of gra-
titude. (Hear.)
Mr. SPRING RICE supported the motion of his Right Hon.
Friend (Sir John Newport)
Mr. DAWS(IN contended that the misused interference of the
Right Hon. Baronet was not founded in justice; and that both the
'tight Hon. Baronet and the mime Hon. Member (Mr. Spring
Rice) had bras omit/ in understanding the statute, by taking it
fir granted that it Imposed a necessity of a full valuation for, on
tie contrary, such a circumstance was never required. From the
time of Hen. VIII. down to the present period there had been four
valuations. big they were not the valuations of all the livings in
Ireland. In the mita* 01' Elizabeth, James the First, Charles
the First, and fades thia Second, valuations had been made,
but they 'were of livings that had not been previously values!.
The Act of James I. which empowered certain Cornmissimers to
value livings in the North of Ireland, said that the livings must not
be valued at their actual rent. It appeared that the King, who was
then the actual possessor of the livings, never intended to take a
'full composition, but that what was taken was to extend tar ever.
Toe Right Hon. Baronet had therefore gone altogether on a wrong
a-eurnent, and the question was not founded in justice, because
they could not lay down the law for Ireland without also having
reference to the same subject in England, for both must be included.
The Act which first applied to first fruits was that of 26th Henry
VIII. which required it to be paid by Archbishops, Bishops,
Deans, and indeed by every men.ber of the Lhurch, as well as by
Monasteries, Abbeys, &c. The Act for the dissolution of those
eleablishments did not take place until the 28t1: Henry VIII., and
it was well known that mauy of those lands had parsed into the
heads of lay proprietors. lie (Mr. Dawson) did not see how they
were to be exempted—having been ecclesiastical lands—if the
operation in question should take place. If the resolution was
• mooted for re-valuing the lands in Ireland. the impropriated lands
wait undergo the same re-valuation. The Church of Ireland was
deservedly popular, its members had shewn feelings of the most
liberal and christian charity the most exemplary for many years
past, and their general character was honourable in the hig his
de-
gree ; fur those reckons he should oppose the motion, and also be.
cause he had never seen or heard any thing which could possibly
justify such a measure.
Mr. LOCKHART opposed the motion, and said that the con-
dos of henry VIII. in respect to the property of the church was
illegal, and he decidedly refused proceeding in his steps. It was
net for the House to invade the property of the Church, which
most be considered sacred and inviolate. It was quite sufficient to
know what Queen Anne had done, without gniag tack to a further
period.
Mr. HI said that the Right Hon. Gereleman (Mr. Goul.
burn) objected that the motion was contrary to law and justice,
sad, SA was generally the case on such retasiona, he had called in
'aid the danger of the church, and of property of all other kinds
VA: which it was at all connected. It was much better that each
CAW should rest upon its own merits. It was not for him (Mr.
*fume) to say whether Henry VIII. was right in what he had done
respecting church property, but the law had said he was right—
Parliament had given him those revenues eolith he had again given
to laymen and othe-s. Queen Anne had given up her rights
far the express purpose of builfiing and repairing churches,
and he did not believe that her intention was doubted.
He did not believe that his Majesty's Ministers, in refusing to
accede to such a proposition as that recommended by the Right
Hon. Baronet cot Id found their refute, on the opinion of the law
Mirrors of the Crown. The law was too express in its terms to
alma a doubt on the subject of its application in the prevent in.
ranee. It said, "Collecting and ascertaining the true and exact
value of all bishoprics and livings in Ireland then or thereafter."
The meaning of those words appeared explicitly to convey the idea
of a regular and continued valuation front time to time, according
to the circumetences which might arise to require it. Now the
Right Hon. Gentleman opposite (Mr. Goulburn) bad asserted that
the motion of the Right Hon. Baronet was not (minded on law or
justice. The la* and the practice, however. were at variance with
that assertion, as was manifest from the Statute to which he had
adverted In respect to the law; and it appeared that seven or eight
valuations had taken place at different periods, the last of which
Was In the year 1629. The charge of want of justice in the pro.
pood measure was easily obviated, and could be easily retorted;
for what act of justice could be more imperatively demanded than
that any persons who possessed property under certain conditions
should be obliged to comply with the terms, according to which
that property was originally deposited with them? It was not
because mismanegeuieut or injustice had diverted fends to an im.
proper channel that the intention of the donor shoilld be defeated
from the objects of his bounty to those who bad abused their
trust, aid sought to justify their misdeeds by taking advantage
of their own wrung. Such a course of proceeding and argument
would be the height of injustice and oppression. If 4 dienection
were to be made between the two cases, the injustice most, in his
opinion, be imputed to the wrongful posseesors, and the justice of
appeal allowed In favour of those whose righte bad been invaded.
Instead, however, of admitting Jilt length of time sloctioned the
principle of injustice, he thought its connunance an aggraratitm
a Inch every day tended to increase. The Right Hon. Baronet',
motion seemed to be directed in conformity with these views, and
was therefore quite right. Apprehensions bad been 'expressed
that. tr the property of the Church in Ireland was to be trucked,
application would be soon made to the ecclesiastical possessions In
England. To such in apprenension or theism the answer was easily
giren-.that if it were situated under the same circumstances as that
in Ireland, it would then be held with equal injustice, and would of
course be obnoxious to the same process as had been necessarily
applied in Ireland. Bin the precedent thus established would not
br ...wind to answer in England, so that there was no occasion for
the tear of its extension. The purport of the motion was, to render
the valuation suitable to existing circumstances. Great changes
had taken place, and yet it seemed to the Right Hon. Secretary for
Ireland that time, which had introdneed alterations in all other
ruattersohould not sfEet the inviolebility of those vaittatione which
had been once established. He difEeed on that subject. and thought
that the time had fully arrived when the Church in Ireland should
ler at :coded to. Ile was willing to acknowledge that %ilia the last

three or four years the clergy of that country had much
improved • but he ascribed their amelioration to the in.
entries which had been made concerning them, and to the necessity
of consulting the public opinion. which was excited by the mea-
sures that had been adopted towards an investigation of the state of
the church anti clergy in Ireland. The Right lion. Secretary for
Ireland thought that the clergy are not more obliged to repair the
churches in which they officiate, than merchants' clerks to take care
of the offices in which they write, cc than soldiers are bound to
rectify any dilapidation. in the barracks where they may be
stationed ; but the motion did not require more than that the First
Fruits should be appropriated to their proper objects, whatever
theme might prove to be. The Right Honourable Baronet
had been actuated by compassion for the poor, who suffer
under the pressure of a great grievance. He only asked.
that what was given by the bounty of the Sovereign, should
be devoted according to the intention of the giver. Wax that
unreasonable' There was no parity in the cue of the counting.
house clerk or of the soldier in barrack, for in neither instance did
they get salary or pay under the proviso that any portion of it was
to be devoted for the support of repairs of buildings. The Right
Honourable Secretary might as well have selected an illustattion
from the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who might be expected on
that principle to pay for all the new buildings at the Treasury.
But the Chancellor of the Exchequer did not accept office on such
conditions, nor did the soldier enlist with the stipulation that his
pay should be disposed of in repairs of barracks. As there was
no parity in the cases introduced to vindicate the exemption of tht
clergy from paying fire the repairs of churches, lie hoped to see the
First Fruits applied to the purposes for which they were intended.
It was said that there was no law which empowered such a wo-
ceeding ; on that point, however, he differed, and was fortified by
the opinion of Mr. Alleyn, a most respectable and intelligent in.
dividual who hod been consulted on the subject. That gentleman
was decidedly in favour of the existence of the power to revalue
the livings; for if such did not exist the Act meant nothing.
The primary and the bishoprick of Kilmore had, according to that
principle, been revalued ; and Mr. Alleyn considered that the
patentee had power to revalue any livings which were nor made
permattent. Tiat•re was no statement laid before the law officers a
Mr. Gregory only says in a letter to Mr. Shaw Maxon, that " he
was directed to state that the livings did not come under the opera-
tion of the Act, and if he (Mr. Mason) did not desist, that the
Lord Lieutenant would remove him from his situation." That
was a threat held out to Mr. Shaw Mason for performing a duty
which entitled him to the applause and approbation of the country.
Neither the Right Honourable Secretary (Mr. Goulburn) nor the
Under Secretary in Ireland (Mr. Gregory), appeared to him to
merit the thanks of the country for the threat which was given to
Mr. Shall' Mason, in order to prevent him from prosecuting his
laudable designs. The Right Honourable Secretary would have
acted more meritoriously in concurring with the opinion of Mr.
Alleyn. That Gentleman concluded his opinion on the case sub-
mittal to him by expressing his belief, that from the tenor of the
*memento of the Attorney and Sollcitnr.General they agreed with
him. He (Mt. Hume) never saw a case moreclear in law and
justice, and he regretted that on the present occasion his Majesty's
Ministers did not conduct themselves with that liberality which
had distinguished them in previous instances. It did not become
them to shield any class of persons from the responsibility to pay
what was slue.

Sir R. INGLIS spoke in so low a tone that we could not well
collect his meaning. He objected to the statement which had been
made, that 700,000/. was the value of the lands belonging to the
church in Ireland. It ought to be recollected that a great part of
those lands were in the hands of laymen, at long and cheap leases.
though he admitted fines were taken. (Hear). Livings under St
(as we understood) were excepted originally.
Sir J. NEWPORT replied, and recapitulated several points
which he originally urged. There were 944 parishes and three
sees which had never been included In the valuations, and should
not these be valued ? The araumeittum ad Isomirttm hal been op-
plied W him that night, but he could assure the Hon. Baronet
(Sir R. Inglis) that lie was as great •friend to the Church as that
lion. Baronet could be. The difference was, that he (Sir J. New-
port) proved his liking to the interests of the Church, by correct-
ing its abuses, and the lion. Baronet by allowing them to remain.
The demolition of the church in Ireland was to be ascribed to the
negligence of the clergy. (Hear, hear). If they had acted with
propriety there would not be any more occasion fur the measure
there than in England. It was however a grievous hardship that
the clergy should allow the buildings to become dilapidated, and
then turn round to poor poor people of a different persuasion to
relieve them from the expense of repairing or rebuilding. The ,
best proof which could be adduced of the injustice of the measures
aced on in that respect In Ireland, was furnished by the refusal to
ithide by a judicial tribunrJ. He had been taunted by the Right
Hon. Secretary (Mr. Griulburn) who had said that was the fourth
time he had answered him on the subject. The number of times
was, he believed, overrated, but that did not make much difference ;
for lie was determined to bring forward the principle again and
again, until justice should be attained. He might be de-
feated • but he should not desist from prosecuting the mea-
sure ;hilt he retained a seat in that House. He was a Mem-
ber there too long not to know the benefits of perseverance.
Many questions which were at first sateen at and rejected by
Gentlemen on the opposite side . r the House were subsequently so
forced upon them that they adopted the principles and proposed
correspondent measures. 'While he had life he would reiterate the
motion of that night until it should be passed, and though he
might be often vanquished he would still continue the cabal, and
convince the House and the country that he had not faltered in his

duty.
The motion being put, the House divided, when there ap-
peered—
Ayes - 21 Noes - 411 ! Majority against the motion -27
TRINIDAD DOCUMENTS.
On returning to the gallery he found—
Mr. HUM E expressed the necessity which existed for some in.
quiry on the part of the Ilouse to distinguish between conflicting
statements which were made about occurrence. in Trinidad. Ile
believed the truth lay between both perticy. There was no :eport
made on the subject of Ms motion ; all he wanted, therefore, was
the evidence. He should in consequence move, . That an Ad.
dress be presented to his Majesty for the purpose of procuring co.
pies of the minutes of the Committee appointed by the Governor
and Council of Trinidad to inquire into the circumstances connected
with those Africans located in that island."
The motion having been put,
Mr. W. HORTON said that there were at this moment Com-
missioners on the point of returning from Trinidad. whose first and
principal duty it would be to take the most complete and extensive
examination into the state of that colony, fur the express purpose of
laying the result of their labours before Parliament, and he there.
fore hoped the Hon. Gentleman (Mt. Hume) would perceive the
propriety of withdrawing his motion for the present.
After a few words from Mr. F. BUXTON, Mr. BERNAL, and
Mr. W. SMITH,
Mr. HUM E consented to withdraw his motion.

Mr. HUME then moved fora return of copies of all correspond.
ence which had taken place since that last published, between the
Governor and Council•of Trinidad and the Secretary for the Colo-
nial Department, relating to slavery ; and also for a copy of the
Order in Council dated the 10th March, 1824.

Mr. %V. HORTON said that although the Hon. Member had
complained that his Majesty's Government did not possess any in-
formation on this subject, he would assure the Hon, Gentleman
that every means that could possibly be devised to obtain informs.
tion had been taken by the Government. Ile objected to such ge-
neral returns as were called for. if any specific information were
required, he should be very ready to afford it it' in his power. He
begged leave to say that if the subject were treated with the same
temperance out of doors as it was in that House, he thought it
would be much better. Too much caution could not be recom-
mended to avoid all exaggeration on a subject that appealed so
much to the feelings. If this course were taken, he had no doubt
the public would derive more information on the subject by which
to guide their opinion than they at present possessed.
Mr. W. SMITH knew of no individuals who had ever sent
abroad the sentiment that neigro slavery ought to be immediately
abolished ; though he believed there was a very general feeling
among the people that slavery should be put au end to as soon as
practicable.
Mr. R. GORDON was afraid that the lion. Member who had
just sat down had not read the last Report of the Anti-Slavery So.
etety, and of the spelt
speeches that were made on the late meeting of
that
body. An individual of high rank and importance declared,
on that occasion, that no time should be lost in forwarding the
emancipation of elm Cs ; and that it was by all means desirable that
this great work should be accomplished during the life-time of the
late lion. Member for Bromber (Mr. Wilberforce) Now he would
heg to ask, whether if that object was to be accomplished in the life-
time of that respected person, whether it did not neariy amount to
instantaneous emancipation ? (M itch laughter.
After a few words from Mr. BLAIR, the return was ordered.
Mr. II UM E then moved that there be laid before the house co-
pies of instructions originally given by the Secretary for the Colo-
nies for the guidance of the Commissioners sent out to the Cape of
Good Hope, the West Indies, and Sierra Leone, to inquire into the
situation of those Colonies, and also for copies of any supplemen.
tary instructions that might have been given to those Commis-
sioners.
Mr. W. HORTON had no objection to give copies of the in-
structions to those several commissions,--Ordered.
