FOREIGN INTELLIGENC E.

PORTI:GE ESE PAPERS.

•
FROM Mg DOVERNDINNT OAZETTII EXIBILOILDINII..
RY, OF TOE 23D NOVEMBER.
" Two dispitchea have just been received from
the General, Dun Juan Carlos de Areizaga, dated
19th and etith, oar Turleque and Daiusiel, both of
which arrived at thesaine time.
" In the first he states, that the enemy baritn, at-
tacked our army in the centre and on the flanks, at
Oren*, but making their principal 4MA against
our •,,ht, with a view to twos its an obstinate rrsiot-
once was made for three hours, when they were re-
pulsed by the division of the gallant Lary ;
but the superiority of the enemy's anilines y, I
dispersion, which obliged our army. to.l*tre3t tin-
der cover of OUT vanguard, and 6th division ; that
war loss k considerable, but the enemy's not Its .0,
n. lie wan repislaed several tunes by our 'ain't'),
cud the hrisic lire of the artillery.•
`• The dispatch of the :nth is a. follows ;
"EzesLLEXT SEIIS3IUL a-1 arrived Isere this night, and
toLniorrow I shall proceed to Sates Cruz, wilco: 1 have th-
ieved the initially hhuald juit and Ike ravish yof this ilia.
persed arta) will join in Mansanares, with the exception of
a pap attic action' divisioa, owlet the command of Briga.
dier Dun 6:mese Resod* t, ill order to cheek the enemy (whose
advanced ao,.l.bawr this d. 4) startled M adridejos,aittl of it huge
miaiabud)l know nothing nut ha permit his drawing star the
&ells Morena, red to prelim e tu, supplies from La Mancha.
Thin, shuald it be rsuidilelor air, 1 will gate your Excel-
leuey an recount of Our Ides. I eau, however, iti the 'scan
pine, idol in your Cacelli 'try, that rt ha• to.ris very coos..
aerobic in goof! Gillet:di mud 011irers, which is the brat
?gout that these have distinguish...l tlarnwelvea ou this
ambition with the greatest humour; following the example of
the Generals or Divisioas, who liateogimr” to.unfa of time
• their good depositious, and or their CITUTIKUMSOC
trepolity.-6.4 preserve your Exc.:nett.
(signal) u JUAN CARLOS DE AatEIZAGA."
Head-quarters, Dainsiel, Nur : Wit)." •
. t4CE.146, NOY. 15.
Our armies fight bravely. That of L. Maneha
advances to Ocana, having toilets instituters alu
• French dragoons, about the-same tiartiber of in-
fantry, and killed snore titan /00. That army coo-
fists of es.otjo infnotry, ati4 6,000 cavalry; every
thing goes on cell, and the enemy will be forced to
acknowleilite, these the Spaniards, ever brave mid
warlike. will nut submit to the yoke of slavery with
in.littcrence.
The ar,uly we 'hare on the left of the Tagus, is
making pia:l).4l4km' to attack.—(Pw•trzguese Ley-
cirri, Nur. •25.)
ORCAJA ne tem MONTEO, NOV. 42.
Captain tins Ventura }Lunettes has tirricea heri
with a French Colour! and three soldiers,' whom
he made prisoners a few days stores between Mora
and Ajofrin. The value of the booty he took on
this occasion is eationsted at 300,000 Teals. On
the 9th inst. Victor catered Toledo, and set ont on
the flay following for Madrid. While he was in
that city, he sent off 14 couriers. A number of
troops of this division are ou tlkir march fur Aran-
jugs, having left 61)00 men in Ajofriii, NiiiaLruca,
and Sisla, and five companies in Tot: do.
CADIZ.. NOT. 17.
On the latb insta.,t, in the evening,
.arrived hese
bis Escellency Don Francisco \reneges, who is ap-
pointed Military and Cecil Govcrime of tlits city.—
(Barlajus Diary, Nov. Yd.)
11101014, DEC.•I.
We have the eatisfactiou to intorin the public,
that the reverse of fortune experienced by the army-
of La Mancha is not so considerable as wit. at first
represented. The Spanish artillery amide a dread-
ful havoc among the French, whose 1.14 s is very
great ; General Yens is amung the killed. The
foes in prismiera us far lees considerable, on the part
of the Spanish army, than it would be in another
nation. less attached to its native daittl;ltecauve they
all rejoined their different corps. This event pros
tract., but alters not, the ultimate result of our
triumphs. Did not the Spanish lose the hattle of
Merlelsa,and aloug with it all Votremadural. and yet
a short time after they rendered themselves masters
of that province, without any pitched battle. Did
they not lust the battles of Ciudad Real and Al-
asouacid, and in conseqtrence thereof. the Mancha
and yet they retook the Mancha. Did they not
lose the battle of .vies l and are they not at present
Masters of the *hole tract of ground, which stretches
from Cuente, tbretigh licks, to the Tagus i
( Lisbon Gaselte of December I.)
A letter from Caceres, of the asth Noveisil,er, has
the folios inz. passage The Eughtish army conti-
nues in Radars and its euvirons."-•-(The sante
liver of Atm. 30.)
