NEW THEATRE ROYAL, HAYMARKET.

IT is respectfully announced that thus 'Theatre,
which hos undergo*e a variety of Re-embellishments
sod Alterations, WILL BE OPENED THIS EVENING,
SATURDAY, June 15, 11121, for the BENEFIT of the
SUFFERING IRISH PEASANTRY, with (sever acted)
a New occasional Farcical Sketch, in one act, preceded by
• new Irish Medley Overture, composed foe lbe occasion by
Mr. Perry, with Soaps, called
THE BILL OF FARE;

OR, FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS INQUIRE
WITHIN.

After which will be pretested Sber'dates Ceaway of
THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL.
Sir Prier Teazle, Mr. Terry; Jorwpb Surface, Mr. Jobs-
iero ; Marks Surface, Mr. aleetalL Lady Teazle, Mas.
Chatterley.

To which will be added the Farce of
THE IRISHMAN IN LONDON.
Mattock Delay, Mr. Lee, who will sing the oritinal
Plausty, sad iairodate a new Irish Smog, called Paddy
O'Soop.
Boxes,Ss —Pit, 3s.—First GallesT,lts —Second Gallery, Is.
The Doors to be °tiered at Six o Clock, and the Perforat-
e/Via to begin at Se•eo.

Places (or the Runes to be taken of Mr. Massingham, at
the Theatre, of whom Private Boxes may be had, nightly.
11 is respectfully announced that the under-tnentiuned per-
formers are engaged in oddities to those advertised for this
evening—Madame Prattle, Mr: C. Eensble (who would have
performed this evening, but is prevented by a serious do-
mestic calamity), Mr. Jones. sad Mr. Liston; early notice of
whose first appearances will be gives.
On Monday, The Beggar's Opera : Captain Mathes*
Esdame Vestris ; Polly by a Toss' Lady, her Grit appear-
awe us any Stage. With pitberise and Petrachio.
Ou Tuesday, Every Use has his Fault.
On Wednesday, The Suicide.
Oa Tharoday, The Stranger: Mrs. Haller, Mrs. W. Clif-
Ma, from the Theatre Royal, Norwich, her first appearance
M Landon.

A new Musical Fsree,velled Love Letters, is in rehearsal,
and will be prodeeed immediately.

LAST FOUR NIGHTS of MR. MATH cwr. ENTER-
TAINMENTS previous to his DEPARTURE for
AMERICA, lo ralll ao Engagement of keg standing,
sad hie LAST APPEARANCE iu this Country fur
TWO YEARS.
THEATRE ROYAL, ENGLISH OPERA HOUSE,
STRAND.
THIS EVENING; SATURDAY. June 15,
THE YOUTHFUL DAYS OF MR. MATHEWS.
Part 111. STORIES: in which Mr. Mathews will take
steps to introduce the following Clierarters:—Net, ter.
hut of alt-work in a lodging house; Monsieur Zephyr,
Freud Ballet Master (first Boor); George Magentas
Ft —l' A line of beauty"—iu love; Al, Llywelyn •b
Lloyd, Esq. not thin enough; Sir Shieerout ficrevroerve,
Geardiati to Antelrosa (second fluor); Mr. Mark Magoon,
non mopes lodger, Drat dour ; Miss Amelsuss, iu nee
with Fipley.

SELECT ARTICLES preloared only by
Messrs. BUTLERS, Cbeinisli, N.. 4, Cheapside,
St. Paul's, and 220, Regent-street (near the Argyle Rooms),
London; Waterluu-place, Edinburgh; and Ssekville-strret,
Dublin:

FLUID EXTRACT of SARSAPARILLA (Simple and
Compound), for making the Decoctions, and particularly
esyrested to the Faculty for its portable conwenieuce sod
ecot.orny.
APERIENT SODAIC POWDERS, forming an agree.
%hit Draught, and at the game time acting as a mild and
nietsaiot I'vniive, relieving Heartburn, Bik, ludigestion,
Nimes, Acidoly in the Stomach, &c.
CARBONATED SODA IC, GINGER BEER, and LE.
BONA DE POWDERS, for producing the lout le-esteemed
brieraee of the tome name.
crrit Vl' ED KA LI, for making Saline Draught., return-
mended by the Profession for its convenience, as more certain
in operation than those prepared with lemon.
CARDIAC TINCTURE of TURKEY RHUBARB, •
%maim' pleasant laxative, adapiad In gooey conalitui ions.
EFFLORESCENT EPSON SALTS, the disagreeable
ohieb generally accompanies Epsom Salts is greatly
eimiated in ibis preparation, besides which, ouly half the
quality is required for the dose
CONCRETE JUICE of 1.1% F., for Punch, Limeade, Sa-
l* Draughts., Ice., Jellies, or any other purpose where the
Kumar of Lemon is required.
CAIEPUT OPODELDOC, an excellent application for
rhilblaim(slla,ing the imitation), used also with much sue-
" M Cue. of Rheumatism, Sprain., &v..
XTOR ACH IC BITTER TINCTURE, a very agreeable To.
Mr. Memos, sided in Isdigest ion, debility of the Stomach. &c.
~,•s• The above Preparations, when gramme, will Imre
Levers, BUTLERS Nance and Address attached to

WANTS a SITUATION as good COOK,
where there is a Housekeeper, or the Lady her owu
Housekeeper, I. a respectable Faimily, a person 40 years
of age, who anderstaads pickling and preserving, made
wines, &c.; Ratters herself she can massy a small family
with great emmomy, sad a confidential servant to her etu-
ployers.—Apply at Mr. Roberts's, butte/man, Great Mary.
e-bonestreet, where references will be give's. All letters
post-paid.

IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.
_-..---

HOUSE OF LORDS, FRIDAY, Jim 14.

Their Lordships mct at ton o'clock.
APPEAL.

VA■ Assam, Appeila- WIDONLAr, Resposident.
This was a■ Appeal from the Court of Session (Scotlaad).
T►e Attorney-Gerseral and Mr. Surfeit were heard for the
Appellant; and Mr. Wetherell was beard in part for the
Reepoudeat.
Further Itesring postponed to Monday.
Their Lordships at four o'clock adjourned during plen.
sere. At Meet' minutes atter See the Lord Chancellor rc.
sensed his seat oa She woolsack.

The Recognizance' Bill was reed a tbird time and passed.
COMMISSIONERS TO INQUIRE INTO RECORDS
(IRELAND).
The Marquis of DOWNSHIRE said, be had to present
• Petition from a most respectable gentleman, Mr. Rowley
Lureßo, complaining of the great expense the Commis..
sinners appoiuted to inquire into the state of the Records in
Ireland had put the public to, and praying for inquiry.—
The Noble Marquis moved that it should be read, which
being done, he staled as there was some important business
standing for the day relative to the slate of Deland, be would
not now press lb. 'object on their Lordships, bat he hoped
his Majesty's Gove►uaneut would take up the subject, and
institute an inquiry into what the Petitioner complatued
of.—Laid on the table.
NAVIGATION ACT.
The Duke of NORTHUMBERLAND presented a Peti-
tion (ruin the Ship-Owners of South Shields. Praying that
there might be so alleratiosi made in the Navigation Act.—
Read, and laid spa the table.
ROMAN CATHOLIC PEERS.

The Bishop or ST. DAVID'S presented six Prtitiows from
six Deaneries is the Diocese of St. David's, praying that
Catholic Peers might not be allowed to sit in their Lord-
ships House.—They were severally read and laid ow the
table.

Sir James Grahams, Sir Thomas Arlaoil, and oilier Mew-
hers of the Howie of Causeway, brought up three private
Bills, which were severally read a first time.
PUBLIC STATIONERY OFFICES (IRELAND).

The Earl of DARN LEY said, that be‘foro their Lord-
ships went into the subject of the Order of the Day, be
wished to put • question to the Noble Earl at the bead alb*
Treasury, who be was happy to see in his place, relative to
the subject of the abuses that had taken place in supplying
the pestle utlices in Ireland with stationery. He wished to
know whether the inquiry which had been instituted by his
Majesty's Government had limn concluded? He trusted the
Noble Earl (Liverpool) would giro their Lordships some im
formation on the subject.
The Eitel of LIVERPOOL said, inquiry bad takes place,
but was rot concluded; a correspondence was going on
relative to the propriety of the contract, and some preposi-
tion world he shortly made. If the Noble Earl thought pro-
per to more for a copy of the correspondeure, he did nal see
say objection to its brine laid on their Lordships' table.

irhe'Earl of DARN LEY Naitl he would now:move for D.

The Earl of LIVERPOOL thought a would be better
that the Noble Earl should postpone his Notion to Moods)?
or TorsdiTnext,
. . .

The Earl of DARNLEY had no 'hair, to interfere with
the bitsioess of Ilse day, he would take another opportunity
of moving for the rorrespondence.
STATE OF IRELAND.

The Margois of LA NS DOWN row, pursuant in his entice,
to rall the atteatiou of their Lordship,. to the state of Ire-
land. In doing so, be had the satistactioa to know, that.
bower., liable he was to the charge of presumption, be
mist be quite free from that of precipitation. After all
that had been *vomit as to the condition of that coun-
try; after all the pledges and assurances which had been
held forth, both in that House and in ■uutber place,
ie the early part of the Session ; with the con►iction that
the distresses, then great, were more than ever aggravated.
and demanded more peremptorily the Matsui att. natio of
Pas lianiest ; after the failisre to produce repose and tranquil-
lity iu the visit of the Sovereign last summer, nothing haring_

bees wanting on kis part to secure every advantage to the
country which could he derived from his august presence ;
after ft change effected in the government of that country
much desired, and supposed at the time to be in the Wettest
degree satisfactory, leading as it did to a confirmed hope
that the Session would not pass over without an effectual
remedial measure being submitted to Parliament—be felt
Certain that he should be free from way elterge r,f having
acted with improper haste, and that he must be believed in
NOW, that he could delay the discharge of thie ditty nu
longer. If he felt that any thing like a charge of presuinp-
tilos might be brought against him, be trusted to that
of duty far big apology, and if from the view he had taken of
the subject, he should be led into any perms of statement, he
felt satisfied at baying so do it is presence allies. whose
official information would enable them instantly to apply the
correction. He begged leave to observe, that ire all the pain-
ful circumstances of distress attachiag to the country geue•
rally, in all the great and distressiag vicissitude@ occashmed
by the alteration of the currency, iu the depreciated value
of all produce, Ireland was affected in the same or its a greater
degree than Englaud—greater, because in England there
were great manufacturing intemle. ilia comparative ere.
'pertly of which lesseiwill ski eloo.t weight of evil;
while Ireland, being almost exclusively agricultural, had
to suffer that weight of evil without any such means of
mitigating its pressure, He held himself justified in omitting
to pertictilarize, became their Lordships meet be too well
acquainted with the rental of the distress slid calamity sow
common to the country. It was his pOticalar dusty to-night
to call their titivation to the circumstances which were nem.
liar to the state of' Ireland. If it were necessary to seldom
proof that the condition of that country was peculiar in re-
spell of misfortune and the duration of calamity, be had
only to refer them to the Statute Book on the table, where
they would learn the fact from language far more eloquent
than any be could utter. Looking back on the legislation of
the last twenty years, it would be sees from the law.
brought forward—the language employed for the purpose—
the admissions made even by the opponents of those laws—
from the acquiescence in allowing the suspension of the
trial by Jury—in confiding arbitrary power to the Irish Go-
vernmeut and Magistracy—in interfering with the several laws
for regulating supply and demand—in the interruption of
works of public utility—that Ireland was idea's held to be
exempt from the application of the (rest and liberal princi-
ples iu discussion. Ti ial by Jury was praised as the most ex-
cellent of institatious, except is Irelaad, where it could not
be applied. Coufidiug arbitrary power in individual bands,
thought to be most hateful and objectionable in other cowl.
tries, is Ireland was held to bet indispeosable to the admini•
stratioo of Government. It was declared to be odious and
intolerable for Governments to interfere with the regulation
of supply and demand, except is lrelasd—where such ma-
nagement was considered as essential to the being of Govern.
sent and the order of society. If these assertions were ad-
mitted—if it were assumed that principles good and true
elsewhere became inappropriate nod erroneous in Ireland—if
the cup which to other people couveyed a salutary draught,
wbea presented to Ireland was converted to deadly poison—
if there were sumetbisig so constitutionally vicious is the
country as to set aside the regimen of all wholesome princi-
ples of government for twenty years, was he not entitled to
assume that they ought to go nearer the fouudidion to look
for the defect—that such circumstances, so continued, proved
that the evil originated in other than the generally supposed
causes—that it. was vain to seek it in the physical state
of' the physical *times** of the country Was it because
Ireland was most fertile in her soil—of a situation most
!mice, wilb a climate of desirable temperature—blest
by Providence with every advantage to produce all
thing, fit to make the mistime el bee people per.
feet in comfort and enjoyment—was it for these reasons that
they remaiued poor amidst the pomp ofserroisoding uatiom—
barbarous in the centre of civilisatios—diistracted and re-
bellious under a goverument the envy of the world and the
pride of all its subjects, except those within her territory ?
They must look further for the cause of the evil—perhaps it
was to be found in the institutions; they must bend their
minds to the task and endeavour to find out what connexion
there existed between the defects of the iuslitutions and the
disturbance and calamity with which they were surrounded.
In such a review it would be useless to look for beiseficial
results were they to begin by attributing any of the evils to
particular indi•idnals or classes in society. However it
might suit a weak Legislature to throw ofi' the responsibility
eif their defects, by imputing the evils to asy particular class
in the community, it would be a trick unworthy of a sound
statesniati to use any such impolitic's., except as they were
plainleonnected with something in the isstitutious of the muti-
ny which was abuet to be regulated. It was not now the con-
duct of the landlords or the clergy they were to consider. They
were educated as other meta of their rank—bred to the same
habits—active in the same pursuits. It was only as they be-
came modified afterwards by their conuexion with tbe gene-
ral system that they differed. The objects alone fit their at.
tention were--the populattop of the country in regard to its
amunut—the burdens laid upon the population—the genetsl
admiaistration of justice—the imposts of every kind, includ-
ing the tithes. First, as a point affording ace of the roost
material views of the subject, they might to look well to the
growing increase of the population of Ireland. From an ac
count which had been furuished him by a person of great
probity and intelligence, be was enabled to state the follow.
tog particulars, which would show the rate of increase. By
the best authorities it appeared that ion Irelsod the pupula-
lion was—

Is 1095. ',034,000
1731
1791 4,200.000
1804 5,400,000
1621
pearly 7 millions. By a calculation made by au iugenious
friend, it was discovered, that iitheteas in Ibo 4, the whole
country rated abuut 3 I.9thacres to esch individual. In 1821,
the rate would be only 2 5.4 th acres—a state of population
without parallel in the worlJ. This was a cousidevation
which ought not to estop. them, sod though NO oar would
less wish to press it wit► any invidious application, it must
ant be left out—that of this population truly shoot 1-14th, as
had been ascertained by a geutlesnan well skilled in the sub-
jeet —cumasuaral with the established church. It bad been
said that the rate was 1-10th, but there was sow better au-
thority fur ling that tally 1 14th attended the services of
the church. It was not accessary to call their attention
to this greatly increasing population, considered merely
in respect to the physical force contained hut to se-
move a difficulty which struck them at first sight, and to
preveut the mistake of supposing that this increase of popu-
lation necessarily implied an increase of wealth and comfort
in society. On the contrary, it was found there that po-
pulation might rapidly increase, while t►e supply of 'steam;
was in as 'lipid dinnaistion, and the people be degraded to
that unfortunate degree that the species of food the most
easily acquired, the supply of which would be also most sub-
ject to variation (he meant potatoes), would become the
general support sod source of ntainteuance. Thus would
they be led to abandon by degrees all sense of self-im pert-
auce—and driven from all the comforts and respectable en-
joymeuts of life, they iambi be kashmid to marry and is-
elesse their families without any hope of obtaining the nee...
..ry means to support their Whining. It was owing to such
circumstances of degradation that they had witnessed those
f eataesa and glottises., that debasement and hopeless-
ness of coadttiun which afflicted them of late by the bare
recital—

•—•
" Scourged by (salute from the smiling land,
The mournful peasant I h.■ native wreath
Aud while he asks, without an eras to sav►,
The cowutry lakmass a gulden and a grave."
Such was the uJsmity of Ireland. With me beet and
p
l
ea
.
saltiest gifts profanely poured wPww the soil, the clime, and
the situation of her genitor!. the people were suffering the
most rigurona excesses of disorder, the worst degree of ha-
usaa want and mammy ever sustained soon mankind. The

soma of existesee—pressed down as they were. On the lowest
proportion of the poorest food—were warted frown' seder
their view to .suppty the Nicene" of a richer twirl. Ie the
Mean time, the state of the population, as he had described
it, demanded their attention. It was said that with the
Prlmetples which, from their operation, produeed such a slate
of things, Government had little or nothing folios—little or no
power in their hands of remedy. But he had before staled
that all the circumstances of the roustry tended to enforce
degradation, which went spain towards obit unfortunate in-
crease of population. There existed in the mode Of govern-
ment an artitleial bounty or the increase of numbers. That
which was must desirable to the people of other coun-
tries, became a burden of the greatest evil in *eland.
Wiwi% he stated that the elective franchise was one
greet and prolific cause of the dailery aid disorder
of the people, there were Aim* who heard him ready to cor-
roborate the asearilen with their experience. Poliiiciens,
frequi•ntly fbr the objects of base and corrupt ambition,
found tt their interest to increase the number of their
degraded voters, or slaves, at the elertiose, its a man-
ner repugnant to every sound principle, either ie‘ morals
or politics, mai against all she better earl wholgesier
histemeete of seetety. As an Moviraiion of this evil,
the custom was to place on lands • mot malty
sons who were called villagers-111e member briag ex-
tended to the greatest possible degree—so that lit one retie
there were freeholderi to the amount of nutty registered oa
one farm—without any demarcation to assign the relative
shares of property—living in common—lighting for the produce
iu common--voting in common—and increasing the exuberant
population of the laid in common. This was so extraordi-
nary case. It was minal to have tweet', thirty; or forty per-
sons so registered for the mime property. With whatever
jealousy be would have the elective franchiee guarded, he could
ace no reasonable objection to • law which would limit the
votei to one for each farm. Not with a view to check the
population, but to regulate the increase—not to harem but
to confine its growth withlu proper end emlatitutional
bounds. He would next proceed to the considered-iris of the
burdens of the people. Here he would beg to stale one of
the most extraordinary instances of taxation ever beard of—
sot interfering with but destroying the comforts—sot even
increasing the revenue, but effecting a positive dimi-
nution of wealth such as had never occurred in the
history of fiscal maladministration. The revenue of
Ireland In 1807, was 4,387,9A11. Between 1807 and
1815 new taxes were imposed, valued at 3,376,000/. besides
400,000/. which were left of the charges at the conchs-
sion of the war. The Irish revesue of last year was
3,844,889/. So that the effect of adding 3 millions of se*
taxes bad been as actual diminution by some hundreds df
thousands leas than the revenue of 1807. It had not failed
to benefit the revenue, and removed those useful gradations
which gave the best security for the future ii..provement of
the people—but so improvidently, so hastily, so guiltily had
the measures been premed, that taxation itself was reduced,
and lea could beextorted last year from Ireland than before.
He would not fatigue them with details upon this branch of
the subject, but he could sot resist expatiating on two is-
mantes, which were remarkable for their illustration of what
be had advanced. If there were any articles which might be
considered as the deftest luxuries of the poor, sod therefore
entitled to feebler sad exemption, they were tea sad sugar.
The nee of them indicated that industry bad raised the con-
sinners above the waist of the ordinary accessories of life—
they were to be viewed as the first symptoms of ease and com-
fort among the labouring classes. In the article of sugar the
new taxes had increased the about one-twelfth. In
1607 it was 379,0001.; the average of the last five years
was 404,0001. la the last year there was a comparative di•
miention of the net; but by the additional duty of 14e. per
cwt. the quantity was diminished from 338,000/. to 286,0001.
the average of the last five years. In case the tax was more
striking; they had not only diminished the consumption,
but lessened the revenue. By raising the duty from 701. to
801. and 1001. per cent., the •mount, 527,6031, average of
1807-8.9, bad sank to 451,3001., ge of 1818.19.20.
Let not their Lordships disguise it from themselves—these
were taxes out civilisation. He remembered to have heard
a Right Hoe. and very Learned Grill., now Attorney .G I
fur Ireland, Waterer, that every new house erected in Ireland
was an additional pledge and hostage given to England for
the peace and security of the Government. He would add,
that every degree of reasonable luxury added to the obliga-
tion of the bond. Whatever augmented their enjoyment
would tend to raise their ideas beyond their own c,rele—to
expand their minds into • sympathy with other nations, and
strengthen those ties of society upon obirh the safety of the
empire depended. So much for what had been done by taxa--
ties. But it would be but a misted view of the subject to
stop at the diminution of comfort and enjoyment, because
it mold not be disguised that, looking at the morality of
thalcouetry, and the effect of this taxation, together with the
mode of raising it, tended to the dissolution of the social
bonds—to the diserentinatioa of fraud and violence—and
to the i of that feriae means of their support,
illicit distillation. He had a statement handed to biro
by which he found that such was the temptation offered
by the duties on spirits to private and illicit distil-
Petiole, that by adopting that mode of life an article
which would cost altogether 91., would make 271. Here was
a bounty on the violation of the law—but there were collate-
ral effects equally •larming. The station of say illicit still
became a point to rally iiisurreetion ; they were schools iu
which rebellion was regularly organised ; they served in
each instance as a nucleus to disaffection and violence,
verging to rebellious uproar hand this nut only on the part of
the peasant, he was as frequently countenanced sod ap-
proved by his landlord. Seduced by the prospect of rents
higher than he coold procure in any other way, he some-
times secretly unlisted and instigated the direct violation of
the laws by his tenants. What was the result ? The pri-
sons were filled with peewees depraved to the last degree.
111 the last six years there were 5,3b2 persons committed for
illicit distill ition, and offences connected with it, of which
number 3,916 were actually committed. 'Diem Lonlehips
knew iu what a defective matinee the pristine of Ireland
were managed. He would leave them to conjecture the effect
on the increase of crimes. Driven into the gaols by the laws,
which punished infamously those venial offence., they be-
came hordes of hardened and steeled offenders, prompt at
say call to raise the standard of rebellion, and to withstand
even armed authorities. So much for the collateral influence
of overdone taxation. He came now to the administratios
of justice. Before he went into this topic, lie begged leave
to read a passage from •u admirable work of Sir Julie Davis,
a Protestant lawyer, which characterised the behaviour of
the Irish people in respect of their obedience to the laws.—
Sir John had thin reflection—" There is no entices under the
sun that doth love equal and indifferent justice more than
the Irish, nor nay that is more contented with judgment,
crest though it be against themselves, so as they have
equal proiectios from the laws when they seek the
same." If this were the character given them as their
uatural one, mad the country remained full of disorders,
were they not boned to inquire what could give rise
to them He would cast no reproach on the Irish Judges,
or the g I administration of justice is say of its
breaches. He would refer more particularly to those circum-
stances which forced the subject on their atteutions. He
particularly alluded to the stale of the tnagistracy of Ireland.
That was a subject which for years bad called for anseliora-
lion, sad no attentiois faun yet been given to it. remiss
were galled to exercise theft jnehdietzjerst who were without
the means of sebsistence, at least without *wog,' means to
attach respelt. In every part of Ireland there were !serene'
who honestly and disinterestedly devote themselves to the
administration of justice; but they were interspersed
with person" who had no othet livelihood than whit they
extracted is executieg the duties of office. There were
magistrates in Ireland fit to be sent to geol. Nosy week
hail not elapsed since an application cur mosey had
been made to hint by the eon of a Itlefigiltrair is a
part of the eoultry with which be wit connected. He wow

offer dismorered that he had bees imposed on in the warretitto
made to him, not a. to the rank of the father, who sass really
• Illaglitrate, but as ti the alleged cati.e of his misfortuaes,
Be found that this was the son of a Magiatrate who was
lineally a friudulent bankrupt. It did Demur to him to re.
fleet on what would he the effect by sad by of the hopeful
father of this bepefel son', beteg initiated wuh the Plltetalloll
of the lawn. There were some imitances of this kind to c•cte
entitairy. till that evil were cored, there would be del,
benefit from the tipplicatiou ofm, other rttnedy.
was rot on the Selection of the magistracy only ; the came;
of the Catholic rights whirl, were withheld, sea the d.s•
abilities which Were to be removed were wow in able land.,
and he hoped for a'• prosperiaus issue; but lie deplor-
ed the said of trust is the Catholic gentry of Ire-
land for executing those duties which the law *llea.
el—they hieing die persons most intereoled in the equal
aid impartial administration of justice. Why were ant
the Catholic gentry of Ireland selected for the Magis•
teary of helmet lii outialiers proportioned to their property
Why were they excluded from the Bench and die Grand Ju-
ries, where the protect' of their property would 'literally
direct them to oppose abuses of local charges, and so swore
the least defence possible for all the local intermit,' of the dig-
' • trine ? If they did sot provide fbr the effectual eager-
meat of the right given and secured by law, it was as per•
feet a denial of justice as any which could be infficte.l by
force of law. Besides which, there was the mid effects of
the jealousy of the lower classes, that there was Stu plea-
sure of justice for any party of their persuasion. Thu*
were the very rinindatiuns of peace led civil order 'orlon-
erred. He would here give a sentiment from owe of the
highest authority—one who was reckosed among the wisest '
and greatest of his species—whose knowledge of be-
am laws was outdone by his skill in the laws of ma-
ture—be theist Lord Bacon. It happened that this great
man, in the execution of his office, was tilled to glee
instructions to Sir F. Osborne, who was proceeding to a
high judicial office in Ireland. Lord Baron, at the close
of bus official instructions used these emphatic words: "Iffy
lakt direction, though It should have been the first, is, that
yue should proceed with equity In matters of reticle', lest
Ireland civilized become more dangerous to us than trebled
savage.* The principle was so manifest that it did not re-
quite Lord Bacon to support it. The insportaece of it iii
forthersece of see remedial measure, most strike all who
heard him. Though lie had stated enough to account for
the disorders which prevailed in Ireland, be could nut tint
advert to the system in regard in another series of facts.
The tionseqweeces of taxstion had tended to slant out
two-thirds of the whole people from the advantages of
He strongly deprecated Woe acts of spoliation committed
within view of cc. The stamps on law proceeding, were
iucressed threefold in !relied; of the mischief of faxition on
law proceedings, eves in • rich eonntry, there was commonly
but one opinion, but, when applied to a poor one, the...nue-
try meat be driven, as Ireland was, to distraction. I aw pio-
ceedinis were reduced to our-fourth in the Civil Courts, mid
one-half in the ordinary Courts. As so illuatratine of the
slate of things which grew out from this, suit melan-
"'holy as the future was in Gee point of view, it would
•muse their Lordships to asulerstand the singular iiitcnuity
of the people le costriviog au appeal to justice wle n they
found it impossible to obtain a decision othe:rwise. He
would meadow woe practice of great singularity among them.
It was a proofof the great desire to be railed by the lasts which
prevailed among them. In the west of Ireland, %tiro oil
dispute arose about a small fee. it was Customary f..r the
gaits to riot in parties,lreplarly draw. out, rot phiotiff
and defendant. They previously agreed that oboe", r Arnold
have the damages gives 'against Wm by the @wistaria Bars
rister, with him should the property rest. Such was theses"'
of Ireland.' tb:t there was an actual barrier to just,rc against
, the greater part of the people. One subject he would touch
on—the absenieeship of Ireland—being the less inclined to
It as lie was himself se example. He Jed sot believe that the
riches of the country were affected in that degree by ahcen.
tees which was supposed. The rests, as all politics! 'eon.,
mists agreed, must come out of the surplus produce, and the
manage of disposing of them was not likely to afr,et the
general interests in any great degree; but the ~,,, ral ef-
frets were considerable. It was difficult to find is temedy
for this disease. The capital of the empire and iltc seat
of government would be a constant indswement to sp•nd
fortunes here which were acquired elsewhere. Let torte
again the effects of taxation because visible. He knew or
no way but to make it the interest of the 'epithet!. to re-
main at home—to take care that they should have on lc-
ducemeate, from parsimony, to have their children educated
on the Coutinetit—that they should be allowed to live
cheapest at home; aud, shove all, to do nothing tending to
detract from their cousequence but let any pre.tott and
favour whirls the Crown had to bestow tie imparted te them,
as indecements and rewards for remaining on their e.t.d.,.
He now came to the must import's' part of his cubit-et
the tithes. Ile would remind their Lordship., that the
population which he bad described, after come...bog with
the various defects and opprersious of taxatiett—of jibe
tiee—of absenteeehip, were also burdened Milli an stupid
the moat vexatious in principle—the most tujuriuus is,
collection—the most repugnant to the feelings of those
who payed it—the most inconvenient to tbe teceiver,
of it—of any ore ever yet laid on ; paid, WY, by preen.,
who for the greater part bad no pease of the value of the ob-
ject for which they were taxed—extorted by laws more re.
milting in their execution than the payment—and as. impost
which p El most is times of the greatest titaness. The
increase of value in the tithe was in precise proportion to the
distress ender which it wee levied, sod is some l'Agt• the
impost was paid by penman* who derived from the produce
no fiancee whatever. He proposed to state his view of tle•
remedy which should be applied in this ease. But be-
fore he did so he would slate some detail' connected
with the claim, and iveserk no the powers with. elurh
the clergy were armed for enforcing it. Ile ensue.
impumttue to the body of the clergy—he had declaimed.
every thing *huh west to impale ones( wiser to individual.
or classes. But he complained of the situation is which the,
clergy were Weenie-of the powers with which they were
armed. He admitted that those powe,a had been leniently
exercised, aud the dole" talthfuily admisisieted. Bet the
situation was calculated to irritate the flock end lenses the
influence of the pastor. While he professed unfeigned le-,
spect for the interests of the sherd., he west sosioisie that
the church we. unleaded for the benefit of helmet, and uot
Ireland to Iruncfit the church. He aduidied that there *tir.
instances wh'h demanded pelage and aeitiobatooullitl,:
were clergymen who, feel's% bow much right.
were likely to interfere with the p ace of the roteltars,,,
gave them up. There were I eleigstuin
county of Cork who renounced the tithe* fur toe rear—.
conduct highly hon.turable to them, but teproarhfol to others.
It was to des he objected. Cleionten west, entstkd to the.r•
just rights, and these generous and hummer acts would but
leave the field clearer to others of a leas merciful and eaptitabie
cast. He bad Reel, inures of proceedings in tithe. cau.e.—
they were not complete, except as to the en-1,48,11c1'
courts--they were yet to be made up as to the civil and
compete law courts. le the last six sears there were tried its
the ecclesiastical courts—which vine proverbially the must
ex pelmet-21ST tithe causes In the civil courts 'Agit ceen.
ties "or which they had returns, indudlig spinet StINIGU.,
there were tried 7,149 cause" of tithes. la kilk• any comity
alone, there were 2,lllbeif those caused Is ilia enures ins4e,•
and assuigiag from them the amount of those *lnch wore
to be made, there must have been in the last six years 17 341
of those cagier.. A great number, conostieg of SI and outlet;
were settled by the Magistrates nterciplog eigenaty.ifelo_i.
diction. In one ewer' there had beer Meanies ore:4ot oil
in a week, varying between es. sualia.„ Use lowest coils 3sl
For their Lordships the brit to 10114•4041 44. the "144C1F1
colleetsue, he would state thetibro valuattuer acre meide by-
prisons sent sit at differeut periods—our et she ~ire ur
gather* in the crop. It gement!, happened that the Grid
Vilest-see hem treick:il the siarmer, and the ha, dtet elvaa

i ,

P

I

.. .

I

aadmierF4
• disliagiblorAl viele TaCIP•
toile dm,. 'which uoilr, WA Meta fir political libatielet piabet vas

.. •
. . . • ,
lotio4 wore token of the tenant if the reedit lee eirChehaiefte :Creel lied iglraefs *IAA"tad Mirbeie", we ibe'ela
made it profitable, notwithstanding the lectern'. ealitaties.tmrserally las *Wm liberty W. 15 retest ffeti.OdUlly OW.
Nun as to the law on this subject• these lordships Mode& thqse who agitated psblie attire, the people
pretty iell ontleatand it whin he informed thee they we tisiprostras of istemisioable %lavers. if we looked to
it was a practice to give no to the cldigyeele of Oda too* mate*, aadrarticolsrle to that musky where
illy on which it was intended to set out ISttftbes. Bar gelitlcaL was tarried to a greater decree of r 6
if there. gave notice fur the same day it was held to be good 1 eneineet than any country in the world, he meant the
proof of a conspiracy. He was nut prepared to say if this - United Silica of Jasserka, we should find that the 1114SIO of
1•04 e Of were not essentialil to the colteetion urethra. Either the people were in absolute slavery. The came principle
the law was noomessary, and therefore &tremble, or I would hold good in a greater or I degree in me,
the 'morns wee detestable to require suet, a lee. Out of ; Mous states in Europe, and under whatever (urn bowl-
-1 hat alternative they costa net escape—Slav law or the system, j age ripLl appear, the stale of things he had described would
or both. must he Micelles's, elk/minable, soil tyrauMeal. ; be found ruder the omit free as well as nailer the NOM
Ile did not charge the clergymen wish niacin any use attest . despotic Governments: from whence he infra' d that the
law—they were generally tau liberal and generates is reform, , peculiar condition of soy country must he considered by the
it ; hot they were to minfider the laws and the probabilities relation in which that clam of the community stood who
lam they would be called. into play. In addrtion to all the laboured for subsistcoce, towarda those who enjumd the pro.
other grievances, the tithe WIWI moot unequally raised. Some perty of the country; and if they examined fairly they emelt,
'dam paid the potato lithe—others did not ;in some. the find that mile-leutha of the diatiorbances which took place in
'• • question of right was quite undetermined. Litigations particular coatitries arose, nut from hostility to the existing
were constantly growing from the uncertainty of the Government, but from setae disorderlis society. The whole
Claim—enforced in this Metauce, not from the produce of . history of Ireland confirmed this fact. With the exception
t trm., but subtracted from the very soluistewe of labeler el the rebellion of 1798, when a conapiracy was formed to
in the gardens. He could hardly conceive a bailee ere promote a rebellion, and to omelet • Freuch army which hail
more desirable measure than tine fur the general comma. • •theit 'coded in Ireland. all the other in so ions in that
tatimi of tithes. He had nothing to fear is stating this, ',milky were principally directed aesino property alone,
from the adt utile), of them on the principle of divine right; The Noble Marquis (Laasslown) hid alluded to his Ms..
hevanse, although there sere pamphlets published oat that ;key', agepiciumi visit to Ili-lend, and the beneficial
ground riveoliere, there was no curb uoinion iemainiug with effect which had flowed from it. Their Lordship*
their Lordship., or the retired bench of Spiritual Lords, were of course aware of the enthusiasm with will. h
whom lie rejoiced to we before him. Had there been amp 1 his Majesty was received, of the feeliugr to which it hail
doubt upon the point, they had the best authority for deter. 1 given use, and the sentitueats it hail created; pot still it was
mining it. The Bishops, at the time of the Reformation, I eomriously a matter of fact, tbat bis Majesry bad scarcely
drew up an exposition of the doctrines of the Church, vibleli withdrawn from that country—nay, while hii feet were still
was printed by order of Eli:al/rib, and published by her owe i upon its shoree—when the iumurrections begun ; yet (as had
Printer. and ordered to be read in all churches and chapels. I been slated by a Nnble Friend of his), he had no doubt that
In that exposition it was held, that " one of the greateet and if his Majesty bad arrived in the city of Limerick at the very
grossest errors of the Church of Rome was the eifirmation of moment these disturbances were at their height in that
theilivine right oftithes." Whatever might be claimed for them neighbourhood, lie wuuld have been welcomed wills the same
on the ground of expediency, the ground of divine right was I enthusiasm as in the metropolis. There was not • single
sorreerlered. .He did rot deny tithes the saute protection i hand-bill circulated in Ireland, or placard, in which there
i lie h was given to all other property. They bad dealt with it was an expression of discontent against the Goverurneut, se
Infirm., and always would deal with it in the must cautions I that the insurrectios was entirely levelled at property. He
1113110er ; the intervals of the church were coucerned in it, I could assure their Lordships.thei he did not make this slate.
Lot not the general interests of the community. He Is- I meat with satisfaction; fur a the evils arose out of the nos.
limited to shew how that property, might be enjoyed in • management of Government, a remedy might be applied,
monster not out, homeless in itaelf, but with benefit to those which could uot be found fur • state of (blues so compli.
iimiected wish the payment of it. He intended to keep to rated as the state of Ireland. it was a curious fact, that if
three points: one, no principle of commutation hut such we examined the three different parts of the United Kingdom,
-is lie would be glad to accept were he a tithe proprietor; uo one would say that, in point of interual economy and
too, he would nut propeee any thing which would decrease I national prosperity, fkoiland was inferior to the other two,
the means of respectehility fer the clergy; thirdly, he yet popular principles prevailed Ma much kw extent there.
orepose nothing dim would make the clergy Mlle, she. i la Scotland they had very little of what was called popular
pendant on the Crown—were it to hie pewee he would make I representation, whereas the popular representation of Ireland
item more independent of the Crown thin at foment. He I far exceeded that of England. A Noble Lord in another place,
aireeested an expedient of commutation on (holies of same of great connexions, diatingnished talents, and highrespecta-
•lsiea in Scut lend, which were regulated by a serum Jury se- Witty (land John Russell), had brought forwarda proposition
coniiite, to the mine of core: he would prefer taking the to reform the represeotatioe. Hews glad that 03051511 et had
oecraze of five or 'ix years for the basis. One groat advan. faded; but if it had succeeded, still that plan would nut
sage in the cenimutatioa was, that of the laudlord paying have giveu to Esiglaud so popular a representation as that
the clergyman ; which might he made still more beneficial of Ireland.—(Hear, Isere.)—Out of the 100 Members for
by Pe.""ding a Power to emsble the landholder to acquit ate Ireland, 11l were returned fur counties, sod that too to the
lands for a sufficielit coosiderntion uf the payment of tithes in must inconvenient mode, which amounted almost to snivel..
rerpeturte. by settling land ou the churches. This would be sal suffrage. Ireland then had soothing to complain of in
inapplicable to England, and hi should be 'oily if ever the that respect, fur she eajoyed a contitutem more liberal than
clergy became its that sense, to any considerable extent, the imagination of a bold and ardent patriot could wish to
liociholdersi hot it was admirably suited to Ireland, and confer upon his own country—(Hear, bear.)—With respect
the presence of the incumbent on his estate would do to the keit, !rebind enjoyed to the full extent the whole
run hto •e order among his periabioners around him. principle of the law of England; she had the admidage of
There wa. a precedent of it nut inauy years ago, wiles, um. the mei by jury to the same extent as in England, the same
err an Eocloitare Bill, the parkhomers were enabled to aduiluistration of justice, our did he ever bear of complaist
eerie:de an initiate for the elem.:maim at an expense of or suspicion on account of a dial:hence in religion. Asd
• by which they ogle exonerated from the payment if the subject wee. examined by what he• cuusidered
toms rise evermore. He could not anticipate any rear the fairest test, namely, the number of appeals, their
minable objections to the principles he had laid dime or the Lordships would find there was no mason to suppose
reition he had still to submit. He described some of the that justice was pot administered with the same purity
oriel' defects and difficulties its the tithe awns of [Maud. its the King's Courts in Dublin as in England.-..:
her other mihject he would mention before he sat down—tie That view of the subject naturally led bim to the ewe&
grooreirce fill by the Catholic popialetiou in having to pay deretiou that at was tint from disloyalty to the Crown's'.
e.tids Pretestaut churches ehieh they never catered. A new from a desire to reform the Parliament, not from a love of
• s4stti.rn of saul to have been attempted,wi lb those changes by which great bodies of people its this coon.
o view to rebuilding some 01 the churches, and to relieve the fry were agitated in moments of distress, that the late die.
r oishionersfrom ilie ie a ten the capital speut Mauch buil& tochauces to Ireland had arises. He now wished to advert
Pug. Government het) remitted fur a time the whole claim of to the topics ititruduced by the Noble Marquis. On the sob.
f est-fruits in the reign of Qiieen Anne—they lied nut been re. ject of the burdens to which Ireland was subject, if their
reseed since, and smelly yielded less now than they did at Lordships would take the matemeateof the Noble Marquis
Mist period, as might he seen in the letter of Lord Gotha. en to the, increasing population of Ireland, its great fertility,
phis to Swift, on the subject. He exhorted them to coosider and substantial wealth ; aad when they considered that Eng.
of relieving the population from the pressure of the tithes, laud paid 51,000,0001. of taxes, whilst Ireland scarcely
mai the clergy from the odium ..f the claim tad exectirio— paid fuse naillious, they could not suppose that the
to make a provision for the ineumbent better calculated to burdens imposed upon Ireland were either excessive
preserve agrteinesit cid concord between she Protestant or iiitoletable. The Noble Marquis had slated that
clergyinsis and his Catholic pari-biotiera. He would next the revenue had considerably dimiumhed since the con-
touch tan the subject of his motion. If any Lord fill doubt elusion of war. He (Lord Liverpool) admitted that it was so,
or hesitation either upon the recta, er the propositions for no country watered more than Ireland, in consequence
grounded on them, let him convey himself in mind from of a diminution of expeuditure since the termination of
peaceful and flourishing capital to a remote branch the war. No man acquainted with the. Mouth of Ireland
0!" that port of the empire ; let him limit at the din- could be ignorant that the principal distress arose frost
nrcenixa tom of the community, and the lose of iudueuce the diminutive of supply, 'which first redeem) the riots, sad
r on•equeut nn the loss of means, among the minima thin the reverme. But lie would ask, did nut England act
I••••ieri,44 of the people; let Inns consider the sacrifice towards [Mend with the greatest liberality? Did not Estee
vif all woe obligation—the systematic violation of the land take the weight of the debt of Ireland upos herbage and
Isio-s--ti.e lope of an spiwal to the Si itiuuals, cot off us every institute provide for an indulgent, generour, and (be
from all except is few individuals—• magistracy such as would say) a wise appropriation of her burdens? With re,
lie had tieserihed —sari the meows of paying the tithe actor spenttotheExciseLaws,theywereundertheuwtwderaueo4
'lli crippled by the procedure of the laws which eaurced a Commission appointed to examine into them, who were dm
t!•eias; hr wool., ask *lambi r, in • state of society so dem. best competent to perform the ta,k, bemuse they were free
chested—so absieloned by the law—so remote from all the from locator other prejudices. The Noble Marquis had ahead
adrautages which resulted irons the capability of seeking ed with great delicacy to the subject of abaenteeship, anathema
redrew to the Courts—where uumbers were propagating ever, from an interesting speculation for political efts&
equally dangerous in their physical force and their habitual mists to consider whether it was the same thing fm a comma
violation of moral eleigaiimaii, could they hesitate to do all try that the profits of it. produce should be spent either
in their power te prevent that which Levi Bacon had so pro. at home or abroad, he (Lord Liverpool) should...it, uotbing
plooteally dreaded, that " Ireland cuvilisrd might become shunt it ; for there was a paramount missideration of such
mote d ttttt uus also Ireland savage I u (either. magnitude as threw that part of she subject entirely into the
mice of this view be would propose his Its-solution. shadt—he meant the mural effect it prodnced.—(Hear, hear.)
ftluet f Ily slid he hove fur the success of it; that the —The Noble Marquis had staled that the wet of Govern.
• of the Monarch to that (tawny might not be lust for mead being in this country, it was eaters! enough thee
e'er that the splendour of 'lime hopes excited by his Ma. persons of large property should reside Isere in preference to
j..sty having fur the first time touched Ireland with his foot more remote parts of the country. But what would they
wield nut be dissipated in gloom; and that all the interests say of Scotland, which was jest as remote as Ireland, but
tai the country tweet be equally administered fur the general where the same evil did slot exist? With respect to the Ma-
good. He moved— gtatracy, be could stale to the House that the reform of that
That it is the opinion of this House that the state of body at proem actually employed she consideration of the
Leland immediately rrquires alteration, with a view to 111/- Noble Lord who held the tate of Lord Chiscellor of Ire.
pie,' the condition of the people, and adopt measures cape. laud. But it was a subject of extreme delicacy, in winch the
eally to ironre tranquillity." utmost caution must he übsensti, on account of the party and
The E oil of LI VEK POO I, said he felt the full importance faction which prevailed ; for it required a sound di ieo
of the question which war under their Lordships cuusidera. to determine in what case a Magistrate should be dismissed
son, cud slut importauce bail been coneideeably augmented withuut it charge preferredsgainst iiimaind whether there were
11 lice lair soil csudel eii I able meaner in which it had beets euffictent pram( of hie incompetence. He believed that In
trea.ed by the Noble alwilitis who had iittrinliiced it to the the adminiatratioa of justice between Catholics 11061 Protest.
Moor —(Hear. he ara —tie coula .sere their taridahips that mos, these had been oat ill/illinfllols% made to the disfavour
be apprieclicil tbia discussion of the various weirs alluded of the Catkulic. Hr was sure that if an Meatier of that
air by the Noble Marquis with a fell timire to omit all ex. kind were discovered, there was no Noble Lord at the head
Vrsueous matters, which could only aggravate the mils of u( the Irish Arinnuisicatioa that would not make a severe
stork they complained. And if he opposed the resolution ample of this individual so uffeoding —(Hear, hewn—The
which bad been submitted,it arose front a feelifig that that Noble Marquis had Slot alluded to the new measures ht
Vesulutiou was unnecessary, and that it went to imply a tea- progress Ito altering the Grand Jury presentments, end His
sore out the Government, end particularly un Ite Noble Lord et gelation of the Sheriffs. Unfortunately each was the Ma.
•1 the had of the IrOb Ailminoirattow. Bet he would wise (lotion of Ireland, that it was necessary to look for new
the Rouse to look a hale to the state of Ireland, for in order principles to apply to it. Let than look to the condition of
e• apply a protrir remedy it was necessary to ascertain the Scutlaud before the introduction of the hereditablejerisdie.
seal distorter. And pet baps the great reason why the con- Mous, and any if it was not more unfortunate than Ireland et
shill'', of Iri lam, had nut ben before this ameliorated was, present, sad he had so doubt that ifarsistanee were gives by the.
that the real cause of the mini had ivies mistakes; fur it residest acuity in Iceland, the measures which bad bee° lately
•liveya W 45 the ietsre-t of factiue (and he begged to state proposed would affect, after auntie time., 111/farelaiVe ILK*
that he dud is et allude to any bluing which had been said or 'titration in that country. The laws Male be obeyed by the
atone by the Nulee Maseru-) to 'give a contrary direction to rich as well as the poor, and the higher oedema should be the
those evils, and to endeavour to prove that they grew out Or eyesuf Gurenimeas,tu assist in carrying them into exerotion.
(be Gueernment, or out of this or that Administration. But —(Hear, hear.)—He now came to the important topic of
is was impossible to consider the state of Leland fairly wills. tithes. Os this eubject them was one point from *A hieb they
eat exaniiiiiiig its real conslitiose and earainissiug what re. mast stale, without' reference to which all reasoning would
ets ci it dall red from uglier parts of the respite. He had be mil., and 'het was that the right of tithes (he did rut
takes the liberty of,ststiog on a forager uteasiou that to con• mean divine right) wee es mind a• the right by whitebait
stilering all such questions as the present, Iwo comsat/motions pruprietur, perchaser, or inheritor of a property, enjoyed hie.
eiust be borne in motel : Gist, whether the evil arose faum trussessicros. Bet even if the right of property were to
the relation a which the Goverewient stood to ilk goverued; be estimated by this utility of bias who sejoved it, he
pod secondly, sloth. rit ',msg. from the Stale is which would even then say Ow the modest clergy and Inland
howdy itself wit* placed, mid the relation' its which the were as useful a lowly of sum as any in the community.
hotly of tie people pool as compseed with those He cowidereil them as resident proprietors, who spent threw
tilio possessed the property of the cuoutry, by these income ammo theme hoist whom it was derived Ile knew
Ilse principles the whole state ed the world was to he that la many liastieseeo they did not receive isse.belf of their
merktvied. If we looked,. back to these emir times does. Theis let their Lismielmps consider what email be
Amused the studies of cur earl tb,
- - • Y!". Ike effect of the mode of missesuistion propoolid. They said
. . . .

they were anxious Hi limit 'related aid improve
; and wing Jld limploppies la its impoverished add

~~

L ! h

'

sterVing inhabitants? They proposed that, 'cob they
formerly paid their tithe to the ri.sident clergyman who
spent it amongst them, they should now pay it to a nea•
reddest laudlord.—(Hear, beer.)—Therefore he had no
doubt that the moment the 'object was fairly considered,
there was no honourable miod that could doubt that tithes
constituted as dound • right of property as any utber, end
• perhaps was better exercised than any other. One of the great
evils arising from the present system was the awbdivisims uf
properly. lo this country if a clergyman received 401 a
year, it would Perhaps be paid by 30 people ; bat in Ireland
a clregyinati would enjoy an income of 4001. a year levied
perhaps from 1,5011 persons. What was the remedy pro-
ponsd ? He said, let the proprietor pay the tithe and regu-
late with the farmer, sad the clergyman lease his tithe to
the proprietor. The clergy would consent to that system,
lona if any difficulty arose in the way of As executioe it
tweet proceed from the proprietors. Oa the subject of corn.
mutatine, he must any he never had seen any principle of
which he could approve. Bet if the proprietors would con.
went to the proposed srratgement, there would be an end
to all the evils arising oat of a eubdivision of property,
which its his opinion, more then any other (muse, tended to
impede the progress of civilization; for he always found
ohs' civil': ilium increased in proportion in this ronntry
in proportion as property was less subdivided. He was not
aware that there was say other topic to which he vliould
advert. Several measures had been proposed to Parlientent
which would come before their Lordships its proper dine.
A ineasore had been introduced by a Right Honourable
Friend of his, which it wis considered expedient to bring
forward, not as the only measure which it was intended 'to de-
vise, but merely to try its temporary operation, whilst others
of more importance were in preparation. Another subject
had been isiteeluced relative to the police, on which a vs-
del of opinions were entertained, many of them erroneous,
and whirl, priciest's) from an attachment to ancient eines,
which, upon other occasions, they were anxious to remove.
Before lie sat down, he felt it necessary to make an climates-
doe to remove any imputation that this motion might seem to
cast upon the conduct of the Noble Lord at the head of the
Irish Government, although he was fully disposed to give the
Noble Marquis opposite credit bush fur the time be had
chosen and tile talent with which he haul brought forward this
motion. Their Lordships must be aware that in eunsequence
of the noting of Parliament, the Lord Lieutenant was
deprived of the valuable assistance of those who were
connected with the Gordioneut, indepeudent of which,
since be bad ondeutaken the Government of Ireland, the
Martinis Wellesley had bees suffering from indisposition.
He never knew a man who could bring the whole energies of
his 'isnot more completely to the consideration of any rises-
lion, and he was the last MO io the world who would put
his pen to a hasty or precipitate measure. He would look
far acid deeply berme he gave an opinion; and whether that
opinion might he right or wrong, it would, at least, he the
result of the most mature judgment. Besides his natural
capacity for such a subject, be brought to the consideration
the strongest attachments to Irelandsee(Hear, hear )—lt was
Cue country of his birth—in which he was first distinguished
—trues which be came to this country—in which he had run
his bright career. He returned wow to !related for the first
time with all the dispositions of an bialunan, and with the
puerensa determination that the loot act of his political life
would be to confer a benefit on hie uative enuntry.—(Hear,
bear.)—The Noble I.ord concluded by stating, that, erithout
meaning any disrespect to the Noble Marquis, be felt it his
duty to move the previous question.
The Earl of LIMERICK said he considered the condos
before their Lordships one of the most vital importance,
and in the course which he maul to pursue, be begged to-
tally to disclaim all party views. He could not avoid feeling
some surprise at hearing the Noble Earl who had jest sat
duwu state that there was no necessity for the motion pro-
posed by his Noble Friend. But he was of opinion that
every part of the speech of the Noble Marquis proved its
necessity, and if the attention of Parliament had not
been called before its separation to this importaat sub-
ject, he should augur the most lamemehle consequences.
The evils of which they had now to complete del nut seise
from the gentry of Indeed, for there were nu better landlords
to be found; but the preseut Eaciee Laws were enough to
barberise any conutry. He considered she present mode of
exercising the elective franchise as productive of evil; for
nothing tended more to excite a spirit uf paltry ambition,
rind there was nothing he should more willingly reform. (Ja
the subject of tithes he must say, that, he did out wish to
deprive the church of their dam He was descended on both
aides from olergy, and was as much attached as any man to
the church establishment; but he thought that it •1111 the
duty of their Lordships so consult the general good when it
would not interfere with private loftiest's. Did be mean to
adveriste spoliation of the church ? Certainly not. He
Isnew• if be dil he should advocate su attack on his
own. But he could support the proposition of the Noble
Marquis without any view of that kind, which, instead of
injuring the property of the church, would rather tend to
inerenie it.--(Hear, hear.)—The Noble Earl had expressed
his approbation of the plan of making the proprietor respon-
sible to the clergyman for his tithes. He, for our, never
could consent Meech a measure. The Noble Lord concluded
by espresaing bin determination to support the motion of
the Nubia Marquis.

luMinous, wad coitprdiensive itategiedit of the le * •
cols who had introdoced this lingsdrtaet subject to limit
Lordships' consideration, it would kW enace y fur MO awry
enter very onsasittly into the question. Sonsiethiug„
ever, it was necessary for him to say iodefesace of the Nokia
Lord at the head of the Irish Government. He was ex•
tremely surprised at the mode in which the proposition eras
met by the Noble Eifel opposite, fw be never recollected
to have heard, either there or elsewhere, a speech so wholly
devoid of party.—(Hear, hear.)—lt did not mullein one
single sentiment that could indicate to *bat .party the.
Noble Marquis belouged.—(Hebr, bear, heitr.)fle could
slut, of course, be supposed witf.lly to Misrepresent the
Noble Earl opposite (Lord Lfeerpool), fur whom he esi•
tenanted the highest and most just leapt-es; but be con-
fessed tint his speech did appear to hem like an answer
to a strong party opposition speech, as if an week hail
been made Opus: Ministers from his (Lord D.'•) side of
the House, and that he (Lord Liverpool), as first Weimer of
the Crown, felt it nereseery to put ass extinguisher on it.
The Noble Earl bed stated, that this mulish implied a cell.
sure on Government. la the first iastassee he denied the
inference, but inisnitting it to be true, should that iiilltienee
the Howie to nject it ? He rowidered the speech oY his
Noble Friend sot an attack, but en unsuswercd—"l'llswer-
able statement. The Noble Earl bad also said, it was an
attack on the bead of the Irish Goverenseet. He (Lord D.)

felt as strongly as asp Iwo could do fur the diameter of
entheiligiledlusitariou the s
.... lnadralvideal. He bad seen him at business,
witnessed In any man gre*lntelirestakuleth,isgroethateer; pc"risel li:cranney:,
nor a more complete and entire absence of every feeling but
that of a determination to do what was right. With little
assivtance from those officially connected with the Govern-
ment, in consequence of the sitting of Paileameut, and Whet
causes, all the weliy,ht devolved upon bin shoulders, nor did he
shrink for one moment front the task, but performed his do.
ties like Cu honest, firm, and resolute man.—(Hear, bear.)—•
The Noble Earl seemed to be of opinion that it was to the
Lord Lieittestant the country was to look for the remedy of
all the evils. But did their Lordships see to what extent
this argument might he carried ? At the conclusion of the
government of the Marquis Wellesley, if any measure were
incomplete, if • remedy had not been applied to any earn-
baler grievance, the Noble Lord would cry out, " Oh ! yod
must leave all this to the Lord Lieutenant—will you at-
tempt to iuterfere ?—will you not give him time ? He
(Lord D.) thought that time had not been given to the Mar.
quit Wellesley. They might have known he would have made
himself acquainted with every circumstance connected with
the subject, before he proposed any measure. He had done
too much in every situation in which be had been placed to
risk his hie,' character fur the purpose of gratifying the in.
considerate impatience of the public. He was too prudent
to grope in the dark, he would sound the drum, be would
take up the whole question, and wit proposition did
came forward, they would find it would be a 'erasure worthy
of a great inns or it never would proceed (ruin him. He
(Lord D.) could not hope for soy benefit hula the Iwo mea-
ltimes which had stolen into Parlinuient at the rod of the
'ration. The public mind had been greatly agitated on Ike
'object of tithes. and strong expectations were entertained
that something would have been proposed by Goverumeet in
way of commutation. But lie must say that iu say thing
which had been said by the Right Husourable Secretary
for licked, or in any expressiuu which had Cahn from
the Right Honourable and Learned Gentleman who bad
supported him,, be could find nothing that gave the
least encouragement to such a hope. They stated, cer.
Mainly, that the subject was nut preciuded from consideration,
but they would not hold forth the least expectation of such
a proposition originating with them. With respect to the
Magistracy, be must say that they were In • very bad state.
The House was not acquainted with their conditiun. It was
true the Lord Chancellor would not refuse, uuless he saw
strong reasons, to appoint a Magistrate on the recom-
mendation of a Privy Counsellor. But why not take •
general review of the Magistracy? He considered the
Bill which hail been introduced for regulating the po.
lice, to Bey the least of it, of a very objettionable
racier. He felt that such a Bill would never be offer-
ed to an unoffended cuuntry. But, God knows, his
country had been sunieiently intruded; bat. if this Bill
should pass into a law. it would hr completely degraded,
fur the old established Magiatrates of the counts./ wutaid be
placed under • pensioned magistiacy.—(Hear, hear)—Now,
admitting that such • system might be necessary its some
parts of !reboot, why saddle the whole country with it? Vi'hy
extend it to Ulster and Connaught ? He had no doubt that
when Government brought in the Bill they ihueght they
were acting well. No man of • contrieltensive wined could
suppose they were doing much; but they seemed to feel
that something was necessary to be done in the present
Session, and they might as well bring in • Bill or two,
which could do no harm. He perfectly agreed with
the Noble Burl (Liverpool), that be was not aware any dm.
tiactions had been made to the ammonia,/ of Mamatrates us
the ground of religion. He had recommended several
Romeo Catholic Gentlemen who were instantly appointed.
He begged pardon of the House for having detained Owes so
long, but he could not, cousistenily with bin own feelings,
allow the giantism to puts without expreniug his -emulous
upon it —(Hear, hear.)
laird ELLEN BOROUGH did not wish to change the
tone of the debate, fur which reason lie would out give louse
to the whole impresaious on his mind. He wts of opium's
that the motion made by the Noble Marquis (Lansilowu)
might have been made at any time at the conquest of Irv.
laud, or at the Union, for at tome of thuse times had the
state of 'rebind been properly attended to by the Government
•f this country, which wee a slur on the precut and all
preceding Governments, for they did not ea:celiac into the
true cause, which was the statute law of Ireland. How dif-
fer. lit the state of Ireland would be ifs nil lac motion hid
been made at the Uition, and carried into elicit at ie'.t tits,-,
fur 'ben they would have hail only to contend with a popu.
lation of five minim's, whew now they had to cuoteud with •
starving population of seven millions. He declared that in
his opinion there could be no improvement to the state of
Ireland under a Govirnment conetilui d as the element at as,
i.e 1111111 all persons in Ireland were put in the same situa-
tion in the eye of the law; until then equal jostles could
mot be done. The Noble Earl (Liverpool) bad told their
Lordships that it was the bad state of society in Ireland, and
not the Government, that had been the cause of the distress,
and attempted to romper, the society with that of Scotland.
He would ask the Noble Earl bad Scotland tithes, and she-
(her she had out strict justice, and whether the mass* of
the people were oat of the pel• of the law's, which was
the ease in 'relied The Noble Earl ought to have told
them what was the state of Sertilartil whets she was con-
quered, and the measures taken by Englund to ameliorate
their condition. The first thing that ass done was to send
English judges into that country to distribute justice ; the
consequence of which was, that in a few years the conquer.
iug country land no ucca•ion to leave • single soldier to se-
cure her conquest. The Noble and Leatued Loud on the
Woolsack said, that from the small uitmlier or appeal, which
came from Ireland, he was COW/11/MI the people were sails.
fled with the distribution of justice. It was 1101 the diet. i.
button of justice between the rich that was complained of,
but that between the rich and the pour where Magistrates
were called on to decide. As to the commutation of tithes,
the marlinem ought not to be fixed on what the clergyman
says be is emitted to receive, but on what lie had been is the
habit of receiving, as otherwise it would be the ruin of the
proprietors of laud. Withuut commutation in the Bill in.
troduced into the other House of Parliament WAS made cont.
'misery, it would be null. When a Petition was presented
some time back by a Noble Duke (Devonshire) ou the sal,.
ject of tithes both his Grace sod the Noble Marquis said
they were ready to make every sacrifice fur any commutation.
He klieg, a great estate ix the 'girth of Ireland where the
proprietor of the laud was the imprupriator of the tithes, w here
these was out a worst said about the latter; but in other
parts of the country, where the tithes were in the hands of
the clergymen, and the chief part of the pariehioners of an-
other religions persuasion, they felt the headship and iiijus-
tii.ceid of se
,Thihse
otobßliellsEianriflo(dDuicotedouigultionttobree)olild
House of Parliament did not proceed from the Executive of
the Governmeut of Ireland, but from his Majesty's Govern.
Mena herr. That was saying that the two Governments were
distinct. Bet if beat any time had occasion to bring forward
• motion to censure the eondoet of the Noble Marquis at
the head order Irish Government, he would do or, tududiog
the whole of hie !Majesty's Government.

The LORD.CH A NCELLOR wished to say a few words
as to the administration 01-.IIIIMM As far as he was enabled
to judge from the appeals which were before him, he saw no
pretend of complaint. But he eery well knew bow *oilseed
stood in that poetic-oiler. The number of appeals had been
diminished of late years in consequence of the 'ego lat ion that
the Chancellor should hear appeals three days iu the week.
But since the passing of that regulation, and the shop was
thrown open, the number of customers toed Mere aard. For
eleven years before, the es timbres were 1116, and since the num-
hers were WA. A few days bark they were calculst.ng if their
Lordships hid ordered the Cloriacellor to sit constantly until
the appeals were all gone through, hi's/ many consecutive days
would occupy ; and the calculation was, that for the Eng-
lish, Irish, and Welsh appeahr, fifty dale would be quite
sufficiesit ; hut that the Scotch would occupy more than 400.
—(A laugh.)—With respect le the question of tithes, he
must say to reply to the Noble Lord who opened the d• bate,
fur whom, in common with-every man tin the country, he en-
tertained the highest respect, that be considered it extremely
strange that in his speech he should have denominated tithe
■s a tax sod impaled. With all due respect be would tell
him that lie might as well apply the expreasion to the mere
growth of his property. The Noble Lord on the truss bench
(Lord Limerick) had stated that he would consent to in-
terfere with the properly of the church, although he
could not allow an loterference with the proprietor. But
he would tell that Needle Lord the law of the land
was this, that when he purchased his property, lie only
obtained a claim to nine-tenths, and the remaining one-
teeth was sn much the property of the church ■s
the properly which be purchased. He felt it necessary to
make line observations, and shonld not detain them longer.
The Marquis of DOWNSH IRE said he was very much
disappointed at the manner in which the corona had bees
met by the Noble Earl. The proposition of his Noble
Friend was clear awl simple. The great objection which
was felt simian tithes was, that it operated as a ling upon
all improvement. The Noble Earl had talked of the benefit
of resideut clergymen, but he saw from the Report of the
Committee ou the subject of tithes, that several parishes
had been nuked, from which all the advantages of resi-
dence were destroyed. In one district of Iwo thousand
acres, in a particular part of Ireland, the living of one
clergyman extended over I,CII-4 acres. He eras well
aware that the Noble Lord at Nee head of the Irish Govern-
ment had turned his attention to this subject, but he would
meet the same difficulties as his predecessors had done, fur
there was not a eciuntry is ohs world in *huh truth wan so
hard to be elicited With reaped to the Police Bill which
had beam introduced, he ronsidereil it extremely objection.-
able, stud for the north of Ireland. be could speak front posi-
tive knowledge. that it would discourage senor of the most
necelleese Magistrates, and indispose them for the exercise of
their office, and he knew that the appoortment of a stipen-
diary magistracy WO4lllll ironer roue of them to withdraw
from the commission. As fir the residence of great pro-
prietors in Ireland, he llnegM that whatever abstract opt.
Mona might be entertained-.if they would only devote a
Pal of their lime and income to the improvement mad en-
Ceseragement of their ennetry, awl would employ iatelli-
gest and honotrable sweats, they weld soma see a dirceetat
state of Hinge in
The lad sf DONUGGH MOR said, that after the clear,

.\ (

1% faL

•.46.
in • •
, : CSINTOII epalie la (hoar rf the ern:
Kittlite, and said he world vele for the motion of
**Noble. is.
The WA CHANCECLOR did set deny that Parha-
Shoat eterfevie in the sehjett of tithes, bet be thought
they Its tier interfere with any thing else.
The Earl of LIMERICK and the LORD CHANCEL-
LOR explained.
The Earl of DAHNLET odd, Ise would be sorry to de-
tain their Lordship, but lie coati not, consistent with what
lie ihunght his .duty, give a sheet vote on such an import.
set question. It had been infest properly awl ably argued
by the Noble Boron (Ellentpireorh), Shensr the two Go-
remotest' were to lee considered as seParate, ogee. The
Noble Earl (Bnemeelomore) had told them .bat the proposed
measures in the other Howse of Parliament did not Meathe
from the Noble Marquis at :he head of the Government it,
ed with
I,
ee": tree,
ill:jig:117;
...It'll:tea:thee:. else:
ulo Intle: Ili !bob:
ildet compelledpep‘iterlhesialkibtt wsy
saying, tt hhh"eaotsainwethabsjileers:::
t
was mieretlehlue su physically had in the nature of the people
rot Ireland, that they ought not to enjoy the protection at-
forded to the people of other countries. This certainly was
strung declaration. awl not a fair representation ef tbe peo-
ple of a reentry. who had never been protected. The visit of
his Majesty to Ireland held out hopes to him that the Inns.
lion of 'reload would have been considered, and their con:
dillon ameliorated; that hope was strengthened when the
Noble Mugu's, at present at the head of the Government.
was out there, bat all his hopes had been disappointed.
He considered Mat • total revision of the Magistrates to
Ireland was highly n y; lilt he thought the prevent
measure pro Posed in the other House of Parliament would
Only have the effect of diegoi.ting the whole Magistracy. If
the propitiation of the Noble fulsrquis (Lansdowo) was not
carried this eight, be hoped he would bring it forward again
and again rain it woo coot ;if he should decline duties so
he (the Noble Earl) would consider it his duty to do so.
Lord HOLLAND said, after what had been mortared on
the subject by Muse Noble Lords connected with Ireland,
and after the able and eloquent speech of the Noble Boron
(Ellenborough), who was, like himself, not couleri,ti
Ireland, lee would only express his opinion on topes that
I had been improperly brought before their Lardsloop., and
were not connected with the subject. The motion of hs
Noble Friend only went to pledge their Lordships to take
the state of Ireton,' ,situ their consideration; this was an.
swered by the Noble Earl by ntovibg the previous spiesties
that was, according to Polio:mosey language, saying
this is not the proper time for tabor it into coaridera.
tion, but when it comes from Ministers It bears moiler
construction...have ronfidence in the Executive, and it
will du all you ask for. He agreed that Parliament had
bad student patience on this subject, fur whey a mes-
sage came from the Crown for coercive onetime+ agsioet
the people of Ireland, which their Lord.hips reluctantly
parted, the Noble E'rl at the head of the Treasury told
them, it was the state of the society of the cuuntry made them
necessary, and the F.vectstirc was trying to uhrisee it, which
was precisely the same lose which they had heard foe the last
tweety.mo years. Whets his Noble Friend (the Doke of
Devonshire), with the modesty which became his age, mid
with that promise of ability which wee noberent in his fa-
mily, presented a Petition fur the moinnouation of tithes
—(Hear, bear, hear)—the Noble Earl opposite (Liver.
pool) highly comphmented his Greer, awl seemed to COT
cede to the parrot the Petition, and so far impelled on ha
Grace, as to stake him believe that he would roc/tole ; but
be (Lord Hulked) told. the baba Doke he wassaistoken.
for the Noble Earl had two modes of genie/ rid of a woo,.
nun: the Met, by being boonneroue, and declaring that the
country was in danger, or that the Church wed Shute eve in
Osage. ills other, by acceding to every thing that r atli.j.
but it weemos she time for its being comedies, eh. He,
for himself, would tailor take elm Noble Earl eu. his hither
tones, for in Ms softest moments he was the most ..lattc• lOUs.
He recollected me the quests's of the Catholics, the great.
est abjection the Noble Earl had to the mrsaure way, ilia:
it would pet swords in the bawl of the Catbolien to cut the
throats of those belonging to Me established church ; but les
afterwards agreed to a Bill inttuffeced ha the Irate Duke of
Norte*, which put the verify liernrda in the hands of the Ca.
Money. When his late "eyerito he lainented (mend, .Mr.
Houser, in the other Belvieu( Parleament, brought forward
the subject of the currecey, the 'Noble Earl met it with ab-
horrence, mad there was a repollution posved in the other
Howse of Pealiement, that a one pound Bauk note and
a shilliag were of meal value as a (shone Lot after-
wards the Noble Earl assumed the proportion of Mr.
Homer. TM Noble Earl said at one time, from the in-
crease of the eowelatiou et the amatory the 'tending army
could not be reduced, nut our could he lace from it, and
afterwards be swept •wayotir.third ,f it. It was the nine
with the Wooten of the teem.; the Noble Earl had imel
them that nut one stoillieg ovoid he given top, lance whirl
several taxes had been repealed. 'The Nuble Earl. perky.,
would tell them that it was not be that had given them
up, bet the Helium of CAinimon.. He would tell 10,1 girt
he waa at the head of lota Majesty's Government, sad
was particularly come rued with the hoaorea of the Go.
tvoernimenheirt,Loarodd.hitrl,,int
alrd ftiohotze.lotcouniout,,,to ae.
which wneertiounost
founded in fort. Then route the euridine of the Sinking
Fund: the Noble Earl *could not load with a Midi,:
of it ' • he would take it into hie embruce, nod clasp it to
hie bosom; but the OILMICUI he COlllll nut deal with the Sees,
Alt ones get eufeehleil and Ire lees it fall from his embrace.—
(Hear.)—The Noble Earl haul told them to trust to hum sued
his Conceivers, and they woelil Ming the country sable
through. Ile, fortune, did not henry* hhn; for whether ft
was from the construction cf the pet scut Admioistrition, or
its bad compottent pwrts, he, fur one, would trot tmailseet.
The *hole of the NJ:)I6 Earl's argument stoical the
station was the ewe of Etrirly. This eame will a ih.fd
grace from • person who soppoited the Ualon; and hmuelit
that load society into the tomato of his comity,. The itohie
Len! concluded by enervating their I.Coridollipe, as they fie!
introduced the
Bub, mere, thins 'the whole benefit of it, mud del IS son
people of Indeed into the Esgtiah Ceestim.
peed the trial by pry from tide hi lithe in that eirentry:
Their Lorilehips thaw divided, whet. shuts appals* titer
the maim of the Marquis of Lahialuste •t

coosessie..
Pressiee
....—.
Nat Contests 65
Pommes
.- lOt
-

Mojoeiro
Their I.o,d•hips. at Irltapivel. Elden o'Cielet, on the
tuutiou of the Earl of *II A ETIRSeII KY, adjutiroeJ
51ouday nem.

HOUSE or• COMMONS, 'FRIDAT, Just 14.

The SPEAKER took the Chai, at foe,stork.

_ .
Mr. DA LY gate notice of a mutton. Nie neN!
en the stakieei IS Titheti in Ireland.
Mr COKE presented a Petition irons the Landhohlrrs
one of tbe Hundreds of Notfulk, tomplariiii.e of Aerie.'
turd Di sssss a, and praying fur Patliameutaty Kefoim.—
Ordered to hip, tinted.
Sir R. WILSON peeeented a Petition from Wili:zen
Greathead Lewisof Coventry, now a petsimor u. the c"),11 m
Oakbara, complaining edit proseentio• bavtne been turned
against hits, and peualties levied fue roaeted gram as
a 11l bsittnielor ruffct.
Ant., a hlew woril‘ from the CHANCELLOR or the EX.
CHEQUER, the Pet iI MI was ordered to he spun the talsh •

SA LT AN LEATIII ER TAXES.
GeneraIGASCt)YNE seeing ihe ClEtnceilor of the le-
chequer in his place, stashed to ask him, in ender that the
pedant mind 'alit! lee set at fist use the solve% win h. r
it
Ka!, his intention to perserrie in retaining the S. p. I'o'll'l
of the salt tax. or to glee up the *hole
Ur. IL SU M N Elt Bawl a report was is circuitous), /6,1
in the event of the ...hole a the salt tax briag gisct, "P.
was intended nut to ittoceerl aisle the .qpeal ~1 the
lax; •tol as it was e f great consequence to those .otirernrJ
in the !rattle, trade to Le e °erectly info awe* 011 the sehst.
lee hosed aloe night Ilene Gentleman v aseshl state *hat tbr
intention of Gore' lenient ass in that net pers.
The CIIANCLI.I.OIt of the EX .7.IIEQUER said:
should have oudoubtrdly to propose en tosidershle alteinned
in the Resolutieus hirb the House hail already agreed Id's
