FOREIGN IsrELLNENCE.

FROM THE FRENCH AND DUTCH TAPERS,

ST. rereassuaon, TEE. 18.
Frorn the 18th. of February, 1803, to the 18th
February, 1804,- there were married in Russia.
302,467 couples.; died, 791.979 ; born, 1,279,321.
In the number-of deaths wore--3•i, between 115
and 120 ; 15, between 120 and 125 ; 5, between
125 and 130 ; antl.l of 150 veats of age.
A letter from Amsterdam of the 27th last, states
a rumour there that the English Government mean
to send Ambassadors Extraordinary to. several
Continental Courts, with a plan for reifying
the political balance of Europe. The report adds,
that Earls hf scartra ea- and MALMEsIIOIY. and
Lords Auczt•No and ST. HELENS, were to be
among the persons to be appointed for that purpose.
AMSTERDAM, it ',RCN 22.
A letter from Algiers, of the llth•February, says,
" The English have visited us five times since the
British vessel was sent away ; and, according to a
regulation lately entered into, the DE r has accepted
av Charge let AjThires, and delivered np eleven Eng.
I . lishmen, who were in slavery ; but more than one
hundred English still remain in that unfortunate
state."
• HA SICURntf, MARCH 15.
Marshal Bernadotte, who returned from Park to
the French army in Hanover, on the 18th• Of -Fe;
Irnary, issued towards the end of that month the
following decree :
" Head Quarters General, Fob. 27, 1805.
" The dAculty of payine the French a:me renders it tie='
cereary to have recour.e so the follinving measiaref W i 4 the
only one by means of whioli we can allow the hiatiovertait
Administr akin to exist on its present fi..titig, and tax Rey. the
salaries of the Civil Olfteri, and MC:llberi of the Cond. of
Justice All the farmer+ of ilumainal Irropetty (Men' dotal-
itswr ), and their dependencies, shall be boon+ to pay in ail-
vale to the Treasury of the Chamber of Finana:esshe half of
what they owe, annurly, at Over equal ise,iod, viz. March
ala, Apr-I s'itt , mid May !lit, counting the last six
of the rear 1806. and the first six of 18.7.
" The farmers shall consequently he considered a. the
creditors of the treasury, and, inconsideration a their advances,
vier shill receive a bonus of four per cent. to commenca the
21.4 of Mar.
livery farmer w'r. dv,i not pay at the time prescribed,
ship! lose his farm fifteen da.s a ter, and in that ease shall ha
re.,p st.sibie for the solos not carried to the treesui•.
(Signed) •• BERNADOTTE"
FLORENCE, Till. 4.
A store house of ammunition blew up on the 10th
• o 4 January, lathe I.land of Elba. Many houses in
toe neighbourhood VILle muzh damaged, and sere
rd Dyes

111ADR !LI, TRW, 90.

Our land army is going to be considerably aug.
mented. In all parts officers are employed in re-
r:viting. to plate the regiments of infantry on the!
war footing, and our Government never &hewed
more adivity to carry on the war against England
with all possible vigour. The six regiments of
Swiss infantry in the ply of Spain will form, re-
cording to their new organisation, an effedive body
et 11,000 raen. The fine regiment of the Walloon
Inwards will be increased one hundred men per bat-
talion in the same m.inner as those of the Spanish
guards. The formation of several battalions of
grenadiers has also been ordered. These measures
prod.tc..: no rrl.txation in those in regard to the mari-
time armaments.
