NEGRO SLAVERY.

Mr. BASTARD prese ii---pctitionirOm the inhabitants of
Barnstaple, Flaying for the abolition of Negro slavery.
Similar petitions wereprementeil by SirC. Cole, from Swansea; by
Slr H. Parnell, from a parish in the Queen's county ; and by Lord
Milton, from Whitby ; another from the pariah of Borstal, in the
county of York; and another from the township of Stacsby.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
HIDES AND SKINS.
Mr. BLACKBURN presented a petition from the butchers of
Preston, in favour of the !fides and Skins Bill.—laid on the
table.

Sir 0. CLERK presented 4 petition from the tanners of Bus-
deborougti, against the Hid!! and Skins Bill.—Laid on the table.

BEER:-BIL(..

Mr. COURTENAY presented a petition from the city of Exeter,
spinet the Beer Bill.
A similar petition was prmental by Mr. Lroow, from certain
licensed victuallers.

IMPRESSMENT OF SEAMEN.
Mr. SI'KES presented a patitiqn from the port of Hull against
the impressment of seamen. The lion. Gentleman hoped that in
a time of peace the attentian of the Legislature would be turned
to this subject, and that the oppressive system would be•eoully and
carefully examined.—Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SYKES pt need a petition from the merchants and bankers
of Kingston-upon-Hull, praying that Attorneys might be allowed
to act as Notaries Public.—Laid on the table.

Sir R. SHAW presented a petition from the paper-manufacturers
of Dublin ageing the tax on paper—Laid on the table, arid or-
dered to he pruned.
Mr. CI RTEIS moved for a return of the accounts of the coun-
tervailing duties on Spanish and French vessels entering the pm of

MR. OWEN'S PLAN.
Mr. S. RICE presented a petition from Robert Owen, Esq. of
New Lanark, paying for the appointment of a Committee to in-
quire into the metitsur his plan. The lion. Gentleman thought it
at all events probahle that the plan of Mr. Owen would be bane.
&ial to Ireland.
Sir W. AE CRESPIGNY said he had advised Mr. Owen not
to present the petition to the House. He thought it not improNtble
but Mr. Owen might have some plan which would do good to Ire.
land, but be it would be done without the interference of the
House.
--..—.. . . . . .

Cocnnel TRENCH thought the plan would be highly injurious
to Ireland.

Laid aii the table.

ted a petition from an individual named
trfin, eompbuning of abuses in the Stamp-office of Limerick,—
bn the table.
Mr. COLVILLE presented a petition from Dromore in Ireland,
praying for the establishment of poor laws in that country—Laid
on the table.

Lord 1111LTON presented a petition from an individual named
Flannagan, complaining of abuses in Courts of Law.—Laid on the
table._

Sir R. SHAW, pursuant to his notice, moved that there be laid
before the House a copy of the conespontience with the Post-office
relative to the Post-office packets, and of the report made by the en-
gineers sent down to view them.
After a few words from Sir 11. PARN ELL and Mr. Hume, the
mo:ion was agreed to.
An account was t4lO ordered of the average length of the ten
longest passages made between Dublin and Holyhead by the
Atop/ Sovereign, Meteor, and another stem packet, in the
year 1823.
USURY I.4WS.
Mr. Aldzrtnan HEYOATE obtained leave to bring in a RRI
to repeal the forfeitures anti penalties incurred under the Usury
Laws, and to substitute others in lieu thereof. The worthy
Alderman stated his object in be to facilitate the enfweement of
the penalties on usury, 'and with that view to substitute for the
realties of the existing laws others proportioned to the rate of
interest usuriously taken.
On the motion of Mr. KEttwr.ny the Poor Regulation (Scot-
land) Bill was ordered to be read a second time that day thr..el
months.

The other Arden of the Day were then divined of, and the
House adjourned.

MINORITY

ON SIR JOON xzwrotres ',forum RELATIVE TO THR

THIST FIIIIITI IN INELANCI-M•T 2S.
Allen, J. 11. Heron, Sir R. Power, Richard
Anson, Sir G. Hill. Lord A. Powlett, Hon. W.
Banks, 11. Hornhy, E. Prier. R.
Barnard, Vise. Hughes. W. L. /ipbarts A. W.
Becher, %V. W. Hume, .1. Bohan*, O. J.
Banal, K. II utchicson, Hon. C. Robinron. Sir 0.
Brougham, 11. Knight, R. Russell, Lord J.
Carrel, J. Leycester, R. Bickford, W.
Campbell, lb. G. P. Lloyd, Sir E. P. Scurlett, J.
Carew, C. S. Leader, W. Scott, Jag'.
Chaloner, B. Langston, J. 11. Smith, John
Coke, T. W. Lester, B. Stanley, Lord
Irolbortie. N. W. R. Macdonald, J. Stewart, W. (Tyrone)
Creevey, Thomas Marjoribanks, S. Stuart, bard P. J. C.
Cole, Sr C. Martin, J. Taylor, M.:l.
Denison, W. S. Milton, %Ise. Tierney, Ht. Hon. 0.
Ebrington, Vise. Monde, J. B. Wharton, John
Evans, W. Newport, Sir J. Whitbread, S. C.
Ferguson, Sir R. Nugent, Lord Williams, W.
Grattan, James I.FesUaschoo, J. Wood, M.
tirenfkll, I'. 11rd, W. Whiunore, W. W.
those, Sir R. Osborne, Lord F. G.
Gurney, It. H. Palmer, C. F. TNI.I.E11:1.
Gordon, R. Phillips O. sen. Durcannon, 1 is.
.11soUlton, Lord A. Phillips, G. H. Jun. Rice, T. S.

NOTICES OF MOTIONS (TIIIS DAY.
Mr Ellice—Papers relating to the conduct of Sir Win. Luniky,
Governor of Berir.uda.

Mr. Martin (of lialway)—Bill to amend Act 211 George 111. for
regulating Houses or othsr Places kept tur the rurpose of slaughter-
ing Horses.
Mr. Thomas Wilson—Bill for the betterrvgulation of the Butter
Trade in Ireland.

Mr. Ilume—To move Standing Driler, That no Member, hay.
log an intemt in a Private Bill, shall be allowed to rotein the
Committee km the Bill.
.Me. Ilume—Return of Commitments by Magistrates.
ORDERS Or TIIE DAV.

Hide* and Skina Bill—Third Reading,
Fiaheries Bill—Further Unnsidcration of Report.
Marillerica (Sooeland) Bill--Reriort.
Origami (Coals and Linens) Ml—Third Reading.
New South Wales Ildl—Committee.
Artisans' Emigration Bill—Committee.
Asse..seil Taxes Bill—Third Reading.
Dublin Police Bill—
Wan•liou.ictl Wheat ItilMommittee.
Newfoundland Fisheries Bill—Third Reading.
Lancaster County Courts Bill--Secoad Readiag.
Charities Inquiry Bill—Committee.
Law 3lerchant Amendment Bill—Third Reading.
Beer Duties Bill—Third Reading.
Clergy Residoce Rill—Report.
Southwark Bridge Bill—Report.

EAST INDIA MOUSE.

—wwwws—
Yesterday a Special Gene—ral Court rf the East hulks Paterititess.
was held, for the purpose of laying befbre the Proprietorsogrefiably
to the Bylaw, cap. I. sec. 4 the Draft of a Bill, entitlesßill fob
en:lf:ling die Commissioner acting in execution al an agreement
made between the East India Company and the Private Cralitork
of his late Highness Ameer Singh, formed/ Itajatt of Tan.tore% de•
ceased, the better to carry the same into effect."
A copy of the said Bill and Deed of Agreemett Ipa at di',
House foe the perusal of the Pmprietorr.
The Court of Directors dofurtht-r give muic.e. ay; at dee eteisb
General Court, there will be laid before the Proprietors, fee their
approbation, agreeably to the Bylaw, esp.. G. live. IN the eePlt of
Resolution of the Court of Directors of die of Jamisiry last,
granting to the 0117116 C Co.nmissioners., so burg ri tber shall be
employed in the doable duty of investigating vla.fus up el the Car:
nett; and claims upon Tanjore, a special allowance of 301,.Per
annum tech from the Cornpanu in 'demon to tbe waree
I,bOttl. per annum at present eitziyed by them tinder Die Catatlc
Deed, and flaing their allowance Dunn the period tv,ten
miewon shall =sr, at 1,4691. pea annum, to continue alai • g eirthsp
may be emi.loyed under the rerisining 0111:.11i0.601. 4.4 to he paid,
should the remaining Connuianon be tit Carmine I:mnielmion, as
at prisent and should it be the Tanjore Conituirsion, trots top
Company'. evils.
Tie Amines of :he last Court being read,
TheCitainusx said, that Certain papas prompted to the How*
of ormons should be read.

Before the question was r .'
(knead l'itonwrox askeallif It was not usual to, include, in thii
requisition for itiecial meetings, the particular sub rtes !which Inc);
met to discuss-1i his nosies was not w thieved.

The CHAIRMAN anat! end in the negative • the time tt:a
shortly arrive when the ticoottrable IJenaral Mold f
his motion.

The Cuataitax called the attention of the Pr quieter, to *a
spaniel object c 4 the Meeting, namely, the application to Partin;
menu for • Bill Mr the appointiitent of eennmiwioners to settle tra
affairs butwien the late Aimee Sing, Rajah of Ta joee, and hot
numerons India, and European creditors. It was proposed thatshe
Commissioners should have an additional allowdoce of :MK pea
annum, together with the 1,409/. already allowed them s} Contorts.
sinners of the Carnatie, to continue plong as those Cornoliations •
existed and were necessary.
The motion being put,
Mr. C [AWE° go asked if the claims of all, the creditars hed t sea
submitmd to the commission, for he knew many which were befcht
this Court since HWI. He spokes' a plain men, and he s oald 'ay
that the Commissioners acting under this deed could not fiti "14eit
duty. Tnis deed 11:1.4 unlike the Carmine dell, because tsthie the
strictness of proof was not so much required an to the ease at
Amer Singh. (treat talk:Witte* were titrown upon the aeditwa
by the pro;toaed deed, because the term ••• illegally^ -we, Alitto/
duced, whin was not in the Carnatic deed, toe term there beteg
"gratuitously." Now, by an Act of Goo. 114. if aly usury attachett
to the transactiong with Atm* 'Singh, the Commissioners would
decide against the creditors, though in the ease of the Cantu,:
Cmointiwituneni there was no much obligation in tlism. It was to
torious that a higher rate of interest woo demanded and received
from the native Prince. than was or could. be now allowed but if
that higher rate of interest were now made a ground of Opposiiion
io the demand of the creditors of Ameer Singh, it would he union
for them to proved, or to appeir before the Commissioners. Re-
s.des, here the I4ottunissioners could only ricaive proof if etred
but there was nothing in the deed by which they could Call fps'
in fad, they were bound to receive what the East India Ciunspong
thought proper to lay before them, and that of which perhaps the
creditors knew nothing. On public grounds he made than Abut-
rations, but be really thought it too much to apply for an Act of
Parliament sanctioning thg-Tanjore deed, which he honestly con-
sidered to be merely a mockery of justice.
The CH4II)IAN said, in reply to those obtervations, that titg
worthy Proprietor could• withhold his signature (o the deed, if be
thought proper; bur it should not be forgotten that creditors who
Milted to an t had a right to cad for it, without any
prejudice to those wfto did not. He sitgno heceasity.for an exact
similitude between the Carnatic end Tanjore deeds, inasmuch as
the circumstances calling for 'them were diderent. The 'Mile
wree, however, would be given under this deed r,I tinder that of
the Ceramic. The Commissioners would be sworn to do Nadal
they would be supplied with every inforMation and they's,. to
ranee the best evidence that could be adduced, be that of Whatever
nature it might ; end no doubt the Commissionerswould decide at
honest men. The observations of the Hon. Proprietor only appear/
ing to him (the Chairman) to be his (Mr. Crawford'sj reasons foe
nut signing the deed, be did not (ea it hie duty to inane any feather
observations.
Mr. bowlines observed,. that he came here expressly to 'ask
when the Carnatie Connuisaton would have an sad ? le fact, it ap..
peered as if they were running., race in 1110111111 PO in India with the
prote_dings in Chaidety In this country, where a manzr„„
deed before he could bare justice done hon. He rernent 'than
King Richard the Third had a crown forced Upois him, 110 to it
appeared that this Court was forcing a near salary on the Carnatic
Commissioners whether they would retelie it or not, It really was
too bad to give these Conomisgioners such a sum as 1,3001. a year.
They (the Proprietors) were in fact pitying doubly ; they *ere pay,
ing in England and in Itidip too. He was much obliged to the
Court for the was in which they heard him to-day, pad fortunately
for him his third vote had grown up in the comae of this-month.
Hut he would speak his mad and say, that the more the Commis.
stoners were paid the less they would do. It reminded him of g
story once told him la a friend as to the education of his children
, •
on which °MIAMI his relative remarked, that the snorestalt-aliowed
for their eductition, In that proportign would their education be
neglected. Why, he asked, did the Carnatie debt lasUfor thou 33
years? He answered,- because they had Commissioners well pond
to continue and protract it.
31r. RIGBY said It was incumbent on the court tp sge enat all
their affairs were mei/ on Upon the strict principle of jatize.
Ile had heard with pain some of the observations of the floe:
Proprietor (Mr. Crawford), particularly when he said that the
aWitors of Ammer Singh would, under the proposed regulations,
"be sent to the *al" He thought that all • illegal' -demands
should be rejected, and he knew not why the insertion of such a
term in the deed could be objected to. All Mega' demands—all
denia ids tainted with usury, should he at once rejected by the
Commisstoners, as honest and honourable men. lie thought it.
prop r t at this measure sluiuld go before Parliament tin the fairest
principles, in order to secure the sanction of the Legislisture td
what th I requested at their hands. With respect to the proposed
increase of salary to the Commissioners, he sliotild, before agree-
ing to it, wish -to ask, If the business of the l emote Comm%
stoners was not:considerably diminished Ile alt ,o 1 thin the more,
as he a/ ally, wished to have public *errant, paid in proportion to
their lab mt. rt. the Carnage Commesioners had still to .muen
busi: csa to do as to justify the cooti•oience of a salary or.l,3Nie.
per annum, he should not object to it; but really oar ca del not
help la:undies, chit • credttoni should' have bent for thirty.tivs
yenta kept nun of their fair told just demands. Ile had r.sd of one
MOMS 1 Emperor who restricten the dunition of law-suits to one
year, and it would be happy if a sundae law could b. puireily
in-
tratuetd in our times. Au answer to the quo-tion he had jtss
askv4, wuuW govern his deciiion as to the vote ;imposed Irutm art
Chair.

31r. T RANT supported the rnotiqn.
31r. Low Nina athod the number of creakws anil the 111710iV1
of Mtn claims upon *se Rajah of Tanjore%
The Cum a staw replied, that the Loropesn creditprs were 38 in
number, and the Indian A 4: the rum which might be Llai.tlxl was
under nee million, including 3;0,u041. due zo Euroorana with
interest. With to the Mealier of hours or days during
which the l'o mmtasislrQa might be engaged, he could net pay, only
this, that they made an annual report, and teat they t‘aluald Cho
claims on the Carcatic from twenty-nine millions sterling to ten

Jr. honor:err—Good Clod! let it not be told in Crath, or pub_
fished in the etre:ta of Aakeloil !. The Commissioners he would
now beg leave to thank for what they had dune.
The CIIAIRM•N wag glad that this togy was made to tt:e
CoMmissioners. re could assure the rt, that the proposed
sheasnre was introduced at the solicit** of the aidibell. The
matter MOS well and equitably emSiderid by the executive pert of
their body, and no doubt an illegal claim should not be admitted,
lie was glad to say that the rXmatli Commission would NOD
CFAS?, and that the Commission fur Tanjore would not o.cupy any
tonsider.ble tin.e. _ _ .

M r. Low It nes proposed that the Canta:ic l'om;oiecioners should
be also the Comniftwoners for Tanjore.
The ruts was then carried unaninsously.

MARQUIS HASTINGS.
The CHAIRSIAN begged leave to f4y that the Sakarite would
only commence (rein the pasting of the Act. Ile iilso hogged leave,
in compliance with the rote of the Court of 3d March last, illus.
trative of the arintinistration of Lord Hastings. to ear, that the
papers would be soon' ready for their per.sd. The pauers were
very numerous, and covered a space of nearly ten years, including
the Stroll and 31ahritta war, the prtieceoiogs of the Court of
DirectoM ft-Loire to Lord Hastings in the ftuly part of this year,
some pecuniary transactions transactio in which his Lordship was engaged'
with Messrs. Palmer. and also with the Nizant of Ilyrdentbad 'e
delay had taken place; and he was bound to say, rho'the mounts
would extend to two thousand mgrs. Under so..'. Circumstances,
he could not say at what particular time the whole of these papers
would be ready for delivery. Ire had onetnote subject to state—
it. was this, that a Proprietor of the Conn ()Ir. Tagg..rt) was ir-
dicted for a fraud, in procuring the apyointrnent of a Mr. Ret•ret,,
who was now in the lion. Compans'a service. At the trial who h
reren-ly took place in the Court of Rirg's IL•neb. Mr. Taggart w; s
; but a person of the 'mine of Pascombe, his sicwaftt,
au convicted. I ,nder such ci eunmancte, a high!), respectable
Director (Mr. ilebb) wished her inquiry. The Directors. as a
body, had caused a report to be nook on this subject, which ha I
principally for Its object to exonerate Mr. Bennett iiollll the pe-al..
ties usually attendant upon obtaining appointments in an amproper
manner; and embracing other matters which would be laid before
the Court at the proper time.
Mr. PATTEISON wished it not to go forth that the Report was
unanimously agreed to. Ile objected to it, that Any imp utatios
was east uwt an individual who w.r, tem:lV:. any improper. act • but
he particly objected that their standing orders wen its auto
manner dispensed with.—Tbe Court tit.:4 adjounicd.

. NEW THEATRE ROYAL, DRURY-LANE.
This Eveshig, THURSDAY. May 27. will be performed
SPEED THE PIA/Viili.
Sir Abel Handy. Mr. Menden ; Bob Handy, Mr. Kinston i Fenner
Ashtleid, Mr Dowtun ; Mir Blandfurd, Mho S. Ihmth.
After which, DEAF AS A POST.
Tristram sappy, Mr. Lipton.
After which, KILLING Pl 4) DIURDEIL
nUlkill. Mr. Harley 1 Apollo Melt* Mr. wean.

THEATRE ROYAL. eiiiEivT-GARDEN.
ch.• Evening, THURSDAY. May 17. will be parairmerd
Co 1111. ES THE SECOND g or. THE MERRY MONARCH.
K Carley the Second, Mr. C. Kemblei Lord Kurbeeter. Mr. Ames;
Captain Copp, Mr. **sweep t Mary. Mb, N. Troia
After which. THE IRISH TUTOR.
T., conclude with, 'THE MILLER AND lIIS MEN.
Tn.morrow, Vartumes Frulieks, and Clarl.

THEATRE ROYAL, ENGLISH OPERA-HOUSE.
MR. MATHEWS AT HOME!
This ►:vening. THURSDAY, May 117.
With hk ANNUAL LECTURE on PECULIARITIES. ciminucrEn.
and MANNERS
Founded on oleerratione and Adventures during his late
TRIP TO AMERICA.
In Three Parts.
P tar !IT.—A Monopolylogne. called ALL WELL AT NATCHITOCHES.
All the Characters of the EveningeEntertaineneut to be represented
by Mr. MATHEWS.
D.anrs to be opened at Seven- Performance begins at Eight &Clock.
d nres to be taken of Mr. Stevenson, at the Ma °thee. Strand En-
trance. Irani Ten till Fire.
