intelligeate that ill 0n"9".... . presentations of Baron tie Slrogonuff in favour of
, of the carbieseets with Vilesoeo PO!'
the persons who m composed his em at the Sub,
giment of cavalry, the latter bus pot in march a i lime Porte. They have all received honorary di,..
lbseeßnEtis.
obliged
column composed of u regiinent of infantry, 200 , tractions, promotion, and pecuniary iudemeifics.
cavalry, and two pieces of artillery. to observe
foreigner
of rank DhEas
C
lion for the loss of their places. . .
city of Cordova, where General Dania commends ;
It is said that • FRANKFORT,
this column is commanded by the Brigadier Zaldis
var, a distinguished
.patriot, that is, a Jacobin• to quit Vienna in twenty-four hours.
At Seville, the last orders sent by Ministers have necetteta 1/.
It is
said that the Deputies of the seven Powers
been burned by the hands of the executioner.
of Germany, who have sent Plenipotentiaries to the
The rebel Escoredm the Political Chief. in the.
name of the people, was expected on the Pith, and Central Commission of Mayenee. hare written to
triumphal honours were in preparation for him.
their respective Courts—those of Austria, pruseir,
[Fro. the Afeettettra
Bavaria, Hanover, Baden, Hers' Darmstadt, anti
Extract from a private letter, dated Madrid, 11111 . Nassau, to demand the dissolutiou of their cam.
December : tuissiun. , , .
•IX-LA-CtiArst:LE. DECEMBER IS.
" The most sinister events succeed each other
A report is circulated here. that each of the Mi-
with a rapidity which does not astonish those
rosters of the Great, Powers at Madrid have ad-
acquainted with the progress of a Revolution,
dressed a note to the Spanish Govetnatint, of the
People of experience, on learning the revolt at
highest importance.
Cubs were prepared for that which has taken place • . . .. . ,
FRONTIERS OF MOLDAVIA. NOVEMBER 26.
at Seville and in Gallicia. We expect every day The excesses of the Janiesaries are continually
disastrous news from Pampeluna and Saragossa. occurring in Moldavia. and particilierly'.at harp
That from Barcelona is pitiable. The return of•
They entered, some days age, imp the hien of
the King from the Escurial to Madrid is like tt, I Mr. Kerr, Vice-Consul of Prussia, and entirely
that of the unfortunate Louis XVI. from Versailles i stripped it. .
to Paris ; the assisination of a life-guardsman According to news from the Banks of the
in the streets of Madrid, and under the eyes of the Turks have assembled 20,000 men at Derail.
ii FERDIN•ND; the noble Answer of his MAJESTY to and 40,000 at Silistris. IsChapa-*Agin is to coats
the insolent and cowardly proposals made to him ; mind these troops. .
the fete of the QUEEN, at which she was unable to
sewed, in consequence of a malady closed by
the lively anxiety end too just fears by which she is i I
overwhelmed ; all this mixture of nobleness and .1
misfortune bus made a most profoond and melons d
choly impression upon all true Spaniards. li
" The project of Address of the Committee upon i
the events at Cadiz, satisfies no one. Some are in e
'a rage that it did not dare to blame the conduct of .1
the lovers of sfsteve—others have no hope that the 2
mere censursspf au *risibly of little consideration,
and whose Ora will expire in a few days, would 3
Ate sufficient press a revolt its force of arms. f
" It is also a'issibject of surprise that the Committee r
bas not noticed, in the slightest manner, the revolts i
•at Corunna and Barcelona, which are known at si
.440drid. From the
.knowledge acquired of the
oadmice made by the provinces. there is no doubt is
lhe majority of' the next.: Coates will be com-
posed of vialaat , revolutiotiists. We experience
the most Niel? apprehensions. The populace
are in agitation,. and the Magistrates. are enable
,to enforce obedience of the laws. We have, how-
ever, the satisfaction to think that his Majesty is
surrounded by some devoted seivapts, end that the
new palace which he inhabits is easily defended.
This Palace is situate at the extremity of the city,
upon a height, the back of which is nearly perpen-
dicular. It eau only be
approached on the city side '
and by two gates. The walls are 14 feet thick, sod 4
.of hewa stone, and the gates are chiefly of brass.
These precautions againvt fire in the .bpii4i.vg '4
1 the new Palace, after the burnhliffsibeeteld one,
are not useless. limier the Pelsce'ikaavies end 1
subterruneous passages, on a level wills the
. Manssnares, and have several tiftenioge into. time
country. Irby 'liiincipal one ionibeei.sehich leads
to the bridge unite Case del 01ild1'lol.' i 4eyal re-
sidence; separated from the cite 4 by the river.—
The woods of the Cass del Campo juin to the
royal forest del Peed°, which extends to the foot
of the Guadarransa Mountaitia, where, during the
war of the invasion our Guerefles found sure retreats
never discortititi";!, ~i.:l ..,: ! 1
.. • u.; „ I quasßußuil?'weralol
The Gneite wits beers the arm Op .
contains the following fogs : 1
.
'' ;" 'Ai snisties the Turkisb,•Bgsleies. eiedtA I geffiie
squadrons were united, the Capita's-Bey caused all
the Greek mariners, who had faithfully served until
this day. to be put to death.
" The Oilmen fleet, whiaissia to effect a military'
disembarkation in the Mosiekklute a corps of 7 or,
8,000 men on board. But these troops are ill-armed.
without firmness, and even without any kind of en-
thusiasm. A small number of Greeks will suffice
to repulse them vigorously.
" The brave Odysseus is in Thessely—all Mace-
donia is in the power of the Greeks, who follow up
. and exterminate the detached corps whiCh time Turks
have there.
" The battle which has recently taken place near
Salonichi has beets fatal to the Turks.. After a
total defeat, when the wreck of their army entered
the town, these barbarians massacred a great number
of Christians.
" The English Government continues in the
loins!' Isles to show itself extremely rigorous towards
every thing Grecian. They have caused the Arch-
bishop Maiming, who is exceedingly devoted to the
cause of his countrymen, to be arrested its the island
of Cephalonia."
They write from the Vistula under the date of
the let December—
" It is said that the Russian army assembled on
the Prutli. amounts to 180,000 men, and that fresh
troops arrive daily. It is said that they will strike
a grand blow.
" It is remarked that the banished Reis Effendi
was a great partisan of the English', and that sill
the others will experience the same fate."
FITRRIIBURCIS, NOTRISBER 29.
A report is spread here that a considerable ulnas
ber of our troops will be ordered to Aiiistic Turkey,
to act in concert with the Persson% . •
The Emperor has graciously received the re.

t renewable f

MADRID, DECEMBER 10.

The garrison of Pampeluna continues shut Op
in the fortress. Several paiilians of the throne,
belonging to the local militia, have It;ft theloirn
and joined their Royalist biethr'en at Sanguisa,
Ulite, and Taffala, and have demolished the pillar
of the Constitution in various communes amidst
shouts of s Religion and ourliing for ever ! Down
with the Jacobin, r— Gaze Beide france.j

EXTRACT OF • PRIVATE LETTER, DATED AS
ABOVE.
By the advice of his Council, the King and
Royal Family will this day gO to the Pewit', a
Royal residence two leagues distant from Madrid.
All rational people approve of this piecautioo.—
(Jour:eel des Debase.)

b. Sic—Holiday at Ike Bask, 10444, Lam htia
tad South Sea Howl.
•

CONDON,

—.ASSN. 26,
—..----
The Paris Papers of Friday and Salidrisy
Which have arrived at our Office, coritain ono \
interesting news concerning the affairs` of trill,.
We know not whether we 'horrid be perfectly: Jo.
tilled is acceding to the notion esprei;lea.bistons
tie the Paris Papers, that a civil warjiair iiCtiislly
4corrose need in Spain; but there is 'talkiest es.-
dence that a serious, though perhaps an itecidentil
rencontre 1111$ occurred near Cordova, between two
regiments of afferent ;artier, in which
girllly msitstained.,aripalitical opinions
istems, and that some lives Were lost,
Papers seem to chuckle at this uohiti
pence, as if it were their desire or t
readers that Spain should undergo such k
as those which sit recently saffesed.
pashably hold{,' his subject until
1e
toAttse which.,
~t been evinced by
asmisteri.il writirg: q our own country,
triw nothing atirs so abhorrent as. '
A .
.af A people seeking to fling off the
+very, and to enlarge the sources of
.464
ual happiness by correcting the

v

WEDNESDAY.

its Government.
To persons impressed with such feelings,
war in Spain, accompanied by the desolation
One country, would be highly acceptable ;
sincerely trust that io the preseut
hopes will be disappointed. The occurrence
C.ordovs, if truly stated, pretents no
circumstances au very distressing eltan
readers are aware that Gen. Merasit(
• was lately appointed by the Kivm or
Chief of the province of Andalusia, had
admittance into the town of Seville,
in cossequence of this refusal, had
dove, where he found • more

more loyal reception. The iuditnii
the royal authority at Seville, in
this General, was one of the complaints
made to the Cortes by the KING ;
of the Committee of the Cortes, to
JzsTT's message was referret4 full
KING'S prerogative, and strongly
illegal mud unconstitutional conduct
!Albans. This report is said to have
very favourably in many parts of-
of Andalusia, confirming the unstead:
duty, and drawing back many who
misled, so that General Motuo DAt
ed warm hopes of inducing the people
recognise his authority. His effurts to k
fie arrangement unfortunately failed.
then applied himself to assert
.hir
force of arms. He in consequence
regiment of carbinerrs from
occupy some important pass in
of the town. General Vetasco, wlio
the mutineers at Seville, had dispatched

•

of c
met

tam
lives

were
pari
eten

T
DIN

cent
writ
Mi
.►lur

NCI
Pal

the
nec
the
•re

the
Kt

froi
WI

in
be

circ
me

4io
the

are

hit
the

am

air
th

cif
rei

t
....

1 al
riki
as
des

rsim
vill
di

il_ . _ _ ..
•-'- * ' •
THE BRITISH PRESS. ci.i
I
ties
- nisl
; .. /..
- '''."4 ,LONDON, the
tax
WEDNESDAY. Daemons 96. 'OIL out
—,..—__. cre
The Paris Papers of Friday and
1,2.-. du •7 hoe, . the
which have arrived at our Office, coritain atm vety be
interesting news concerning the aff‘nri` of Spiel. last
We know not whether we shoold be perfectly: Jo. the
tified in acceding to the notion expreiSei. biome • - six.
of the Paris PA pen, that a civil warjiairaCtiiallv ,
be
commenced in Spain; but there is endleiens ti.- J. • a 1
dence that a serious, though perhaps an itadinhil
..1,.
rencontre 111111 occurred near Cordova, between two h
1 regiments of 'Littlest 'artier, in which they sew- i .te I%
rally moitstainallhelripoliticsl opinions by Gamest Ifs
arms. and that some lives were lost. Ti, Pm t F...,4.2,1iir
Papers seem to chuckle at this ui&ippy'...oCear- •'' 2141/4
fence, as if it were their desire or that of. that
readers that Spain should undergo siteli4seitias
as those which - sia recently seamed, They
peobably holtfsela his subject sent Sepia'
been
1..,.0n, . • iiii
th
iii
, • ol.eimi
- •ania
teOlsise which been evineed.4sq, wipe of the i ...ell ig
, .•...n..t,
mittisteriat wrslog: q our own coluetryt to who.* Juegbiaq
..di m•. 11,
view nothing milieters so abhorrent as- the .proapect
i . tt -,.....24
af a people seeking to fling off the bonito of :s ,16,3/na,
vi slavery, and to enlarge the sources of national sat ~4; 14:
e.:%••
JastAirjaual happiness by correcting the choseter eel
....t.; '4ll • Ame
its Government. .
•To persons impressed with such feelings, $ cirri: ..,q .I VI
war in Spain, accompanied by the desolation of the ' lee titles
*IOUs N :1110
fine country, woold be highly acceptable; but we
sincerely trust that in the present instals* their am
• •
hopes will be disappointed. Than accaneisce . •
Cordova, if truly stated, presents no sterile aimst •• o hi
• .4 liiik
circumstances of a very distressing character. Ow
'eiders are aware that Gen. Mosses D/01Z, It" 11 Cr: tialil
• was lately appointed by the Ktwo :lathe Mditare -" '" 1111111
; a/Novi tgi
Chief of the province of Andalusia, had been Teem. sd ::ix lit
admittance into the town of Seville, and that le,
in consequence of this refusal, had gone to Cos de
dors, where he found a more hospital:lh .1 ..do I till
more loyal reception. The intligeity offered'' -_e
the royal authority at Seville, in the refusal •i -in
this General, was one of the complaints recaw e v 4 -iidoridi
made to the Cortes by the Klan ; and du rertei ,4i..t1" Hilits
of the Committee of the Cortes, to whom ha "1 ..4,ht„11l
JESTT's message was referred, fully wetted L"
stli
.‘l k.v ai
ICING'S prerogative, and strongly coodemned° kta.,,t ! •,-1
illegal and unconstitutional conduct of they r.,1.., m
villiana. This report is 'aid to have of • awl
very favourably in many parts of the peso' We
of Andalusia, confirming the uusteady in ri . ' -ael
I t '
duty, and drawing back many who hod
t 11.1
misled, so that General MORISO Daoll CO'' ~„( Le
0•1 • , ,
.1.1
••• 101
ed warm hopes of inducing the people of Se .
sa • ." li,
recognise his authority. His efforts to effects
fie arrangement unfortunately failed. gni 35,1 ; fro
then applied himself to assert
.his pone' fig
force of arms. He in consequence dire° •. „,q; ; 4.4' ,
. ii regiment of carbineers from Cordovi
L .-41111
•le
occupy some important pass in the 1 ft
of the town. General lie-Lassen, eh," Crow'' ta allige
• the mutineers at Seville, haddispatt heci 5 'el ~.iiki
e
