'

. . .
•i've • ' • Watt plewita Tett; • -0, is- • '
•444a,-,,,,,... , —.010.--,-- 1.
_. i.. 1 _
___ !A .4iftwo seik ,
• ithallelnil Cross • osomplaes smilliskil
9111.01111111101 mil be Ridgway t.... •••11"41.1 1"" .4"1".
"61Til
tenet
VlSrvek-eharades. ask thekelifirill.Pilla
tp•Oitsirly said so be iossuely kali • it',ii eisho
. • I rot redo sismakiesieti trek. where *mho
illese or mosso weeds shed shear Issovhst islbsorshe
ter oil smoked, tosiog their distrweliee listoriasee
Agog teat eseriieset or the sM Wldeta the, Ulises..
1:s Greve, llss *ever hems well Koverße4 : Sod fee
this 7poittfied smoistry hes bees /Mypity so
-fiseiorsear, she esse‘wi aech to sera o'mama,
woe' theispovaiacerso any thing Use Assort
'with* tore evinced bow • AO, this
i Thatedee recoiledlT stamp its rulers ieught
W1.61.4"..4
. --../ ss. •
—6* hkt aiiitisty ups, sad whist vast works were
,flotillmilseed by those assail istake of Greece I but the
.
amallisess jr them elate?, . this very ditties.. of
smakfroohtimal isis against the people, en
so eSmillasee of swore could compeoviste.
The eisiml4sl` elasessetee. 'mobster' by variety of
fre*Mulkstfos. *pi Op strooKly, d. fined provincial
ithepieso mud hieLangs, while it detroyfit nattossal
smars,lhos stirsisig the genius . and vviisr of the
Gresisn cheriscter against itself. Its those ages,
dist, Greece was unfortunate. Was she better in
asseAkiti serreetled ? Visited to one Kreat man-
ia?, seeder so taer° ri she west bare tern better.
lbw *or roe crone* : her as,fortuoe woe to f4ll • pt-
to
Ode, rrligingc_ fenaticises i Ike mild spirit of
grAsisrdhritity. tey clormast. stiJ, clothed in its stolen
Illeolir,, the demon of sidoterai.ce sallied forth to
destroy the Greek cod Rooms empires. The Em-
pew Johan, wing its the dictates of the religion
'Ess he monied. fora usonsent checked the trade
c .
ag mods's. of polemics : till after many
I of foamier. its all ..f VINCI' • had system of
'lnvent was a onspicsoos. the Greek empire
• fII is the fifteenth century, anti from that
" • the has iuffrred hem her Turkish conquer-
ilf the misery hutivin isatare can feel : mil Bow-
.,
hod indivisloolly she Malustrittan has taxied
slat/he ills of ghosts, stow the Greeks.
•'•11 Thus oppressed by she evil of petty dimes-
•ll/611 hs the first ages. ley those of religions
1 finis-
-IMS the prin. mud by the most cruel slavery
~
. . Issi, how. I sok. could she Greek character,
eft sli its eative.oteellroserer, be oilier than it is;

IV

I

.41111440 to sat, full of those faolts that a constant,
,and relsgmus persecution create, rendered
• -1
• t its proportion to the Deland energy a the
e.?
Let us see what men the three perioda pro-
•4llaesegl. /a the first, and Itapiriest, Greece, under
;Inn' disadvantages. gave us masters its the arts
lOW sehinces.
the second, however detestable the reli-
marvels mot however bad the grorral gar
• neither priests, nor toddlers, nor states-
* tet rlielinitish.r gainelwahlosol'griirast" eduerggrry aitu eetheuraag;
IVA •
of shove qualities; nuumherst of the saints
days were Greeks. and although the recti-
Illeitheir conduct may be argued, they were
•tilltirtiottathly men of commanding intellect.
'I The third period has given proof that the mo-
eactn. Gieek• ere. worthy deacon:tants of 1114.4 great
etteellyota.
:2'.101' The TWA itilay figs not, in four centuries,
teen able to eradicate Irmo Gieece. religion, pa-
trkoirtio. !commit. confute. or itioluitry ; and she
atill4naintains large tows of mollify yet mecum.
tilertd. At this moment she is full of men highly
.relldeteird, end a powerful and general thirst for
t•fgors44,o has filled the universities of Europe wills
Ott ek misdeeds, supported by the pinnate aid of
their conotrymen.
do not say that the Greeks :ire pre-eminently
iodustriolos, brace, learned. iisoriotic, or religious ;
but I do say. that, to possess these qualities at all,
-so' a atroog proof of their force of character, to
:those who %now what the Turkish sway Inn been,
stool that it still is, stilt regard to civilisation, 80
" Iris said that the Greeks lie, that they steal,
that they si•sacattiatt : be it so; but let it be stkeiri,
whet coo non' do that have no prate= lion against
et.rottivrons, who, at pleasure, take from them their
• 'erg, their eloldi en, their fortunes, and their
4.rea
" They will lie, whose destruction follows the
truth; they will steal, from shim all lee been
• they will aas.ssionie, who have 139 other
proyertirsis against mordettni. There was but one
reproach 'Timm the aerk• ' Why do you not
tire opoo your tyrants ?' noel this reproach they
rave wiped away. Let it strut be and. that a great
crople, struggling sword in hood for freedom, are
okbastti people ; say rather, that flame surroutoiing
'rations who withheld their aid. ere &loosed. But
it is a eseciicat beinieen the light of the itmeteenth
✓elituri, rod the remount of the daft( age,: at,d,
altlicui;ls the narrow polities of the day nosy leave
Greece stag ly to fight the battle of eivilisition, let
her be assured that aneceas eventually to certain,
• and (list •f lie glioy will he her
" Ilaviii cod. vectored to shear that the Greeks
are • auff.•mg. taut hot m contemptibly people. J
us tar as I am able. floe adulation they
we Ili at tits. moisesit. I.)ppreareil to the utmost
by harbanatia no thee um hand, enlightened on the
• they have risen in arms *gouts, their itiegoe
/stale masttts. Mit the Russia.' Emperor well
take imshemtiou of Constantinople, and make it the
capttel of hie empire, I think very 'imitable; be
has only to -cooseitt his owls will, for neither the
Turks. nor !lie Eniptish, can oppose any effectual
remstonce. The Turkish Goversiment. di. a. Pour.
pat.!, call it, is a phantom, that humbugs no
people iu Europe but the English. sod, but for
the coon/en:tic" given to it by England, meat
long since have vautsLed. VVlty Eitglrud tries to
hack up the. %petite, God only kliOttb: it may draw
iser into. war with Russia, but CUL tar of no use to
Cyr, nco ram .he s.aw brut tun use to it. But sup.
pettiest that die Emperor is resolved, like u good
Chtiatinn„ to mortify the flesh, Nod. conteuting
himself will, forts.:g the Turks to adhere to their
.oeititra atilt ilia+. lets his hundred thousand men
',At an their arms. along the ftoutier as tranquil
epectstore. whi4a Tarlitali and Grecian gladiators
11 gilt It cut 113 the arena; this Obit
tipirereigsik greater air less titan Mine to acts, what
. .
'remit

vast, - -
*lie/our paints of their nealmens, ond to maintaiti it
in the nine of their strength. Hue to 111/ INS is not dif-
ficult to sheer; it coosiuti in the forniat iiiii of a
civil and a military govetunieut f the Mot to draw
Girth 41111 reeulete the 'rooms of the eottutry,
the second so wield them.
" Greece, destitute of a constitution, of laws, of
an army. ie a ab to *heart on which the legislator,
the statesman. and the .oldite may write whatever
is good : *idiom cesium. or prejudices to over.
COMP. he twiny dive to her every !Mug that the ex-
perience of Europe and America has approved.
The future ruler of regenereted Greece follows •
•Torkish &show ; he tin& a people who Imam no.
VW% hut that courage and getrius which first mei-
lis.d Europe, mid who demand from hits these
laws that (lost ern.nai.d from their ancestors. From
Europe. which may be called • megtz•ne cosooi.
Noon., and from the isantortal Code Napoleon,
Greree may choose all that she requirra for
r.tobliishmritt of a new goveriatierit, in principles
and in detail."

THE KNIGHTSBRIDGE IcIOT.
The Report of the enintnittee for General Pu•-
poses, with Minnie. of Evidence relative to the dis-
turbance at Knightsbridge, on Sunda♦ the 26th
August. 1821, the day of the funeral of Francis nod
Hooey, the two men killed at the Queen's funeral,
has been printed.--Thia Report. which wee sub-
mitted to a Cognition Council of the city of Lon-
don. at Guildhall, on the 6.11 of Deetsuhre lost,
has been already laid helm, our rendre.. Ii states •
that the statement ai.d represent/thou made bt•
Alderman Waithonsio, in his letters to Emil
Bathurst. dated the 27th of August last, are in
siabsistwe fully borne oat by the evidence. —The
Minutes of the evidence upon which the Commit,ee
here formed th s conclitsion occupy upwards of
sissy litho page.. The follow;ng is •n ~tract :---
Mr..lwhas Teas was tailed to. and examined es (anew. :
Von have ausiething t• relate to the Committee relative
to what passed al the funeral of Homy ?—lf ems will allow
wit, 1 will stale it foto 'ay suit► taken that very night. 1
saw the pruer•sion pass the first time it went past the bar.
reeks. 1 saw 'bee that there were our u. two p. utile hissed.
Ststa svlwre you were at the time !-11 was in • public.
Yeas, directly opposite the chief gate of the barracks—l do
Del know the name of it—oo lite second fluty. 1 had •
room there with two or three friends, and could are dia.
tincity what passed bd.'s. I as. the proeraduo come
past, and one or two people attempted to hiss ; but oil the
impropriety beteg pointed eat to Illem by some of the
crowd, they ceased, mid the processors passed very qw.etly ;
at the same time I sew te u withers is the «owe many of the
barracks show their doubled :iris at the people, iu this eon-
nee (risicriihro if.)
As they were •going !—A• they wer► going, just as the
bears* passel by. I tei n w. at we Si, Ilantineesentb, mid its
woe as the foams' was user retested back to linightsloidge,
and was on horseback there from halfspaM awe o'clock till
shoot half-pa' stern. I found Alderman aad
true of his officer., before the publw•.houee in which 1
had been before g. 1 do not rerolleet the Dame 147
the louse, hot dimity before the ►arrack-Calms; at the roam
time a considerable number of soldiers were shooting as
the emote-surly by snit berme the h k cows. Whilst ere
were so slmohne, a polo, officer ran, farm the barracks t•
Sheriff %Thisbe/en, and stated to him !bat he had merited e
message from the eamossanditot officer, that be sod his $&.
riff might gu ■nd be damned, hr would not keep his
Men prisoners, and he conceived Mr. AIM noon Waithma•
to be the ioslieelor of the riot.
Do you know the name of that officer who gave the I•.
formation!-1 was told it was I.rei; but 1 du nos kilo. May
of the ADee►s by name. The wards were, Tell Mr. Waini-
man be and his Sheriff may eu mut be Glamord, my men
shall slay where they are; I will nut euuseut to hams the.
matte prOsooera of "
VIM lima belied 3,4 hemmed that •aawer even to Mr. fhe►iff
Weidman.
Was there any thing about the Sheriff being she lead.
gator ?—..1 'Wok that was said, but I see I have nut put that
down. Dinette' groups of people then kert winkle from
Hammersmith, with &thugs .troagly excited by *bat they
hail seen there.
The ono were standing oetside the barracks; bet yew dill
net say whether they resit to ur not ?—Tlat v dui sent go at
just then. to the best of my recollection. Shurjly afm•s
that Mr. Waitiman went up to the gate of 'be barracks; IkW
I saw Mr. Wailful:tate du, and h'• acid (I will tint say the
(quart word*, bet to 'hid effect). Thai as their c••wmaodtus
eifficer would and give thins ordeis to withdraw sntu the
b■/lacks, which be cosoceived to be utcrisary icr the pima.
ratios of the public pear.., he took spots himself to act as o bele
commending officer. and tistli red ahem in wore Iwo Hun*
bair•cb; St they did nut, he shou!d look upon then, a. ire.
spousible fur it:l the consequences which naught ensue from
their obstinacy and perversemess. The soldiers murmured'
at last, telnetasitly, and after considerable delay, did wit►.
draw within the entre, and slur gams were closed. Shortly
after this the natiurnisig coaches arrived (sum Hammer.
smith. followed by • couridersble number of people..
The soldiers, who bad gout, to their difermit wield/mai
lanelsrd at IlLem very loudly. and several of them shook
their fists at the parties surtemodiug the cinselses; the
populace 'hew called out " Piccadilly bothere esswarsily
cut•'hroals!" sod va►ious other appel:allsuP, sad board said
hooted very loudly. I staled in the nrperl. tli.t Ihry no
tunger twinned themselves to biasing t ad hooting, and that
has been Interpreted by 1.7111.-of sic politic prints that Cory

Did you see some of the unfair.* makiiir up towards the
Sheriff 'with Ib.rr drawn swards ?—lei; I expected every
every monde 1.. see him cut down. I staid Iwtore she bar-
rack* ridtog up sad down for • eoissidervtele time slier-
went,: I cons.'s nay the times time +hat I staid there;
but if any person Owner. to e.sletilate hue lung it will take
:
ho Ivol tio,colY from Knightsbridge to Waterloo-broke, that
will give the time ?amity. for 1 was en Wisie.loo.tirsdite
when the cluck struck eight, thereatr it was about half past
seven.
Did sots go aillo the Shetif?...../ust before him. 1 !bought
tbr eumittotion was n I over, or I shuidit leave Anoint,.
Whet induced you 1. Malik it was all 1./f. r?—Tic people
were retiring, and noi suaktag •-great Poise.
Aud had b.cia se for sonic !...Ir.s.
After the thing hod ended as you say, did the Sheriff O-
asis there any length of time?—He me just "bets
I was at flyde Path tunipike.
Did you see him after the affray had tattled persuading the
people to re.ire I—Rep. atedly: lie'eorft several times tote.irds
she turnpike, and each time a treat treed followed
OW then he returned with the Intention, as I conceive, to
draw mole, and every nate he sent • considerable number
west with him.
Did yon the last time see a great number go with him
A great somber; he roils quill-km.' than they could follow
after hr passed she teriapike.
Did it •prear In you every thing cm. quiet, and anthing
to be apprehen,led at ibis areastut t--It allogad to in,. so.
The Committee undristend you to say il.st you left before
the Sheriff ?—I think mat five minutes beats him, because
Le overtouk meal the ill. apike.
At the time the Shesi f left, the soldiers were iu the bar.
reeks 4—Y. s
Hod the Sheriff the insignia of his office shout him
think he had, as far as I recollect, I ilsiok he bail a (Lein
on. but I would soil swear positively.
Wete any of the officers wood his person?-0 yes, I saw
the °Meera with their staves.

Have yon any duubt at all Hai the soldiers mnat have
known Csai hr was She Sheriff'--1 have not the %light... 4
doubt, f.unt ha gulog up to Hata, cud apeakaug Si. Heat as
the Sheriff.
Particola►ly the rorrorA, of win m you 'puke ?—I have
no doobl he must have Imams, it ; 1141 corporal was at the
gale ■t the time the reprrmilun Ea. ward by due Sbetiff,
• that he wuul.l lake Stir cummaad of them."

Was the Sheriff's conduct in any wn) likely to incite the
people'.—Corlui«ly Lot.
Was it gisitr th. contrary?—Quite the twittery; he owed
terry mesa* is his pewee io kr to the peace.

titi 4iiioiiiAlhe -.1.41111:f 'MAWS. old" Yoe :ere 1.041.144;-.
the peek and metesreelosiAsim M Veep the peace. hlr. their eoadoet 7-bot tu thwillghsvoi degree.
Weathemos hod Addeo way tower& Hl* Mies* etesetweally tesliblisieroptelesst et tiklialie
,
preock. gohloynnaltiS:lhe. symptomos tbr I saw isogimeste that I ermagolassi
*twee. the pose* omitikoi had seined ahoold you have ilioasra dove if you had sees the/ie....Si
osstaidlcrobie strength; Moss* trove lbws bleb from the do nett boon that. • / 7 I
°lira.*** .94 by iht'l4Bolo glee" threw VAv. l. are any one acting as a magistrate?-1 did see '
drat. is wriald he alomest ire.. - 'A ray. I pave the mat- bat 110 nut think I tau* say sins of the Magotrotes of the:
term) stoves throws ft apestialemost by sae /any es the other. emeivreporm.
• Were emy of the *rem* whitlows iseite'der the skews 1'1.7; raw u protest Woe appeared *he soling as •
Woe Meows imst brieve Owe *Ga. Mr. Wootitsman, to lean!-N..
the ism No my meollitesiow, thee eeme hoehommil boil ipo q Yee were Awe wheel the Pftwrorios came away, add roe
how peas She (No goo of she hinoosoh, sawn at. stray say yes sate two tarldirrs in the tipper barracks shake their
which had enmeowedln his ono imo no thereto of the Ash; woe that observed by the pear,:le in general I-I do not
*flock Norm Hyde Park mode bias Wee his borne round bats" whether it "am. 1 mows, say that; 1 eanaat *Prat to
.and ride sty to it I have reollased maysolf to whoa I hue. ohm *Hive Pearl, shaervr.i•
rally saw mym. If. I lowa saw as shown, time ammo; ono. Did die bessiag take place immediately upon that?-No,
der,. jtetep over the wall in ow we toe that were mg of she it was het.".
pair, tad hexing with she „pia. As this sew ',pooped Do yea know she pollee agree who came in tie Illitemff
,sif Manes sem Anises) hem tier spire elliedrivra of with the alitsarialtel-.4 da ant know that I rhowld holm bon,
she
.1044414 nod nee, edemed ease foso. the „pie; in three were two or three came et the swage lane.
abed, was directly ensloo *ben. seal they wear flying, .. • hopposing the ',Seer was produced to you, should you he
boushmoss mid; in sue =saw, over asy hoed momoodens it); able to Weimar him !-I thank there were two Of three ceaseshepeopge appearedmeSe be doeiebs. keel' sheonsdsooo, st the same time awl were talking about it, bat I cahoot
.wlne hod era ewes old, tad thew thew comrades is the hoe. tell which gave the message.
,rosha owing the., firiesde &hew& he..d teeth none The soldier. Moved out to the return with sword* sad
with *words and warn with °whims, is assist theme. At esohlorsi was there mere than way end"' saw "'our
.about thin them Me Welshman bad mashed the very past three. I sheik them were mere than two or three, half •
sheer She „fray was Nue, paw; he wait abmt mewl, w dollen I dare my; Wet I saw soot of these use their earbioes
thirty faedes 1.001111 AV place where it took place whew I lbw eseePt that ore
sari him; he endeavoured to port the ciustoossis obis time Did you lintwiTe • in" k ihr"'"?-No, 1 did not.
igloos; at that red of the hierneka which so aonoono In i Did pr.• toe any military officer during the whole ruses
Hyde pro; art atarredisg imeaMak,i, ha I day l-. 1 saw one military officer, hat slims he hail soffits(
tweed back his hum, sad was Mews me the foolpeth to do wide the riot. I raw ao "Inter, *bas o I believe to *
14"14,40 Iseldiee gala of the boremelus, oat a obis+ Captain Remornir, tide from the barracks • little before the
Use meth wood mad moiresed, bepi goestoestly imetog. eins en•in'enen‘i he r.''‘. "instils tow" in PIM" e
•As be was grins sling hokum' annokspg limey sculling wish YOU sewtp.fifer **beer aririsg may part of I:thitlay?
the military; he immediately wagging shoe in &aim. soot Ryer pi that site 114114 the saute man that woe wills Mr. Waldo
contrived to separate a corporal or seejeast; by the by, I ins"-
*gist to base slated. that at the time Alderman Wsilbsiois Was the noise mod tussah which woe taking place oppo-
site lb. barrack., marrow. to have railed the attelloon
4.ve the order for the maw to retire, he' bad some evaraesa-
of
si„„ with ;be guerd,esi ..,„„0..d. ea, Akre, eau.; soy Whom, it theta were say willatis the barracks?-It
tell his rack, bat some owhaliers officer, sod tins otbalters might.
uffirer was with ibis party that I have just lesemberl sewers And you saw none aaw mow but shoat.
with the people. Moo th.it officer or pain cloth,. came oat, had be the
pse ranee of as officer from hoi rithugt-I perreivid so
You omen a nomemsmiestioned oriel/el-Tee ; he eon. (roe his mar of dr .4 hi..l pedrithee.
trim./ to separate ibis officer from the mantel in which be
HOW was be neeiteel he she ?—There was eerie
was engaged, dad desired hum to Mere to his quarters. all and he laughed at that awl torte ; was nut at
and to induce his esurpostarse to rehire. The ammer which all insteded is the smallest degree. I stoteld tbiuk that this
the man made I did rot liter g but I maw bias strike doves was a little after five
a.sr iaAhedq+l vela "7.4," • d drat *la" Ithetial,", *an. D.d tbe She. it's nee teem to recite tmoult, or
slipped a -4" at mans '"`"" did it mese then? It erased; sod if hr bad not been per-
usal attempted to persuade them to tetite. and wham he was i sent sod weed she reertioas he did, there most have byre •
duiag so, is young note to plaint-hither, whom I believe to be eery coomilembk few).
an officer, tame .p god attempted to put the Sheriff and Rather lbws excuse* il. it allayed II?-Certainly.
his horse off the foro.path; the corporal or nffieer immesh. You my roe ...re lbw, before the Alderman aird the pro-
atell sniarl Mr. Waitb"..... horse toe behile, and said ersaion came op?-lhefisee it came up bum lowa tie first
.ostethisg like ibis-. Dunn you, I will acme show you etre ; ~,„„, o•
way off the foolpiath." Thin nest Ming that, lobemossime, I
ciiill:aritcohousimmXtreffiff. aid to the soldiers ea far MI you ob-
cahoot tell hew it inpvard. was Dlr. Wastbumn and the
wswedi did it babe atoomliatiog or boodle' ?-.Con-
eaters in the middle of she street; by the by,
time Mr. Watilormu struck that man who bad hold tat the Did you bearwliu~
lthelefigoomosa said in the soldiers
bridle, on the bead with • stick. Ye,, I dal. I was is t AWN* of the attest at the time
AI that time were any *Wien gifing my to Mr. Weiihmas that Alderman Welshman rode up to rheas.
with drawn @wads there were a great many moldier* Hare the goodness 10 Mate thee precise words as nearly
about him ;as sows as he was in the rued two or three as yon can mciallect?-.Uf router is she hurry of 'eche mem,
~shed out of the ba rack gate, with drawn sewed*, and I we cnishoi perirmi to onto. to precise words; "As your
thought (very minute they would cut him (lore. commanding of will not give the thrownauds which a..
At what time was this ?-I should dunce. we it would be pear to me to be aeremary to premier the pohltc peace, I
ahoat sic o'clock, a little Wore she tins. that Mr Wa:th. a. 011' riff of the ennuir, iu wham lb. "Cities peace is bo-
ost' wan struggling with ilium men on the footpath. I saw trusted, take IPIPOS my,eW its act WO your cuatiasaaliiiit officer.
a soldier at the gate strike his co fridge box. take riiii a car- awl order you to mitre slits reauesciat within the hatracea;
[ridge. bite it, prime his pi.ire, put riorethine jute the piece, if out, I shalt look upon yate as responsible fur all the MINIM
sod I raw its arm ratted, from hhith I coureivad he was ilue"e's that may from yore obstinacy aud persons.
ramming it down. hat somebody intervened, and I cannot ar"."
'MU whether he rammed it down Of Wog. Did the aoldien obey those orders !..-They west is idlihs
In your judgment yon saw him prime and load?-In my wee delay.
judgennit I saw bun load his piece-1 saw Wm take hie car. Had you beard the Sheriff criteria them to retire die
used expeemiwis I-I b.,11 out.
tridee-I saw him bite It-I saw him if flp the tiaurh.
Du you think you would be able to recognise the indivi-
tiale-; saw hint put be lock-I saw him put some I. Id soldier who presented the carbines... 4 am afraid OOP
thing into the top of Isis carrel, and sumo hudy came be. 'a. o • JP • •
having only ores him Ina great eirostome, sad it being two
leatil us, sod I sew his anal sip.
some time store ,
Is tousroileoee of .11.1 you 84+,4 you believe be primed Wa. be in full regimentals or is lit g estlress Mirk
Sod loaded hate out the least doubt of it i• my own lbs. he was out Hs worms re roonly, hot Ido not think be
mind ;at the airy time that thin men were suatiing at Mr. wan in full arose; he hail clot his stable dream us, bat I
Wisithossii in the middle of the street. 1 saw this man with [Wok he bad a asp oat sod uot a helmet, and not a bat.
acerbate tin his shoulder, and moving it •Irout ea if ill get •o Did be appear to be standing sentry!-He was at the
aim at Mr. Wanton...l, and I conceive (this lame.y matter of gate, but I Murk he was nut • sentry.
' opinion \--hut my °pilaw' was, that if he mold have fired at Did yes Pre a nom come up to the Sheriff with his fare
Waithinan oithuot bitting one ..f his comrades, he covered with ',hod I sawn soldier dressed in blue, whom
would have fired. face was covered with blood,
Moving it about in the dieresioh a tie Sheriff?-"Yes.
I leg leave to state, that titer that was corer, • gentlemen
Will you weir which shirula. r I-The right shoulder.
that bad been riding with the Wiring the slay, of the name of
its it.. art of pers. Wing it I-Ye.; he tutored it about as
Dr. kiloliter, who is reporter to the Novotny, Pert, went and
if Is obtain • sight. I judge, to fire a•.
A. if lie Win hiking aim ?...-Cestainly. dined with myself and three usher gentlemio at the Tutted
Head Cidl'm .bosse, and in our presence he (Ireland that the
The Committee sindorsimil the Sheriff's horse wee very
lust of the militaiy was moat oticmperrite and •1010,
restlesa, soul was moving about in all clartetions ?...-Yes; I
and he had • . .
Waal' fern any thiog sat amonetio in has •
then sew the carbine (.11.
not only myself, but Mr. Row Woody, M. Jame. Womb,
Fall hpoit the ground ?-1 raw It drop dews, I do net
know what becalm of it. red
111 r. Narrow, heard horn soy it is the 'Fork's Head
Coffee.houre, on Sunday ought, laud his expressiou wish se.
Do you mean oat of the *Wilier 's hands?-1 saw it drop, gad to atones thauwieg was, that awl weal veer his head
Ido oat know whether it fell to the ground or nut. I was ',am, In this summer (cuenbing rr.)
told •fterwards; hot I keep oat of torrid. ration what I rims
told. and wily state what I new. I do nut home what canoed
it to conic (loots. I sew it drop. This struggle contimied
• few mottoes afterward*, and thus it appeared to me to
eras almost by magic; for the men were *alien the wall.
I do not kuow bow.

111111iTIIVOA OF eltholToloi AT TAT COVET
uP coNiujsioNEsiS OF DANKIWPTX,
TO 7401t10W.

•. N.
1. I.npagit. Cleiriruea-lane, dry.sal.er
W. Pace, late of I.tnu•-stiret, spiritmetrclasni S 12
Q. C.le, N....gate market, botcher
.1. Fpp.. Holborn, ham and 'Juia-no r. haat
.1. He.ils, late of R,,s, mery.lanr, cheeseaamixer 2 11
k. Needham, Stomp, ~,,, silversin.th • II
T. Oliver. Mary le.hose, victualler
T. Kay, Loodoo, rock er
R. Y. Birch, late or Hammersmith, medieittievesider 1 11
.1 .1 Caiitur, lair of Dt
street, pea and feather-manufacturer 1 10
A lKivallr, Covent-rar•ler, wine-merchant It
11. &Main, Warren'. Fiore. Hereford, Grower 11
B. Hoyle, Y oum.bury, taitur
J. Matber, Jewirr• ei, hunt
T. Ambrose, late of Waterlue-plnc., soulleu.draper 11
T. Kr. Bermondsey, ...land cul.oriosu
J. Mickle,T.,ll.-nham-eriars..mad, tailor .
C. Toilsome I, Cast 1e..0 met, Lek,. atm equare. plumber 11
J. Grurxr, late of Pu.k...trect, Hauuver.rquare,
11
W.Thosnas, late of 1-Ater lane, work•bus
lured lO

DIVIDENDS.
T. Goolaud, Great I.lnehc►tet curet, rserehant
G. Dwyer, Eschaut•e-at!ry and Grsy's lun.lenr, lirohte 12
T. Drenaanit, Bewail strei t, wai•birosi nun
It. Nimes. Ileighloo, plumber , 10
Hichull, Isle of hew, Hempstead, wise and broody
mei chart
J. Routh, Austin Fr:moo, sonehout
A. Keating, late of she Strand, silversmith ll
E. T. Palmer, B•dhnd, ("Pr
J. Nooili, Ciscaps!de, stationer
L Edwards, 111inuri•s. mast. r-raarin,r ll
T Hrlham, Isle of Stratford. merchant
N. Brooke, late of Ligroin's Icy-fields and Southamp-
ton-street, M.•ted, shoemaker
T. iirmpsier, carpstuter
D Campbell, Old Jewry, wierrhasst..

PRICE OF $T CI
Bank Stock emit
9 per Ct. HEIL ... 769
3 pt.r Ct. Con.. 701 731
3e per Cron 371
4 it. r Cent, 96lt
3 per Ct. N. Attu loBi

JI y ENTER DAY.
Brink 1.. Ann. Igi 7 In
India Stock i 341 2351
Ditto Ilmitfp.. 77 76 1,..
Ex. Bilis* 2.... i.ouut.
4 5 pr.
Ditto 5ma11..., ( 4 pr.
C0,..1 for Ace.— 731

. . • e.! • -
H lilt lONS.
• ; .11_4 ,
Our C. Vl7Cotnatebrid ea Ji.,td.I
before alye. y,pi Mad
of Moeistrattm, Men ittordeminbstr weer, Fart 8..;7.
I lie Laid Lle,Utt 1111111. Sir
George Gralsoafl, SirUlm/ Getra•
14 ',ford Jones 8er1e,...0 Peter, E.sri. :‘,l 1%.*
rcpt e, Eb 9, E. 13.,c1tticf,A.myp v. Uri GK.
After 0.434,the
'the .I.y wee devoted to Ilse consult. ration Of
.roeserl police of thelsolsostywit).l
the Cheirtlitio. the, Itec'Adtil Litt!, deli...F.4y
the Grand Jury a eiamiie,lo,p,se fi„el. neying
Gent Mimes of the firoad•Jors—lt Is with pPrtd i I' en,
MI that I observe she 'calendar romans, she misisal,
greater rowdier of priminenk.whem :eases .• ill . one. I.
fore you, than has before occurred sage I beeekypb
'armor so preside is this Choir. This mess he sitatlarefo,
grel to as, mud, if it is above our provisoes. Ms
the castle. It is nevertheless emir duly le do Olt (helot 04,
in our respective Mations, to check the program seeps*
the COlllllll/onono of crime. 1 cannot witicipair any slidimi
that you will meet wash in the discharge of year pile
duty. Bei if you slioold meet with Spy, 1 beg swig to rept
what I have always stated, the! this Court oill ha so,‘
grllltee to give you soy advice sassiatawer ii its
Graiteraeis, I feel it my duly Si. rinse tl.rs, end to aria, tilt
,M this Court atm (in soy ease rittbeillty) goo ray oils
y apply. I have been infurnied that, epos lift
.01104101116 the Groad Jury at Session; himeleo,j,,
.8 mow Ito • olikkoke M their elesk, who has bit M
mat 11.44146,61461 of their eamatinatioo • r
▪ diellbeilliou epos evideoce ; aid eursietimm,
"416“4•40111.41/sevateel, has letemossed with ho
In either etre, this emold be highly improper. yo
know, .Geettemetes shot gnu have 1"`" a k•sy
she King's Coinage', the Prisoner*, and your owe. Mil h.
is this its be done if • prow booed by e• Dora a to lap,,
mot wish you? I sill pot add mere out lbw eubjem that t
observe, that however Worley 1 feta diestud to rerettt,
this conduct ea most erroneous sod improper, yet I by
means iatrud so impale as iespniper motive lo say
lye she present uceamos I feel very great 11411.64541,6 IM SO,
ing an highly respectable and tutelligent a Jory. slur erol
entertain the smallest doubt of tie ability wish 'skid
will discharge she import's' duties coofuled so yea, th
Imre heard read, fjeuthre.n,lbe e's Proriam atom
puoirliment of vice mid immorality, sod fir the helot*
servanre i•f the Imnre Day. Allow me then to sumo*
you one means of promoting tbe latter object, its. by eiym
your workmrst and labourers attic meekly earwig:a al me
other tumid than nu the Saturday reeding : for if it beam
its That time, it a• too probable that the monism M deb*
h.ttli will lie employed ill memorise lie Defilnienriri.o, oh,
bole enior..rls they can olisais,„for list following wed. .44
Ibis will be Ike seal ceear, to Ike pretender, carom, heal.
neglect of those dirtiee, which, Me Ithed OUhierti, wed to mil
Christians, they oaths to perfects. If I may mature tenon
upon this )abject from the experieuct of some 'ramie
Fiiilay ',mug of mime other time will he (aid
convenient to the employer sod give So she ovarian 6
double advantage of tripe:dim; et the hem mmiet it
Mender emblems of the week, Slid of divans% she
day to Its only proper and lawful of have, Crash
nice, had two before to speak epos the Silk' I
comity bridges: allow we to suggest, before you We pa.
' Viitiornt of any bridge, that you inspire whether oppy.
Cilium has beets made to the kingistrofti a espeeielly appinew
to the esperiniesoteme el bridge* tor the husoked,aed
thee she aeres-ory repair emceed, their power or ha
'moped their attention. If the repair has twee neglected is
'them obeli keeme, a circumstance which I ran scarcity ear.
pose, or if the meet of repair exceeds their abilsrp,ibi,
mid thee poly, in my opium's, it is your bowsaw dry
to in ike pent ntesent of a bridge. It le satisfactory le le
to any this se our Ceilifil gaol aud boom of comm... uso.
f real Impesoreesset has be. a made is the habits 4 flea pr.
sorters, by she slums of emplaryntent mid MM. sedoen
Seielly introduced; and at the UM, Mile is islow weeleet
ail aids pecuniary advantage to the county. A Malmo
of the expense, aid profits arising from she bilanwilga
primmer% within the lad twelve mouths, is *keeled Mk
published, and I bare so doubt is will preveaalriferley.
I um glad, Gentlemen, to hare it in my power so &Nook
the et deetion of one-itruith of she woolly rale, winch aim
rueneed as the last Seaton, will be mutineer! at the preset.
Sod Ime nu reason to ihkrk that sects reduction will sob
peronmeet ; es ilie mousey, I 'hark shot it may iv tiw.
notwithstanding some pretreat ditficulties, be cuifflietnie
inc. eased, and melt • circissostaure would be truly erstifpg
to the Magistrates; bet buwertr this may be, the pica:
estriarg iii the evenly, as eoespared with the averaged's;
piecediorg yours, is about '2,0001. per animas, and I *Melt
add, that as so higher rale is wilier'd upstroke comity tie
Is absolutely atcesaary, it must be punctually purls*
time directed. C. ntlemtii, 1 ant cournmed that pia ail
rereive wish candour these obit rvatioua, mud will my seri
to rhea as they may appear to deserve. I will wt
looser detain you from eke discharge of your ease me
dime aud highly important duties.
Thrre are tarreinl app. Isla and thirty Prisms,
for trial, arid massy traversal; aud luvolabut Delitor,
0.. that it will probably be one of liar hrasi.sr sad
prriuips longest Scabious that has occurred for aut
ral years.

NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

-,..0~--

rusalmouvies. JANUARY Id
Arrived the Sappho, Lush. from eh, tare .1 Good Hato..
ailed t7th October, and from St Helena 1511. Si 'nob,
Sailed the Prinemas Mary, Clathaon, for t►e SuutlM'.
and Hataaway, Woodall, for Demerara.
1110LTHYAO, JANUARY 15
The Elisabeth, Graham, trim W.ticif.til fur Litetp.
with wheat. drove us shore last night in elm bat. aa4
bilged--about ureslitd at the cargo sal rd.
HARK tell, JANL RY IF
Sailed the Vausittart packet for Hull.nd, and
packet fur Cuxhaven—.-eseh with a mail.
, ammaar

The Aarl,l6l, Stewart, from A.uigoa f LuTaloa, ino
Pau Baud Ilule, has meal oil share fur as aac►or ■od

etteraoc, amittAftv 15
Arrived the Sculls, Rubislaus, Gots Priuee
I.leOJ, with los. of b"ste, bulls arks,&e. The P19470* ••-•-
fioort Quebec fur Ciple. *au lust uu Red Islam!.
•kst;Ael

PEAL, JA7VA%-• -
Sailed Me Amino', Roo, for Bomb oy, wnL I ••".-` "
1/1C nutOird.6ololll.

Atria,/ and sailrd fur tie Ri►rr the Dub !Vb.
M•Nieve, from Dublin; and Letitia Tei.saut, Mvutgw")•
from Belfast.
Caine down from the River and malted the /*shills.,
Cormack, for 1.81.2*10111; 1..tVi1114, SNIP. 4
Gibraltar and Lima; Minerva, Morley. for Sevr:Ve: Elea
fort, Sliolhill; Octoni, SPNeilage; Mary, Daerva ars
William Bryan, Dario, fur Jamaica, ands I iLv:a• T'
Grand igactseui ■ud the Riskin still remain.

DEATHS.
At I.is hems', it Py-pinee. thrblia, nc Satsm'sy
nata.d, seen 64) rah. the Ker. Jahr letithhics f: en.'"
,he hotratunt Fermi+ Chareh, and fur 40 years tursv
.Ite Pariah of SI. Nicholas Without.
On the Nib isomut. at Alhhosinier. neer Helef,“l, Vor
UM Gilbert. in the one Itundted and hr.-ROLA "
sae. He teal haIHIMA iu INgrinber Ill,?. 10 •pt•' ,!
the reai•ter of the shove ',aria. His von, up* ,rds
attended at hi* fanetal as ebtsf isms am

HIGH WATER THIS DAY AT I.O',NDOS ItY.tIW.E.
alorwiog bl .r 9. 1 Firculog 24 al.:rr

soap lane beet% onoihiellikall where the Torii, 'woo la
fpsday of his soloolkitompLemeht prerirsie ; sod Owe
Ramp bootopmelld iletesses film which um draw
inii Gesiatikafibir To.l. Awn sone.
• *lib. The sailleil, Or Tliebblilloyininarot has, la ali its
• 111Maliddis mita, heft Inaba by Cievelo, not 1.111 go as
' lr ritia see better Istariewit es all ..tills4il
.. . - litibe. we for e{vil sod. MairliNlS lisodoie
shear hapi • ; evitieptiow is tvet,ia it shay sift
Oeifrshil ibis Table have Ams Nioor to move;
'hits, iiii !he • regimes helwasing to their
• N ihib ilia tee lie &Ilse had I. Ms seess are
Ilbesed‘g *WI 4* ill arms Gobi.* Mai ; awl
OM. The a IS, haw Nang* sued snipe,
he; astlitwit sb, sit eillithei to the ••••••• of a.
way; it is • . Wiwi, as had, ohs% tbe last li
litiatwww Ilid his . wi.
.„s. Sosseowe diaelplise, sod
littradsee the the ilkilillatlta.
..
*I Agues. these " oitearget, way be placed
flue, so the silk of ks.
' " let. They tone as Istivesawst.
41 N They brill woo elf hi
• •N. The &Oen may blibb sWst etaniewil et tarroey 0
-he as wisely. •
" esh. We hen ise•ler oillider inlet soma, and swain
Xiiseetdee-
N A Wel igesinatee alit let of ear, end • ram-
piece want of discipline, a a ablewivaisiage common
to hoth Greek• owl Tea Itii,} ‘llO, Ow former have 0 he
'edetaloge of bring 'wane their ignor•nee, cull
eager so regard, the defect, The. feria% is ri ho-t
or 0014101 .w their ski. i'hee Wine pini,.te err in
favour or the Greek*. sad fie, iipsihit them. The
stetter then renolves itself tato Han: The Greek.
must hab.iur with tawny t• itial• hive aserodsocy iii
•

• . . .' • ee • " '
stem eel by • 11111 S.
• - • • • „ter'
; • --44*.-4S-1 •
• period I— •
Our COIS-_ Vr.'"coteSteboga 40%
a them before et vet y iiolllod tespertoikri, •
of lktegi•traten, Milherielyet ';ir'brtt weer, Fart )).•,.-..
.1 did Set* the Load Lieutenant. Sir ilotrgerlurel Iluek • k
rotes of the
George Cntlwafl, Sir JtilaJ Geerb• Col lesell, Si,
us moo,. Hirfnrd Jones Harts...lL !Price, &N.SI
r, E.g., E. 11.,clitip,,Emplitv. Ur, Gikt,
iy, sad von toil, &C. After gtOttg t4spil4so4,loe arrerel fomil
shake their
'tote Hay woes devoted Ito tier
coped.
o relent' Of N
?-1 do not 1.•
ot speak to •iictoi police of themoitstypoitia irtketiduy tu..tti
the Cheirmiiii, the, ♦Litt!, tlelit,r.w,
I bill?—Noel, the Grated Jury s elrelreil. t 1,4 ;he Fielboing riff
, •
•'Gem kisses of sloe 101rood•Jary—lt Is with mealier r,
real that 1 observe the -calendar rootlike, the mowed,
II". hi", greater saingeher of priamierhoirbeem .eaaee .• row L.
,old yogi fore yon, than has before wearied *Mae I hoe? 'MIN
ht boomer so preside i• lbw Thin mess be estlerid,,
three cause ref to era, mud, if it is above oar primitive Su MOO,
I I email ' the came, it is nevertheless oar duly la de Alt tholes as,
.; in our respective staiions, to cheek the progress swat pa*
sword. se" the eilliMailsolofi of crime. Iranian meticiPale any dill,"
saw twwur
that you will meet with its the discharge of your pees
• half • duty. Rat if you slesaild meet with spy, beg now to roes
rir carbines
what 1 have always Stated, (list this Court all ha so
tint. - statute to give yue soy &deice 'or ossnitswee in mph.,
Gentler/sea, 1 feel it my duty (urtale tlwr,•nil in veld, es
.hole 46r7F" Ito this Carat glom lay care elitheillty) rot ene ss,
outhimy ,ropreety apply. I have been iisfureited that, epee tan.
r
?hbefese to
Ibis be
ilesavAteak the angled Jury at Fiessimil bewelnyes,
ore
.5 proem N • elkiete a. Hole who be. hen pi.,
, seat dociestissudiele task of Ha esaminatioe • r
::11:•136.,1 dellbsiselos epos evidence ; sod surovare, ~,s,
mr• •
trinestiplimp,,mumsed, has imaereused will, Aw ses„
Ili either me, this would he highly sinproper. Yr
plod "Pl'°:
nterhon r:r. know, Gratings**. that yo, Wive la." 56 h,e)
the King's Coulter', the Prisobers, and your ow se ger
repeka?".'d is dos hi be done ifs pesos hound by we Dula is to lotp,
mot •iiit you? 1 will mot add more us this aulejeet than%
observe, that !weever woes!). 1
.feel bound to rem*"
bed be I"` due fisioltiel as loom etromous sod improper, yet Iby e
creeived so 1 means iatend to impale as improper Motive au ally pas
On the weep. ucemows 1 feel very great eatiefaclore stm
wail °erne tug an highly respectable and ititelligent a Jury. flue east
was nut at
entertain the amid/est doubt of the •hittsy with akiclp,
ik that this will discharge the importaat duties entitled In you, ill,
tumult. or lure heard frail, Gentlest •n, the Kin g's Pn claoasl,oaII&
pouisloneut of vice mid immorality. sod far the betters,
hen P"'
save bees • servaiire of the local's Day. Allow me then to otegree
you one memos of promoting the latter object, its. by iump
your ouskineu and labourers ark meekly earattiga at goo
sly.
other period Man an the Saturday reeding : for if it bed*
the pro-
at that time, it w too probable that the roorterog M the 54
a the first
heti. will he employed in mocurisig the Defessaries.os
little enosts,,fis they can olosittLfor fullowilig week. An
aa,laa„ab. Ibis will he Ike peal cseee, or Ilse pretended carom, fore,
neglect of 'tsetse duties, which, as good subjects, 584 •pil
soldiers )
Ch. lotions, they petits to perform. If I ins, greeter* tense
41 the dine upon this
.subiect from the exper----Muce of some yearly
Fiiilay everoug, or solar other lime will he Load rued,
convenieot the employer mid give to the woe kora tb
la!! de"', double advantage of rapes:ding et the hest Islam
ec."; "'NI.' slender emblems of the week, and Jimmie% the hoe
a whisk-''s
sto• leer day to its only proper and lawful of have, Gents
he ; nogg, had too before to speak epos the 'sigma d
Inen,"! ' comity bridges: allow me to suggest, before you ye.
peace is Viitsnritt of say bridge, that you Mersin wbrtbn syyt.
"I"6."'"er. ratio,. Lail beets made to the Ilingistret• • ellpatielly 'prolate
e, ••,..'!•••161 to the superintitiolviste at Widget' bar the tweaked, sadd
seeeil/nPn *her she iteres•mry repair records their power or be
id pensive.
minuted their attention. If the repair has beta neglected
Illseen *Yew known, a fiffaillsiatier which I tan scarcely sap
rot is
:u pos.. or if the morat of repair exceeds their ability,Ali,
2.2.
mid she. only, in my uptueuer. it as your bossing
4 40 dm
10 ni Are prenatment of a bridge. It Is satisfactory p
to Ray thus ie oaf eiefitily gaol aud bootie of eurrectios ass
fthe iftat•'"
nal ingprovemeot has bet a made in the habits of pi•
afraid oot sewers, by the strum of emplarygneut mod lebeleselem
being ' Setsuy introduced; and at the same time tt is aeve eseelm;
geteats pecuniary advantage to the county. A Olnlieleal
5,...,4 think
ant thilik be of the expenses sod profits arising from Moor eve
'
• pessemen, within the last twelve mouths, is *keeled tsb
ow, hat a bat. published, and 1 hare so ricrubt it will provost Infects*
"e I sew glad, Gentlemen, to have in my power to trefoil
pal at lb* a deletion of nne-wo•th of We mesa) rate, 'burl ime
second sit the last Serseems, will be continued at the preset;
ter hie fare sod see nu reason to think that sock reduction will meth
blue, whose perwaroest ;on the cookury, 1 thick that it may is life.
...withstanding some pewee( delficiartes, be coinieurei•
reellernan inc. eased, and meek • circumstance would be truly witiftm
hr name or to the Magistrates; but however this may be, the pro*
I, et lit and saving lu the county, as compared with the sversgeofsm
eke Tusk'd I !reredos( roma, is about 2,0901. per anuses, and leilleeit
wit that the l add, that ore higher rate is ordered upostahe meaty Oa
Ind •101'ito, is absolutely necessary, it must be puiectually psidmin
in his 11-; I tine? directed. G. micron', lam cournaced that yes ad
taro Womb'. t reerive with caudour these observatioua, said will my sad
ark's Read settriaispo to deem se they slay appear to deserve. I wnwt
lam wish le- longer detain you from die discharge of your more taco
'el' bee head dime aud bighly important duties.
There ore reveled eppi ab and thirty l'risour
for trial, bud malty tratiersts aud liisoltrui Del Ace,
c"riir 11,0 that it will 'probably be one of lierVl.Sl
pmt prr,mpo longest SreasiOlia OM! occurred lot scat,
tt nil p.a.,.
... 3
...a 12 P1A1741. 11VTISLL1(;ENCE.
... 3 11
▪ 3 10
'▪
2 11 PORTEMOOIII. JANUARY lb
• • 11 Arrived the Sappho, Lamb, Irons the tape el Good Hare.
10 t7th October, and from St Helena Si 'robe,
• ii Sailed the Priories* Mary, Clarkson, for the &oak Srli•
der II sod Harmony, Woudell, for Demerara.
110- HOLYHEAD, JANUARY 15.
... t 10 The Elimbetb, Graham, horn teete•ford fur
It with wheat, drove un shore last night in ilia bay, sad'
lot bilged-`shout urc•ibird of the cargo sated.
...•
• • • 11 WARM tell, JAN(' saw IF
• • • 11 Sailed Hit Vausittart packet for Holland, and Citsil,oip
Per I 1 packet fur Cushaven--esch with a aunt.
• • • 11
MARGATE, AARGAU( I.
? The Adelphl, Stewart, from Awigoa Lueoloo, ins
nil.."'▪
"- It Pau Baud Hole, Liao scut out shore for *a eschew sod cable.
11 s mraraot, a3/4ervaiftv 1.5
• • •
roe. Arrived the Artois, Itobillaus, (tom Prince Eiter.r •
10 Islatid, with lose of boats, bulwarks, etc. The Paver', ••••-;
• • •
figion Queloc fur Cilde, was lust eau Reel lateral.
it DEAL, JAatilil:l 16
looker 12 • tailed Liar Swallow, Ross, for Bomb iy, doer tlic
11 the notward.botenit.
10 Anise/ and sailed fur the River the Dohlis l'arbi
broody 21'240-re, from Dublin; and Letitia Tetioaut, Monogamy).
10 from Belfast.
It Came dowse from the River and sailed the hishela Ps
• It Euphemise, Connect, foe ;
11 Gibraltar and Lima; Minerva, Murky. for Ser.:llr 134"
11 I fort, Stisilhill; th•ean, 31•Nritage ; Mary, Hat'..,' ars
)1 William Bryan, Dacia, for Jimmies, and
12 ()rind Sachem and the Realms still retrain.
• .
Ilsoop•
11 -----'
11 DEATHS.
10 At leis hoes, ie Py•place, Dertilho, on Saturi'ay 11.1
namot, aged oP yeah,. the Iter. Jobe I.rtahhic.
,he P•otesinot Preach Chore+, and fur 40 years Curate.,
Parish of tit, Nicholas Without.
19i 7 11l On the Nib imitate% at All. humor. weer Reiefoid,
2.35/ use Gilbert. io the one hundred and hrenlitlh 'en,: al II
77 71 age. He was lowlier-4 its Dffinber la "pp, to
ear
Me register of the shove pantile. His sun, gips aids `3.
attended at bin towels' as chief moss Der.
6 A pr. -."1.-"'• •
▪ 7711NIGH WATER THIS DAY AT IAtNININ lIP•114:t•
lamming II Off 9. I FAituing 24 af:er lit.
time, have --------. __... .-_sochor and Prieto, mid Pelstolied a
tsc 'fill GLOBE ORice, tit THRa BRITISH R
It?, Strand,by PL
C: a
(s)g Itb'
11 ELL, of the Suomi. •
_ • .
,1010P'
•
4i

ropotretru. of gekter or woo tiblit' "JOU, a‘'t "'4l, ....''' the IMO" I",rrt"""" "7 '"""•". .rwP."". F.""" ."'" ....T every meaus no it. !wave to (rep the peeve.
......
pc theit it otiott 01 1 ilt! Gfetk• 1 bOgitO to II roW Otottft.i but I =ea.., to t• 47 that (bey tier." And (or that purpove wit% tie erherrog up and demo, NM!. I -Twe anchors sad cables s;ipt from the Union. Vlore, have --''''''""'""- —.,..,_—__ _ eilior"i
,
10. Theyeee far at.re utseaervas than their cumin. to call tame,. and I did r."t me*" I" b3ar it atitkt'Uaitt by times at one pawl. atA sotrartinors-at soother !—Yes, ritliad hero recovered and 'smiled at ttamseate. Thr author mot Poole., mid psi,' 16,4 at Tit it g Nynex pft IV I. r
cable heluseing to the t'aiLerine, Peytou, of Fle:fList, Isle lil L tiLOBE °Rice, No Hi, Strand, by C. (111111
.it Ild. they passes* equakci,Nrate. that trfprevsin. that they berm to pelt, by any means; it in, h,,,.. Up shad„.„.
.1 e. 3011: rtlet Ole gseaSset pail of tbe ematr/1 lad the same time Mr. Waltham° Was tiding up " 'lcy.") Will) What ass the cvolloct of the pOli,:e officers as fa: aii came Aso Lves o isudt4l thtm. 11 ELL, of UK &food.
•
t •
I
i k
. .
. _ • ---
AI --•-40-----r -
-.....--
. • ...4.4404440401 . •
... . ..•
~,` .
,i., ~,,..,.. ••.....• .
„ . • ,
• , • .
. .. ... .
• •
•
