110 USE OF COMMONS, MONDAY, MAT 31.

EQUITABLE LOAN Mt.
Mt. PHILLIPS presented a petition from the pawnbrokers of
Alatichester against the Equitable Loan Bill.
Similar petitions were presented from the inhabitants of Man-
chester and the public officers of Salford.—Ordered to lie on the
table.
THAMES NAVItIATION BILL.
Mr. Aklerrnan WOOD brought up the Report of the Thames
Navigation Bill ; which, after a few words from 3lr. Aldemian
SMITH, was ordered to be engrossed.
THAMES AND MEDWAY CANAL BILL.
The Thames and Medway Canal Bill was read a third time and
Paved.

• • SLAVE TRADE.
Sir W. LEMON presented a petition from a parish in Cornwall
against the slave trade.
A similar petition was presented from Belfast, by Sir R. SHAW.
.--Ordered to lie on the table.
QUACK DOCTORS.
Mr. HORHOUSE presented a petition from a Burgeon of the
name of Dunn, praying that the House would prevent quack doc-
tors from practising, unless they had previously obtained a diplo-
ma.—Laid- on the table.
THE LATE MISSIONARY SMITH.
The ATTORNEY-GENERAL presented a petition from
Ashburton, praying the House to invesugate the trial of Mr. Smith
the missionary.
Similar petitions were presented from Bridport, by Mr. Scott ;
how the Hibernian Missionary Society. by Sir R. Shaw ; front
Lichfield and Petworth, by lIT. Burrell; from Sydney. by Mr.
Portman; from Mitcham, by Mr. Dennison from Kingston-
tapon.llull, by Mr. Syltes; from Ipswich, by Mr. Haldimand ;
grom Reading, by Mr. Stanek float the Dissenting Core:regatinn
at Newport, by Mr. R. Smith ; and from a parish in Sussex, by
Curteia.—Ordered to lie on the table.
HIDES AND SKINS.
Lord EASTNOR presented a petition from the tanners of Ile.
treford against the Hides and Skins BilL—ttniered to lie en the
table.

COAL TotTTIF.S.
Mr C. COLE presented a petition from the praprietnr• the
Olainoeganshire Canal, for a repeal of the coal dutits.-I.aid on

the tablZ

ATTORNEYS' TAX.
Lard BINNING presented a petition from the notaries of Rol-
praying for the remission of the tax on attorneys, ric.—
bLauit on the table.
INTERCOURSE OF SPIRITS BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, presented a petition front Argyle, praying
far the free intercourse of spirits between England and Scothind..-..

Laid on the table.
BONDED WHEAT BILL.
Mr. WODEHOUSE presented a petition from Cambridge,
against the Bonded Wheat Bill.
Mr. CURTI:FS presented a similar petition from Messes. Bow.
ker and Green, (semen, of the county of' Susse, complaining also
of the introduction of Canadian wheat into the market.--Ordcred

the statesmt.-
iion Parliament they met. and they adjaurned ; they publiihed
licentious harangues; thy did every thin g but petition and from
January last to this day no petition had come from them. 'Jul
•

, .
ml object was to coerce this legideturis to so accordance with their
views. If for the purpose of petitioning, why excite the people
to a hatred of the laws? A meting to petition could be no cloak
for maligning the Canirto of Justice, foe the expression ui folly and
faction, and something very little short of treason ; for he could not
disguise from himself the thin partition under which they sought a
shelter. The riotous exercise of the right to petition always led to
' its diminution, and in some instances to the total abrogation of the
original right ; and be thought the right of petition was emi-
nently brought into jeopardy and disparagement by the proceed-
ings of the Catholic .Issoctation. There was no sensible Catholic
who must not feel disposed to be rid of such foes in the name of
advocates. This Association might have met originally to petition,
but they had ever since kicked all nualerstion out of doors ; and
those Whose property and talents qualified them to take the lead on
snob a subject were whally overborne by the deniago,;ue and the
npstart. Decency and decorum they threw behind them ! they
outraged emery Protestant in Ireland, and scandalized the loyal
body of the Roman Catholics, who had no wish to be mea•
mired by or confounded with an association whose chief ability
was to cheat the law, and whose object wan to feed their own
vanity and temporary interests st the expense of the more
loyal body. Ile was asked over and over again, at the corner
even of every street, how it Man that the Attornev-General
he Ireland, who hail been so active in the cause of the bottle-
'brooms at the theatre, had been asleep to the mischiefs of the Ca-
thistle Armistice (who found a lurking-place in his partialities);
and his answer was, that they did not come within any existing
law ; that the SW Geo. extended to delegates; that they could
Mt be caught by one of the six Acts, as that only extended to
of dos • confined

to lie on the table.
MARINE INSURANCE BILL.
Mr. Alderman THOMPSON presented a petition from the stn.
derwriters at Lloyd's against the Marine Insurance BilL
A similar petition was presented from the London Assurance
Company.—Ordered to lie on the table.
COMMERCIAL TREATIES WITH PRUSSIA AND
SWEDEN.
Mr. Secretary CANNING presented certain papers to the
Mom; relative to the Treaties arranging the commercial rentals.
tines between this country and Prussia and Sweden. The Right
Hon. Gentleman, in marine that they should be printed, said, that
he should abstain from making any observations on them, as they
would so soon be in a state for distributing among Alembers.—The
papas were their lad on the table, and ordered to be printed.
IRISH ROMAN CATHOLICS.
• Mr. PLUNKETT rose for the purpose of presenting a petition
front the Roman Catholics of Inland, praying for some relief
against the laws at present affecting them. The 113nourable
Member said, thatin the observations which he bad to make
relative so die petition, be would detain the House but for a very
Sew minutes, and he would take care not to bring the greet sub-
- 'rect. of the Catholic Question into discession ; he would endea-
vour as much as possible to avoid touching on its merits. (Here
there was some confusion at the bar, and the airs of " Order"
became vary general, which having been obtained, the Honourable
blestber proceeded amidst the most profound attention.) He
observed, that he would shortly state the contents of the petition,
in the whole of which, with the exception of one short mamas, he
entirely concurred. The petitioners stated, that they dla net reel it
necessary tout out with making any parade of attachment re the
Thame—their loyalty and love for his Majesty were not to be de-
scribed. They could never forget the grace, the kindness, end
the condescension evinced in his endeavours to promote a MOM.
~eilimiree among all parties; it was unnecessary for the petition's
to state, that the consequences of these benignant endeavours were
Aot attributable to them; they had held their promises sacred, and
ihme the Hon. Member observed, came the passage from which be
',Oise/rated. The petitioner remarked, that those promisee had
? IWO violated by the highest dignitaries of the Church established
• iry law, Ile (Mr. Plunkett) Ud wished that this chafes hadi
Le omitted, and that the petition had been divested of all pole-I
• initial observations. The petitioners continued urging, that the
• events of the hat two years deprived them of all hope that his
I'dapisty's gracious interference, under present circumstances, could
:.;lie
o ell The monopoly of power and place enjoyed by
smell on of the country induced in that portion an OTCT.
.wlfeCTllg pride; while among those shut out from the participa-
•l;Soa of these advantages was engendered an indignant and in-
,..isuboedinste spirit, to which might be attributed all the grievous
. effects that followed as a consequence of riot and violation of law.
, -The peutioners alma, that to which he requested the attention
of the House, as likely to induce a favourable consideration.
that they were strictly loyal to the person of his Majesty.
, The petition was of the undersigned Roman Catholics, and
signed by MOO Catholics. As such only did he now present
tits petition, and he begged it to be distinctly understood by this
, House, the petitioner, and the public, that he brought for-
ward the petition, without any. control of any body in this coon-
; .try. Ile disclaimed any conne:tton with any society, and that be
,p:twented it inertly as from the petitioners. In doing this, he
• oeg. leave to say that he would not present the general subject
thiebession ; because, after every communication with the friends
eif Me measure, he found it would not be useful to the Roman
Catholic Body. In declining to bring forward the general men.
-,, elan, he had to say, that all his opinions on this great subject re-
.:.,.tuuned unaltered; his opirnon was long matured, and with a full
adios of the importance of these claims, the more he looked to the
state of Irelar.d, of this country, and of Europe. he felt the snore
n ;gist every hour concession was delayed, the ultimate value of the
j. UNARM would be lessened. He was convinced that this subject
vas advancing to its accomplishment. At some period or ocher
St must be carried ; in fact, it was advancing by as strong Pluses
,sit any other physical operation. He wished to avoid saying any
1114 to call for discussion, and la so saying, begged leave to pre.
sect the petition.
• -The pentiob was then ordered to be printed.
▪ A message from the Lords announced their Lordships' agree.
meet to the Passage of Vessels' Dill, and other BM..
• • Sir T. BARING presented a petition from Buckingham, re.
istire to the London Missionary Society.
Sir J. WROTTESLEY presented a petition front the town of
-Leeds, relative to Missionary Smith.
;. . IRISH INSURRECTION ACT. •
• Lord.PALMEILSTON brought up the Report of the Com.
.ossittes on the Irish Insurrection Act..._-Ordered to be printed,
Mr. 001.'LBURN gave notice that he would, to-morrow,
bring in LBW on that subject.
- Mi..,ABERCEOM BY said that some delay should take place,
in order to allow the evidence taken by the Committee to be placed
;before the House. It was quite unusual to proceed in the manner
• Any Prelksmis
IRISH MA LTSTERS.
- • Sir H. PARNELL presented a petition from certain mai:sten
tie Indand,_mayinefor an assimilation of the duties.
lIERRIES sail that a clause would be brought in to re.
may the grievance of which the petitioners complained.
• Mr. PEEL observed, that there wits no intention to bring on
• mhesubjett of the Insurrection Act without giving sufficient means

rissedeso Oita sod that the ACt of last year was
so comoproollog secretaries. In the state of the law he knew not
whet odd= to give; but if no law to catch them existed, one
ebodd be hosed to meet their designs. Ile asked, which should
be supreme, the Parliament or this association? In calling,
dim, upon the House to put down this association, he was
Wereising a right and a duty. The right of petition was
by the 13 Cherie* IL, and he now called upon the
Parliament to express some opinion, and pass souse measure
suitable to the novelty of the situation of this I body. Ile
bad before used strong langunge in discountenaneing all Or.
ange peoieseions, and he now felt a right to call .upon the
House en es minion of the Catholic Association. He was mis-
represents:lla a former debate on that subject, for be was wade to
caniseed the society of Ribbonmen with that of Orangemen. He
did so suds thing; nothing mild be more foreign to hie intro.
I thin He described the Itib'oonmen in the language of the law dß-
ems fee Ireland ; and in spite of nll the cavil raised against the
Omagenven, he, as a member of that body, was prepared to take,
his share of any blame which might attach to them. (Cries ofl
" Hear, hear VI The principles of Orangemen were peaceable. I
peter, moderate; and constitutional. ( Hear, hear.) t,uch he be-
lieved them to. be, and such they were at the establishment of the
Bill of Rights. Let all violators of the law be dealt with by the
law—for whets it was violated, no question should be asked as to'
the principles oT its violators. He hoped he had already said enough
to convince the House of the evils n' the Catholic Association, and'
he would not, therefore, detain the House by any further remarks.
It was his intention to have moved that this petition should be re-
faired to the Committee on the State of the Disturbed Districts in
Ireland ; but he was prevented doing so by the forms of the
House. Ile regretted that circunistaece, but trusted that some!
good would be done, by calling the attention of the House to the
subject. (Hear, hear.)
The petrion was then read.
Mr. PLI7NRETT.-1 assure the House that it is not my in-',
tention to say much upon this subject, as it is one in which, from
the situation I bold, the House will perceive I labour under some
difficulty. It is however impossible foe me to pass by some of the
observations made by the lion. Member. The Hon. Member has
insinuated that I had resorted to strong measures in some cases, bat
that, for objects be did not name, I inieituted no prosecution
against the Catholic Association. It is true, the Hon. Member
said, there was an Imperfetaion in the law as applicable to dial
body ; but he added, and I think very necessarily, that while I, eel
public prosecutor, tinted the bottle tieowers at the theatre with see
verity, I declined prosecuting those persons shuns he described as
holding up a crested opposition to his Mnicaty's Government. I
can however scare the lion. Member that what he has said, or
what other men moray, will never divert mo from pursuing an
even course, as long as I may have the honour of holding my, yrs.
sent situation. It omit necessary for me to remind the House of
what I before said, bat I now repeat, that in my office of Attorney
0 eneral for leased, l hest and shall skills look straight forward is
the discharge of oar public duty, foal that if tile law be violated, its
vioistose shall be pooh/led. without the slightest regard to either
son or peaty. Whether the most candid construction has always
bass pot apse sty conduct, I shall leave to the House to judge
but this I mpg*, in berguage net to be mistaken, that I wilt
follow in die course I bete hitherto pursued. and deal oat
no left-hooded justice to say lass of possum If the lair
be tranagvessed, its treascessors shall be punished. The Ho.
nuurable Member, however, is not satisfied with vindicating the
Orangemen, but he has actually declared, for the first time I ever
heard stated in Parliament, that he is himself a member of that il-
legal association. (Cries of " Hear, bear.") And I can assure that
Hon. Member, that while he complains of my not bringing to
punishment the violators of the law, that he will find me, if
public expediency render it necessary, not slow in the pertormance
of my duty even upon his own respectable person. (Cries of I
" Hear," and a laugh.) If the Hon. Member should then blame
me as he dues now, I cannot help it, for he has node that declara-
I noel which must have surprised every non who heard it. Nl'ith tes
spect to the proceedings et the Catholic Association. 1 will not now
give any opinion; but this much I will say. that nu man has con-
sidered it more necessaw to attend to them than myself. I will'
not, however, be led from .tuy principles by whatever may be Paid ;
l will not say whether those proems be or be uot within the reach
of the law.: I shall be at my post, and, if the public safety or the
public expediency demand die institution of criminal roceedings,
it I neglect them, then let the Hon. Member Warne p ; buebe
has no cause for doing so till then. I am prepared impartially to
discharge my duty sod when in the exercise of his duty the lion.
Member is so motions to proescute the Catholic Association as ills.
gal, it seems rather curious that he calla for no prosecution against
the illegal association of Orangemen. of which be this night has,
proclaimed himself a member. If I mistake not, the lion. Member
said he liad'a " right" to call for this prosecution, because he had
smut time since blamed the Orange processitels ; hut bow can the
lion. Member, in the fair discharge of his ditty, condemn the pro-
cessions, while he forma one of the body who encourages them?
Ile his avowed himself to be a member of a body who violated the
law end conerolled the Governinent—allose diode broke out in
murder--and•cho. le: it not be diwised,piovokod the Association:,
which the Hon. 'Sionheer now bites tie for not prosecuting.
(liner, hese.) The Honourabie 11. letnber now blames the Orange
processions, but he continues a member of the body who induces
them to take place; he respects the, tree, but lie blames the fruit,
with a wonderful power of discretion, and no doubt in the strict
discharge of his pnblic duty. If men of talent, of family, and
fortune, will condescend to unite themselves in illegal clubs, with
the lowest drega of the community, I can promise them, that their
subsequent efforts will rot stop the mischiefs which they have pro-
yoked. The Honourable Member, l take leave to say, would have
done much better if the advice he has bestowed on me had been'
followed by himself. (Cries of " Hear.")
Mr. M. FITZGERALD said, that his Right Hon. Friend
bid eley properly slated his intention nut to persecute in _lreland

at info;mation.
• 111 r. ABERCROMRY—The question was one of great lm-
penance, wad now cone forward in a manner totally differant from
. any other occasion.
CATHOLIC ASSOCIATION.
Mr. BROW NLOW. in presenting a petition from certain per-
Bons against the Catholic Association of Dublin, said lie hoped
ail whoa fell the other evening from the Right Hon. the Secret...try
iloir Foreign Affairs, would this night attract considerable attention.
The petition but heen for wine time in his hands, but lie dila)ed
. .its presentation urtil he hod such a correspondence as induced him
to believe that t..e petition wax respectably sigoed ; and he was
authorised to stet.: that the petition would have been more n..iner-
vady Gigue, Wit had been exposed foe signatutes. To him, hew-
ever. the nionber of signatures was little, fur the petition itself
would beat n:c.tte ttteonoti from the House. They 'milt-Ito pro.
• mote hansom y and good will, and that lnternal peace which dub not eh
... this lime pi .!vail in Ireland. his agreed with the petitioners in ex-
. pareasir.g his eoing any thing for Ireland, while an
emaciation called the Catholic Association, continued to exist.'
Ruses itilt-cr...gA assembly usurped a Sashion like that of this
, and ?stmt.. sl the essoblishei privileges of Parliament.
pltitiona vr.se Lid or. their table--eousplaints were toads--debates
put off and culled on—in fact, they usurped die functions of 00.
lament. The 'thole of Ireland was now tinder exactions—se.
'dints were opened with every parish--and when the; were told of
the misery of the people—that they could ray no not—that they
-amid pay no taxes—they ware still called upon to pay ematieipadon
rent, and lie was savvy to say they answered to the call. What'
was this rent called for ? He could not characterise the
objects; but the Resolutions of the Association stated it to
be for au A04(71[481 Priesthood—for a Priesthood for Epp

Thse SPEAKER here interposed, and said, that he wir...d to
make an observation on the forms of the House, in regard of the
present petition. He wished to do so in o►der to explain a conver-
him and the Hon. Member who

nation vihich took place between
presented it. The lion. Gertlemanhsd asked him, whether, upon
putting down his name in the list of Members presenting petitions,
he would be Entitled to move that it be referred to the Committee
up stairs. upon the Insurrection Act. Ile (th: Speaker) thereupon
stated the sessional rule of the House, namely, that on certain
nights ordershad precedence of motions. It happened that this was
a night on which orders had precedence, and he therefore informed
the Hon. Member, that if a discussion were to arise out of the pre-
sentation of the petition that might go into considerable length, it
would be his duty to give preference to the entertainment of the
Orders of the llay. As to hearing motions, it was usual certainly
to give notice of them, in order to prevent the House from being
taken by surprise, although the rule was not pressed to such an
extent as to permit any Member from submitting a motion without
notice, although it was the duty of the Speaker to see that no unfair
advantage was had in submitting • motion to its consideration, by
taking the House by surprise. Ile wished to offer these observations
on the practice of the sessional rule, in order to explain his conduct
on the present occasion, and to make Members acquainted with it
in similar circumstances in future.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE was of opinion, that the motion of re-
ferring the Petition to the Committee on the Irish Insurrection
Act was a regular mode of proceeding. It was as much so as the
referring the many petitions on Oa Combination Laws to the Com-
mittee of Artisans. He stated this, merely as to the mode of pro-
ceeding, and did not mean to declare how he would vote on the
petition.
Mr. PEEL was desirous of assuring his lion. Friend (Mr. B.)
that it was not owing either to want of personal respect to him, or
- of the mini -.0 Of the - petition; but

• •
•
laud, to enlighten the English peonle._ and hebtll them back any It of rot except a feting et duty and State expediency I made sense substantiver.otion, on which be did C.) would have crefone; they injured the cause which the members of it aimed at
to that faith, m which they had lived during earlier end better &tiled upon hint to do so, The Catholic Association were dtiven . been. read] to have ex Pressed his ori.alon..
for
_DOt rOnSid er it arid were anxious to serve. But whatever thew induaet• ion-1
Aston- right, on the sreoentatton of any i•eition, for any Hon. Member to may be. they did not call for, or justify, the unqualitied and shame_
theca than the present. Such haughty and lirentteus legislators ' to.do whet they het dor... by the eountzr-efforts of other
1 ' discussion on the nes: In:9count concerns of the empire; . less libel which the Honourable Member had renounced
should not be tolerated. lie put it to every thin flog man, be he atiens. 'Pic Catholics of Ireland were eselettled-assan all power raise aupon
f 11 ..h. M • 'M. • Tat I the C bor l• of Ireland. (H h
Catholic or Protestant, whether at such a time and; under such sir.. and authmityy swat if thoie ensoyieg it erected thetnselves into Ida res a roalltlf o
hceurshe.orah, !Awn is .1... auity s .
stated:rosterstomaget 1
cmotTßice KoepluietroGetein
toexplan,
amidear,bueode.,aies
of
"Spoke,
bummers the Catholic -association should rot he out down. The . clubs against 'hen). they must take the einseeuences ;at all their opinions ori wi• t, S, ' nose. .Or his Part he , .,5.. ~
value of a word every one knew to have great leeiteo. partietiliely . events, sire.. his hailaes omit graci,nu visit to Ireland. the sty thathe nevers: uld.under such circumstances.be con pefied pose.
in Ireland, where the people were all touch mast. Tili.A err,..i,•l- : itoMan i'l.h ~1.11 sorhorue to notice the outrages praeticed I toslate i'ait•ns. Ni course cJuld be more incovenient to public Sir C. Re'ItRELL, in a low tone of voice,
spoke him under
t extertiel Citholic concessions until the Catholics became more cm
proPositlon with. I lightened and improved. He read a letter, complaining of the uti.
-i••• due discharg- of the moat Serious functions of the tram
lion rent was called a slave tax, and the ',mons paY•ng tad tix, en their fes•lifigs. They ha I espreas^d every wish for roneihation ; 1 b(!r•ires, We understood him to express his unwillingness to
paid it as slaves. who were called upon to assert there rt ;it. ,as Ilei- , they held or. .he olive bran( It. If it were not accepted; If. in li royern, his
.' It would have of
e expedient for the lion.
willingness of Catholics to send their children to schools, 'hie,
tons. Such conduct was calculated to exasperate tho peop!... mul to ; addition to that. fresh eve ides were csnunitted aga:nst them, they ; 31eii.sernircengut I%rty to hare brought forward e
was owing to the undue interference of the priesthood. .
excite a hatred and contempt for the laws of the Millis I s Met it : must not he es:lt:cis-4 to sit quietly and tamely under them. They !reference to wl cif Its (Sly. C.) could have given his opinion, and
was almost a direct provocation to arm*, occasioned hy those per_ ; (the Cathtilieto were acting on the defeesive. against whit the I stated the reasons: eri. Which that opinion Bas grounded, and rot to i
amt[ who were cajoling a deluded and s genaotts people. Vras it ' Judges had. on the t brims, denominated Illegal Associations. i hae entered, as. le aael,that evening., had, dsla and mos t
and
I
of giving notice for
Lord :HILTON said, that he had observed the conduct of the
otng that this astuutiation systematically abused the Protestnnt • lie trusteo, thcrefme, that the 'louse would not act in the spirit I Por
ta"! subject that c"al occupy the attention of Parliament, nd Catholic clergy, and they did not object to the attenaeree oy t
a.
schools interfered with the'religion of the people. (Ilear.;
church of Irela-alnised ber prelates, and so stigmatised the 1 which had characterised the speech of the Hon. Member for lon which the Honourable tieutleman as it were, taken the tholic children at schoob except where the regulations of these
Archbishop of Dublin that he could scarcely chew his f ice with .tringh, nor adopt. any measure to prevent the t'atholics fern • house by surprise. fie (Mr. C.) could have no objection that the
safety out of his own house 1 Was it nothing that a spirt& prsenting the grievances sf this sea. excluded as they were ; petition should be laid on the table, and if the Honourable Member Sir C. BURRELL explained.
of hatred rods to be excited in eveorlimitt ? Surt•ly it was ; from all political power. In conclusion, ha also enpressed his i had moved to have it reterred to the Committee up stairs, he
don, that it he referred to the Committee on the Irish Ins '
Mr. RHO 4WNIA.IIW proposed to substitute for the praent me-
' (Mr. C.) would have voted for the motion ; but he should reserve
Practical I Act, if not inconsistent with the regular proceedings of the
the duty
.of this House to repress %itch an -association with ; hope that his Majesty's Ministers would follow the course of the.urrertH tou
peculiar indignation. As long as this .3ssociation wae al- 1 Irish. Government; which, he sincerely believed, was desirous to ; anything he might haee to say on the subject till that
lowed to hold together in lhildin, it was in vain that Members administer the laws with impartiality, ;motion was bmtght forward. lint that the If onourshie Gentleman
aut 1 The SPEAKER suggested the propriety
should have u ) hat the tsseutation of a petition ..•ed ; u
Mt. BROWN LOM' said, that he would therefore simply meve
had the liberty of speech in this House. Now. at the coin. I Sir T. IsF.T MIR I iln E returned his thanks to the Honourable I
for the present that it be laid on the table, and to-morrow would
Tenement of every Session, they were allowed the jesiyilege of I Member fm Arnim:is for the manly and temperate sm-ch with him to call upon his Majesty's al misters for than legal opinion as 1
speech, and he would be a bold man to restrict it ; but it every Re- I which he had introduced the question. (Hear. hear.) 'The petition 'to the Catholic association, was the most extisordinary mistake of!
ntative for !reland were to he aliened because he diel not aace I deserved the serious consideration of his Majesty's Government, ; their functions that a Illetul'er of Parliament had ever committed. h i
! au_mi a motion that i: be referred to the Committee up stairs
in opinion with this Ae‘ociation, It would certainly require more i wino, he touted, would rot hesitate to take all necessary measures .II hen he (Mr. C.) had occasion is address the House, be expected : ROMAN cATit()LIc PETITION.
, aff.xed Try nitmeraus sigratures of the Roman Catholics of fir..
than ordinary nerve, and a greater coetem,P! of Popular °Pli•flon i tow pport the constituts„ of these realms. Glair, hear.) •In his ; that attention which the il ot,e ~,.., in the habit generally of giving 1 Mr. JIRO! .I i 11.1. AI ro, eto present a petition, to which west
land The petitioners might be considered as expmsing in 4-
than prevailed in this House, to indite,. loin to bear ,I 6 31 Cruise , opinion% oil Heins would not have heard a word about the Orange to its limbers, but he claimed no respect whatever for his legs:
with patience, and stand up against so much calumny and ntisrepre. I Societies, but fur tile Catholic Association. (Hear, hers, and a , °pinks's. It was his duty to take tile opinion of his Majesty's swi ;
mem who deserved to be rests eted for the extensive property ft:lien
advisers, and not lay down the hw himself. In the Honourable .
sensation. He had no objection to far criticism an the I:mid:Jet of t laugh.) present petition the general sense of that community busy of
they possessed-so be respected for the influence their wealth and
Members and that their constituents should be imitrireil of the I r•Jr. III'TCIIINSON said he had heard with infinite ststisfac. • 3lernba's speech, be had referred to some opinions which he •
their numben gave them-to be respected too (notwithstanding and
manner in which their interests were treated ; but this Associa ion ' t'oo Slat kid
fallen from the Attomey-General for Ireland. In (Mr. (%) had stated in a former debate. Undoubtedly it was
.he had heard that night) for their loyalty and good conduengand
only assembled to check the liberty of speech, and overawe tile ! the language of the Honourable dlentber for Armagh. he (Mr. II.) , amongst the most difficult functions of Government to judge, net
lastly. to be respected for none of those reasons more than for the
Pailiament. Was this House, he asked, disposed to give up its hoped that his Majest)'s Government were determined te distribute 'according to their feelings, but with a round discretion, whet the
the persevering confidence, they had hitherto Flared.
privileges to tax the people ? %Pewits 3lembera to be over-awed in 1 fcarlessly and impartially espial justice in Ireland ; and, he trusted, : exercise of free institutions,. and the spirit that grew out of them,
the discharge of their public duty? Wee the Treasury and the i that Welcher an Orange Or a Catholic Association attempted to die- : were carried to an extent mischievous to the country ; and then the confidence,
The lion. Mem- period of the Sessioo to which they had arrived, it was not his in-
landßevenue to strike under to tin Association ? Why was Ire- tate to parliament, or commuted any sets of an illegal or unenn. further question, whether it was wore to chs-ek than to suffer the and were still disposed to place, in that House. At the advanced
Tenon to follow up the presentation of it with any specific Metier
to be made a school for such things ? Why was Ire- stitnt'onal nature, the handof the law would fall utsm the offenders, irregularity to run to waste. (lcer, hear, hear.)
land t 3 be the licensed land for such proceedings ? lViev land that his Mojesty's Minister% would ,join the Attorney-tieeral her would agree with him at least in iris, that an impotent at-
in putting down factions of all description in Ireland. lien also tempt, by which Government souls come out of Court defeated, , foe the redress of any of the grievances of which it complained.
•
. Before he proceeded to submit the substance of the petition to the
was a small baud of agitators allowed to disturb Ireland.he felt it his duty to stste here, as he had done elsewhere.
from one end of it to the other ? The objects and the efforts hoped, that the great and just cause of the Catholics would not be was worse' titan even a passive acquiescence in the evil. It did not
that be differed in many parts of it from the petitioners. The petition
.of this Association were only to haran_gue, with factious deelatna„ isoirecl by any acts of the Catholics themselves. Ile had always follow, because there was something of which Government dints. Limn,
itself, however, was couched in terms respectful to the House • it
tion, against temporary pressure. In this country, sonic time supported it. and until his dying day he would cent' oue to support proved, and for which the law did not provide, that it waa wise to
breathed no Isept•-ege of reproof, and its first ecntencecantainedan'ex
since, the same efforts Were made; but the strong arm of the law It. If die Catholic Association spoke strongly, let It be remembered create a law to meet the case. It was the duty of Government un-
prension of gratitude for a disposition which the petitioners believed to.
was called in to erzest them, and why not act in the same manner, that they expressed the feelings of the oppressed and insulted mil- der such circumstances to balance the question nicely, cautiously,
exist in the minds of the House towards a favourable entertainment
and with the same promptitude, in Ireland ? What was there in lions rte the Catholics of Ireland. There was no population in the and
,I)e would add, timidly, not its flying from danger, but as
. of their claims, and of restoration to the cunstitutional priailegesof
Ireland to make that innnoxioust which was truly said to es world more goaded by outrage and despair. 'l'heir feeling was, • acoitimg. to create a greater evil. The degree of importance, of
which they had been deprived. Although be may t that the
hurtful in England ? Had the Irish people no a•: ens ? Ilere that both Government and Parliament had neglected their duty : inischict, and of prthable duration, were all to be taken into ro.
Roman l'atholics found it necessary to increase the prayers of the
the t people had education, comforts, and an it.c.:r tit in the towards them, atd thereon if they transgressed the limits of did. ; count ; and as at present be held it no pert of his duty to state his •
and althou h he may regret also to differ with the pet'i
existing order of things, which glee some security at limit the eretion, it sows not their fault, but the fault of those who had driven , opinion of the applicability of the existing law, he was sure he;
machination* of agitators. In hatted they had not. •khe people them to desperation and madness. He did not justify the trio-' had no right prematurely to suggest any alteration, if he bad has- petition,
i one prayer in whit i he fully concurred, and of the justice of the
were ignorant, brewed, and labouring under habitual treasure ; knee of the Catholic Association. He lamented it, as calm- ,i lily formed an opinion that it was necessary. He regretted the - donee' as to the expediency of some of those prayers, set there- was
-
and, therefore, called upon the Government for their pee:thin ore' lated to in
the great canse which that Association professed to , esisteree of the present society in Ireland, on account not
' the promises which were made to the Cathubcs at the per- I.od of' the
to support the supremacy of the law. In Ireland, the law was not uphold. His advice to the Catholics would be now, as it had been only of the mischief wnich it did the country, great SS be . complaint it contained he was deeply impressed; namely, eof
spreme ; in England, law and security were convertible teens: some years before--" l'ontinue to urge your claims by petition; felt it to be, but still mare on account of the mischief it
Union were fulfilled. Those promises were made with a view of
it,t Ireland, law was convertable with impotency and laughter, confide in the Gegislature—snd in the Legislature alone, and be : did the cause which it professed to serve. It created a new
conciliating the Roman Catholics to that measure, which, what
and by none treated with inure ettmtenuot than the Catholic , assured that your succesg cannot be long delayed." In his opinion source of inflammation in the country ; and as a new element of
Association. He know it was said, in their detente, that t every Moment of delay risked the safety of the empire. It was : conflict, he rcgTntted its existence attd its operations. Ile would I might be the intentions with which it was brought about, had fe
abstain at Tr from the expression of any opinion as to the
they met for the purpose ef petiSoning Parliament foe the ridiculous for either of the Right Honourable the Secretaries of greatly
aggravated pre-existing evils, and had hot yielded those counter-
Amongst the grievances of winch the petitioners principally out.
repeal of the laws affecting the Roman Cathols of Ireland; I State to Hatter himself that he had discharged his duty to the cm- . force of the law at present to put down such an institution, railing advantages which at the period of its passing were held
that lie did not believe. Such an tratur,stion was not necessary fur i Pire. while he left Ireland in its present harassed and depraved should it be found expedient to put it down ; and he would also
plained were the tithes, and the mode of their collection. Thee snitesi
such a purpose. Every peasant in Ireland who could read, knew condition. He (dir. Hutchinson) would be glad, if what he had : abstain ffom being induced, ins conversation on a petition, to offer
i them to be as they were ate:, bearing oppressively on food, on capi.
the form of that petition, which they could draw up as well as any slid, proceeding as it did from a true Irish heart, had produced any I any opinion as to whether Government may or may not resolve upon
sal, and on labour, which was the peasant's only wealth. In addition
of the --ten of the association. Their object was not to yeti_ impression on the House. The Catholic cause he considered as : any nieasure to suppress it, shook! it deem its suppression requi. •
... . .-s ' . -Mon that could ;e the attention of • site- (Hear. hear.)
•••iR • - rished :to the enormity of the amount and the mode of exaction, was super-
heweightof -- inst them, for in no other mar ty was so

added tht. oof reason Neil _
large a sum paid to so small a number of persons for services sty
small and inadequate. In aggravation of this compkint. it was
stated in the words of the petit: that those tides warn raid

_ petitioners,
"to support a hierarchy who insulted and oppressed then." In
proof of this statement of the petition, the petitioners referred to
many outrages that occurred in various parts of Ireland in conse-
quence of the prohibition given to the funerals of persons of their
persuasion, and specified an instance in Limerick, where, in en-
forcing this prohibition, the military were obliged to be summoned
in attendance. This was an opportion to the rites of sepulture,
which had not before been manifested in Ireland, or in any
civilized nation in the world. The administration of justice
constituted another ground of complaint. Of the administration of
justice in the higher Courts of Dublin the petitioners did not com-
plain, but they complained most grievous!y of the administration in
the subordinate Courts, more particularly in the province of Ulster,
where they stated justice often to be " most fkisrandy and inde-
cently denied." Instances of such shameful dental of justice were
most frequent in cases occurring between persons entertaining dif-
ferent religious opinions. Here the petitioners referred to the en-
dure of a Right Rev. Prelate, who was a Magistrate, and whose
conduct sustained thin allegation of die petition. They further
stated, that justice could not be obtained by the Catholics.
on accoant of the composition of juries, which were almost cc-
elusively confined to Orangemen. This part of the petition was
supported by the trials that took place in the forth of Ireland
fir the zutrages committed there ; and the petitioners prayed that Mr.
Sergeant Loyd and Mr. Sergeant (now Mr. Justice) Torrent
might be appealed to, who presided at the trials under the insur-
rection Act, and whose testimony they. were smilled would sustain
these and other allegations of the pence. After ember esimplaints
of the manner in which Orangenm are =Med to !a Jurors,
they advert with pain. to an zusevtion pialgouese--an
. _

from an tar_ -.my or amortance s present penis._ ,
as it was merely moved that the petition be laid on the table, he assertion which the petitioners believe to be made falsely', that this
thought it advisable to defer the expression of any opinions he body of men (Orangemen) are supported by the countenance and
might entertain as to the legality or illegality of the Association, patronage of the heir presumptive to the throne. This, they state,
until it was followed up by the ulterior measure which he under- damps their hope of redress.. and fills them wi h as apprehensim. that
stood it was the intention of his Hon. Friel* to adopt, namely, that such wouldbe the effect of hisextendiog his paaoos Ce to that body,
it be referred to the Committee on the disturbances in Ireland. that if Ireland should happen to be deprived of the protection Of
' Mr. M. FITZGERALD was anxious; in rising to vindicate the his Majesty, she would become amens suanny and annoyance
character of Mr. O'Connell from the aspersion which had been to England" and of " danger to the Empire." The petitionrs
thrown out against it. That gentleman, he could assure the proceed to pray, that immediate steps might be taken foraltering the
House was not the person he had been represented by some to temporalities for the disfranchisementof certain corporations,
be. lie was an eminent lawyer, high in his profession, and he and finally for Catholic Emancipation.. He had ahead,
was assured by a Noble Lord at the head of the law in that country, stated that with some of the prayers of this petition he did not
that a more able and zealous lawyer was not to be found is concur, but when he expressed his regret as to the extent
any of the courts ; he was, moreover, largely connected with the to which they thought proper to press the resquet, he mum-
landed interests of the country, and consequently a person whose panted that expression with an avowal also of the deep name he
interest it would be to suppress that agitation which he has been entertained of the treatment they had received ; and he was sow
accused of promoting. (Hear, hear.) As to the Catholic Associa- ready to add that this eenewed and augmented solicitation on their
Mtn. be did not stand forward as t approver of all its pr ceed- part was the natural—nay, the inevitable consequence of that treat-
ing', but it should be remembered that the men who composed it meet. It might appear to some, from the language of the petition.
had endured long and severe oppression, and he hoped they would that it was the substitution of a demand for a prayer: it so, or it
continue to express their sense and feeling of the injustice with that) which was now asked for appeared too great, it was no small
which they were treated, until that oppression was removed. It extenuation of that offence, to refer to the Invariable rule of tilt
was to be regretted that the Roman Catholic nobility and principal experience of all times, which showed that nothing tended more
Catholic gentry did not reside in the country, for much goal might, directly and certainly to create and increase unreasonable demands
in his opinion, be expected from the residence of the Catholic than the rejection of reasonable requests. (Hear, hem, hear.)
nobility, by introducing .a spirit of moderation in the proceedings And here Ire would refer to the sentiment which formerly fell from
of the Catholic Association, which would in some degree check a Nobleman in the other House of Parliament(the Duke of Devon-
and restrain the ardour, and perhaps indiscreet enthusiasm, into shire).—.a Nobleman who superadded to the accidental circu
the
m.
which they were sometimes betrayed. Their absence from stances of high birth, illustnoos lineage,. and groat fortune,
the country was attributable to the repeated disappointments they still higher attributes of independent maniple and undeviatinn
had experienced on the frequent presentation of their claims to rectitude. In (looting the Roman adage " Bur dat yai dat rite."
Parliament, and demand for Constitutional freedom. The pre- he accompanied it with the converse of the proposition, which ex-
acta Association expressed the sense of a very large portion, if not perience Mewed to be equally correct, and which was particularly
of the whole of the Catholic people of Ireland ; if the expression applicable to the case of the present petitioners ; for as theft/omin
of their opinion was checked, they would sink into silent despair, bestowal of a boon enhances its value, to the unnecessary delay of a
and it would be preferable in his opinion to permit them freely to right aggravates the injustice that withholds it, and cremes in.
express their sentiments, than to see them sink into a state of de- creased dissatisfaction in the minds of thow to whom it is denied.
span. with all the evil consequences attendant on that condition. He (Mr. Brougham) would earnestly recommend the petition to
In this point of view the existence of the Association should be the attentive consideration of the House, at* implore them not to
rather desired than lamented. The Honourable Gentleman (Col. refuse some prayer of which they would approve, because it was
Trench) who had spoken with so much severity against the Asso- accompanied with some other of which they dmapproved.—not to
elation, had not been a very constant resident in that country. He reject it on amount of the tone in which it may have been couched,
(Mr. Fitzgerald) could remember the time when he had different and least of all not to fall into that silliest of all errors, not as en-
feelings on these subjects, and he could easily excuse him if, at the tannin it favourably because it may cwt fully satisfy those for whose
present, he did not entirely tome up to the warm feelings. of Mr. benefit it was intended.
ed (Heatr,
he tone
certain parts of tbe pit-
o hear.)
O'Connell, who was a daily eye-witness of the oppression inflicted General FORD object tof
on his countrymen, and who was naturally indignant at being shut Lion, and said, that what it stated with regard to the appointment
out from those privileges, to which his talents and station in society of jurors in Ulster he couid safely undertake to contradict.
entitled him. The Ifonourable Gentleman proceeded to vindicate Mr. BROUGHAM said that the petition was couched in a tone
against him, and of cautious respect, as to the part that misted to the Heir Pre-
coMmr.pOlaTt°endnofell them unce:minasschana:fe:vapnret preferred
ddecency in throwing somptive to the Crown. The petitioners stated they disbelieved
obloquy on gentlemen who were not present to defend themselves. the assertion made respecting that illustrious personage. At the
Colonel TRENCH regretted that be named any individual. same time he would contend for the right of a British subject, in
His mode of stating his opinion is that point of view was, he would petition to that House, to denounce the conduct of the Heir Pte.
ethnic, a clumsy one. The opinions themselves, however, he would sumptive if he thought proper to do so.
not retract or vary. He was impressed with a conviction of the The petition was then read by the clerk and ordered to be
mischiefs which the Association worked. To the Catholic question printed.
he had madean early sacrifice in 1812. by voting for it—he did so Mt. BROUGHAM then presented sevens pitisious from Ken.
when he was fresh from College, and had not the advantages of did, praying for an investigation of the case of Mr. Smith, the
knowledge that experience since gave hint; his vote was then missionary.
formed on principles of general policy ; but since he became pm- The Honourable Member also presented a petition from Drag-
sessed of property in Ireland, and nit-creed the state and condition I heda, praying for some 'ltemise in the corporation of that town.
of the Catholic population, he entertained opinions hostile to Ca- I hoed MILTON presented a petition front t•liiiden against negr.i
tholic views. In refutation of what had been said by the Hon. slavery.
Gentleman (Mr. M. Fitzgerald) he begged to say, that he did reside On the motion of Mr. S. WORTLEY, the report of the COM.
part of every year in Ireland. and lie would put his tenants mitten on the Game Laws was brought up, and on the question that
some
ot upetitim with those of the Hon. Member, for the prosperity it be reconsiderol,
and comforts they enjoyed. (Hear, hear.) If the Catholic people Sir J. 811ELL'EY moved that the further oonsidetation be &-
I were an educated people, then, indeed, his opinions might undergo fared to thi.. &it six months.
some modification as to the propriety of extending the privilege of Mr. A. S M I'lll hoped the Honourable Gentleman who beim&
the Constitution to them ; but when he saw them under the Milli- forward the Bill would withdraw it altogether.
mice of a priesthood—when he saw their state of ignorance, which Mr. LOCKHART said, he should give his most decided oppin
made diem more easily the dupes of designing persons—when he aition to that part of the Mil which made game property, and te-
saw them controlled and regulated in all their opinions by an art- longing only to the Lord of the Manor. He thought the right. if
ful, cunning, and political demagogue, his opinion on the expediency given, would lead to never:ending litigation. The Bill had 3-
of seceding to the claims they deinanded, a as totally changed from ready gone through three or four Committees to be revised, and she
what it had been. These were his sentiments. lie was incapable minority against it had increased at each stage.
of shaving any want of decency in speaking of any 31einber out of A. Me stantin whose name we could not learn, • that he couhi
that House. As a Member of Parliament, he had a right to speak not agree with the Hon. Member (Mr. Lockhart) in nab-
-1 of the influence of the public conduct of others, however great may surd to consider game as private property.
be their talents. At all events, the sentiments he had that night Mr. W. PELL thought the Bill tended to increase, and, DI
uttered, he would be always ready as a man and a gentleman to diminish, the number of poachers; and that itwould give nst
avow.
innumerable disputes. Ile was so satisfied of the impolicy
Mr. HUTCHINSON rose to deny, on the part of the Catholics the measure, that he would vote for the amend-menu of the flon.
of Ireland. the justice of the character which the Honourable Member.
Member who had just sat down had given them. (Hear, hear.) I Mr. 110 RACE TWIAS looked upon the Bill, notes a qceidea
Ile did not know in what part of Ireland that lion. Member re- I of game and property, but as :one of crime and punishment. lie
sided, neither did it matter to him to know where his estate lay, or did not believe, that, if the sal: of game were sanctioned be
the extent of property he enjoyed ; but of this I.e won satisfied, that • the gentlemen of England would enter into ouch a :mg-. i•
the Hon. nleutber did not pniess anyproperty which could entitle I should be remembered, that necortling to the evidence-taken lientr,
him to pronounce the unqualified libel hie had that night uttered ; the Committee, game, which was shot, was not so good as th;
anainst the Catholic population of Ireland. (Hear, hear, how.), which was caught in snares and this atone would be a gnat
On what authority dia tile Hon. Member make such a statement ? tation pica s. By tne i1:11, the person who was ferment
{rah what pressf was he prepared to sustain its (ti sear, her.) guilty of but a misdemeanour, was ttans:atcd t the r..:A. of :
If he was poweased of such information, it stet his duty to go be. I felon ; and, although in the former e.r. he wan shooedl9'
tore the Committee to which it was proposed to refer the present' portent privilege of employing Connsel in the Wt."' this
petition, and to prove it benne them. (Hear, hear.) of Mr. O'Con. vantage was denied him. It was his opinion the Bill could tn.'
of his lion. Faritareidou,hesethatmtor.heretiardtaschihnalsoimmnsn)(3worrf. ep(malunkindeion,ttelntialireasnhtieanbead.
seinAl4;iarMt.MMEn
suwtippoi=redo tmehtheelwlaiille
nell, who had been referred to, he would add hi. testimony to that escape doing mischief by doing nothing.
ILL
gfourealiashcmidtiionnsthl
Hon. Member (Colonel Trench). Ile was not, any more than his I trespass could, in default of papa'
his best friends. He was anxious to bear this testimony in favour I Sir. J. till ITH said that he found a clause in the Bill not sr:-
of his friend, and to enter his protest against the statement of the ; logous to the law of England, that by which any body committing
110 n. Friend, prepared to definid all the indiscretions of the Ca. ! ,milted hill.
not learn. made a few en
to prison and to hard labour. He could show many insu'"',
tholic Association. Be regretted, nay, he condemned these hulls. in which tase who are born and educated * plait:Malt gailPt
g a small ssum of money, bee
_rot.re;

subject to this punishment. he:ause in the course of a mile tite9 I num, in his exile at Gibraltar. Little reliance can be
might nesTia* on the lands of twenty persons. and incur apenslty I
- 1901 which many hal (*.pay otfic, r, and others might be totally I attached to the prejudiced statements of this slavish organ
of •
unable to pay. If the lion. Member fur Yorkshire would strike ,of unmitigated tyranny. Its trade at present is to slander
out the words "hard labour," he would vote for the Bill, notwith. I
and .
, denounce every individual connected with Revolution
standing there were some other objectionable points ; but he could
not consent to the infliction of such a punishment, which would in that wretched country.—The Mon dear, of Sunday,
bring with it disgrace, for so tritiing an offence. quoting from its ally, the Etude, states, that the boy, Don
Mr. PEEL said, that the Hon. Gentleman (Mr. Twits) appeared !
to think that the Bill before the Howe WS' calculated to increase . Miguel, who, with his vile mother, had caused so much
posching : he hatkused an. expression, that " poaching was the
bet
of
allairee. , and his observations on this proverbial ea_ : alarm and agitation in Lisbon, had unwillingly embarked
so
rression were directly adverse_ to his argument. lie had also stated, lin a frigate for this country, and that the Queen was eon-
tiered good in the market, I
i fined in the Convent of Estrella. The Patriarch who sup-
btiftrinfew(iMicrl.l;eaelrunerterwirsind"terstoicTa Ito be the case: and he be-
lived the greater part of the game killed by the plaehers was ! ported this wicked woman's plans, was banished to ilusaco.
OW in this way. it was his opinion that more rune would be '
I and the Ttiumvirate having been disposed of, Don John re-
breagbt into the market, because there would be more inducement
to Weed and preserve game. He could not conceive why Gentle- turned to his palace at Bernposta, on the 13th, and every
wen should scruple to sell hares, who did not hesitate to dispose of thing was then tranquil in Lisbon.—The Allgemeine Zeiturcr,
rabbits because the sale was legal. lie thought the grand object of
the Bill was to enable persons to compete in the market on fair I received by us last night, I.as accounts from Constanti-
tams against the poachers. Ile should therefore vote for the re- I
I nople' to the 45th of April. The state that the Turkish
(manual of the Bill.
Lord MILTON thought that the Bill, instead of lessening the . fleet sailed for the Dardanelles on the 23d, and that the
number of poachers would increase it, because adding so greatly to
pro., Capital' l'acha had been visited, previous to his sailing,
those who woold breed game. He wished that the laws which
hibited the sale of game were repealed, because they were impolitic 'by all the Ministers. The fleet was said to be manned
and unjust; but it would not be wise, be contended, to go any fur- 1 with a levy of 3000 Janissaries, and was accompanied some
thee until the effect of this measure were ascertained. 1
Colowd. WOOD supported the Bill, because he wished to put a I distance by the Sultan, who had given 100 purses, and
step to poaching; . . valuables, to the Capitan Paclia's encouragement.
Dlr. S. WI HI I' I.LY t
he observed, that if his measure I many
were now to be defeated he would again bring the subject forward Notwithstanding all these preparations, the present cam-
nest session. paign against the Christians will more than probably have
The House then divided—
For the motion, 103 ; Against it, 120; Majority, 17. the same result as the last. The prayers and wishes of all
The Bill was consequently lost. Europe attend the devoted Greeks : their cause is a sacred
Mr. S. WORTLEY (we understood) gave notice of a motion
Mr the alteration of the Game haws for the tint day of the next one, and most popular all through Europe.

SLAW OF MERCHANTS AMENDMENT BILL.
On our re-entry into the gallery, we found the House in a dis-
cussion on the Law of Merchants Amendment BilL
Mr. SCAV I rTT and Mr. J. SMITH opposed the Bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON supported it.
After a few words from Mr. FARRAND,
The Bill was read a third time and passed.
SAVINGS BANKS 1111,1..
Oa the motion of the CHANCELLORof the EXCHEWER,
this Bill was re-committed. The clauses relating to Friendly So-
cieties and Charitable Institutions were struck out.
The CHANCELLOR of the .EXC HEQUER said it had been
suggested to him that the sum fixed for the first deposit should be
extended to 10W. instead of ra.
Mr. HUME advised the Right lion. Gentleman t adhere to the
original sum.
Mr. Olprs was of the same opinion.
Tire Report was ordered to be received to-day.
HIDES AND SKINS BILL.
On the third reading of this Bill,
General GASCOY NE rose to oppose He would not sufKr it
talons without taking the sense of the House upon it.
Sir R. FIRGIIIISON and Mr. Lt•sitiNOTON StirpoitC4 the Bill.
Toe House then divided—
FM the third reading, 34; Against it, 1 • Majority, 33.
The Bill was then read a third time and pas;ted.
The other orders of the day were then disposed of, and the House
adjourned at Itali-past Two.

The entire attention of both Houses last night was al-
most wholly occupied by discussions relating to the Roman
Catholics of Ireland. Mr. Plunkett presented in the House
of Commons, early in the evening, a petition from the
Irish Catholics, signed by about eighteen hundred names.
This document was ably and temperately drawn up, and
simply prayed for relief from the numerous disabilities that
still oppress the body. Mr. Plunkett read several extracts
' from the petition, the entire of which, with the exception
of one paragraph reflecting on the Established Clergy, had
(the Right Honourable Gentleman stated) his full con-
currence. Mr. Plunkett said he was particularly anxious
to be understood as presenting the petition only from those
I who signed it, and as disclaiming all connection with
any assembly sitting in Dublin, and assuming to re-
present the body at large. The Right Honourable Gentle-
man exprt..sseti his intention not to found any motion on
the petition during the present Session. He had come
to that resolution, he said, after the best consideration,
and after consulting with the most influential and attached
friends the Catholics possessed. Two petitions besides
were presented from the same body, by Earl Grey, in the
Upper House, and Mr. Brougham in the Lower. They
prayed a Reform in the Church establishment of Ireland,
the disfranchisement of Corporations, a change in the
Magistracy and Jury system, and concluded by praying
relief from their civil disabilities on the score of religion.
Nothing could be more ill-judged than these petitions;
they produced no effect, and passed without discussion, or
any ulterior measure being founded on them. Earl Grey
and Mr. Brougham both expressed their disapproval of a
part of both these documents. The Catholics can gain
nothing by violence, and indiscretion marked these
appeals.

NOTICES OF MOTIONS THIS D.‘l".
Mr. Betwagherri—Proceedings against Mr. John Smith, late .Mis-
sinner), at DCMITItta.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
1. 17sury Laws Forfeiture Bill—Second Rmi eading.
Y. Lancaster Couuty Courts Bill--Comttee.
3. Fisheries TRW—Further Consideration of Report.
.4. Butter Trade (Ireland) Bill—Second Reading.
5. Silk Manufacturers Wages Bill—Connittee.
.41.. Grand Jury Presentments Bill—Committee.
7. COODOT Benefices Bill—Second Reading.

nucEs OF BRITISH
lonkStock 229 A
11 per Cent lteduced, 931 i
3 per Cent. Cons. 9411
.01d3; per Cent: 1.71
New ?e peiCent: I
Apex Lent. 1973 107
Long Ann. WI 1-16
Imperil! 3 per Cents.
-Bank for Act.
Coos. for Act. 951 94 95
India Stock

STOCKS VESTE RDA V.
India Bonds, 77 79 pm
India for Account,
South Sea Stock
South Sea Old Annuities
South Sea New• Annuities
Ex. Bills, 1,0001.21 28 18 pm
Ditto, Croo/. !8 pm
Ditto, Small, 30 22 pm
Indorsed ditto,
Lottery Tickets

PRICES OF FOREIGN !
Austrian Bonds 951
Ditto Acct. 954
Chlban Bonds 74 st 2
Ditto Acct. 73
•,esiotub.Bonds 8314111 i MI 80
Ditto Acct. 81 1 1
Ditto Setip I* 101 9 1 31
dis
Ditto Aces I t K ft 2 it 81 2/
dis
Danish Bonds
Ditto Marks Banco
Greek Scrip 8 9 dis
Ditto Acet.
Mexican Bonds 601 WI! •
Ditto Scrip 21, 1 1 i.t 4pm per
1 pm 1 dr par
Ditto Acct. 21 2 11 01 pm
par pm 1 dis

STOCKS YESTERDAY.
Peruvian Bonds
Ditto Scrip 14 dis
Ditto Acc. St dis
Portuguese Bonds 931 a 41
Ditto Acct.
Prussian Bonds 97i
Ditto Acct.
Ditto Bonds (1922)
Russian Ben& Vh i i 4i 61
Dittoi Acct. 9si I
Span. Cons. 2*' 120
Ditto Acct. 201 1
Anglo-Mexican Mines
United Mexican Mines
r French }lentos 1031. 1021. boc.
Exchange 25f. 41c. 40c.
Ditto Scrip 161 16,1 i l poi
I Exchange

ASRIVED: 1 Hamburgh, I Holland, I Flanders, I French.
1:01:1: : BMUS, fiattAbUref, I Flarnburgh.

Orittlitt freols

TIN CIS THEATRE.
Thus Evening. TUESDAY, June 1, will be performed
TANCREDI.
Priseipal Performers :—Madause Ronal de Bernie. Signor Curlnn'.
Signor Bement. Signora Oreslad, Signor Crivelli. and Madame Pasta.
End of the era set the Divertissement of
L'OFFRANDE AUX OR WT....
After the Opera the Di
DUve rtissement Ballet of
LA NOCE VILLAGE-
NEW THEATRE-R, DRURY-LANE.
OR THE RENEVIT OF MISS STEPHENs.
This Evening. TUESDAY, Juno 1, will be performed
THE COMEDY OP ICRROIRS.
ANlOhslb of Ephesus. Mr. Horn t Antiphons of Syracuse, Mr. Pen.
ley; D_-
ramto of Ephesus. Mr. Harley t Drondo of Syracuse, Mr. Lis-
ton. rim, 11 sts Stephan; Lindens, Madame Yestrts.
After which, A GRAND CONCERT.
To conclude with NO SONG NO SUPPER.
Engler. Mr. Harley ; Margaretta, Miss Stephens.

THEATRE ROYAL, COVENT-GARDEN.
This EVOIIIIIII. TUESDAY, June I, will be perfornwd
CHARLES THE SECOND; or, THE MERIt'. MONARCH.
King Charles the Second, Mr. C. Kemple; Lord Rochester, Mr. Junes ;
EaAida CoPp, Mr. Fawcett; Mary, Miss M. Tree.
After which,
COZENING; OR, lIALF AN HOUR IN FRANCE.
To conclude with
CLARI.
The Duke Vivaldi, Mr. Abbott; Ratan" Mr. Fawcett; cue. Mips
Tree; Vespina, Miss Love.
To-morrow. Pride shall have a Fall, with The Irish Tutor, and
The Mauler of the Alps.

NEW SURREY THEATRE.
THIS EVENING, and &wink the Week. the mekb-Drama of
JOHN UV LORNE AND lIEL AROVLE.
After which,EN
MULUCA AND THE RIVAL
conclude with WARRIoRS; or, The TIGER lIUNT.
To
.HATE; or. THE CATARWT OF THE MOUNTAIN.

ROYAL GARDENS, VAUXHALL.
Under the Especial Patronage of his %aplenty.
The Proprietors respectfully announce, that the Entertainments,
which paw such high satisfaction last night. will be REPEATED
To-tIORRoW and FRIDAY EVENING NEXT.
Admladas Cards for the season, for one or more persons, may be
had at the Royal Gardena, and of Penton and Co. Skulk Warehoune,
Strand; Clementl and Co. Musk Warehou-e. Cheapoide; at the
altwleal Saloon, 136, Regent-street; of the London Genuine Tea Com-
pany, 99, Ludgate-hill, 8. Charing-crum, and 148, Uxford.street ; and
of the London Wine Company, 141, Fl4et4treet.
Sapper Boxes may be engaged.—. Admission 3s. lid.

The BRITISH Pans commenced publishing yesterday morning
at tire o'clock.

LONDON, TUESDAY, Jusz 1, 1821.
___......--.

The Paris Papers of Saturday, and the Etoile of Sunday,
embed our office yesterday evening by express. They
are almost wholly occupied with the lengthened debates on
the ministerial law for septennial elections in France. The
law of recruiting, arid that for the reduction of the Renter,
were still pending in the Upper Chamber. Prince Polignac,
Ambassador to this Court, bad arrived in Paris, and the
usual speculation attended his coming—the whispers of the
salons immeilistely him a place in the French 111i-
nistry.Ferdinand's merciful amnesty had at length been
published. Friday's le,s this precious document at
.iengtb : it is, in every sentence, a tiecree of almost sweep-
ing proscription. The inis..q.Ls of famine, to crown the
wretchedness cf that unhappy country, were crowding on
Spain : a scarcity of corn prevailed, and the vile police
were busy in the different towns, arresting alleged
monopolists. The Gaulle de Madrid states, that Lopez
Banos, Minister at War under the Constitutional
system, had committed suicide, by swallowing lauds'

doubt ; and he should always be ready to give it
his warmest support, from a conviction that the con-
cession was equally necessary to the tranquillity of Ire-
land, and to the strength and security of the empire at
large. Mr. Plunkett's address was decisive, and met by
cheers throughout the llouse. We never heard the Right
lion. Gentleman more impressive, or produce greater ef-
fect, than he did list night. .After some further discus-
sion, Mr. Canning rose, and pretested against the appeal the
Right Hon. Mover of the petition had thought proper to
make that night to Ministers. Ile would not (the Right,
lion. Secretary said) suffer himself to be urged to any
sudden declaration of opinion, by any unwarrantable call
of such a description, on the mere presentation of a pass-,
ing petition. It was not for hint or his Right Hon. Friends
around him, hastily to pronounce an inconsiderate opinion
on a question which, after all, was one of law, and on
which, if necessary, neither he nor they would act, until
they had consulted the Law-Off cers of the Crown. The
Right lion. Secretary expressed his feelings cn the injury
likely to accrue to the great question of Catholic Emancipa-
tion, from the unreflecting violence and indisaetion ef
leading individuals among that body in Ireland. It was not
for him to say whether they had violated the existing law
by their proceedings; but he could not sanction the de-
mand for new enactments, made by the Hon. Mover. Pro-
scriptive laws of this sort should, he thought, only be con-
ceded from imperious neceasity,and with the greatest caution.
The discussion on this question lasted several hours, and
did not close until nine o'clock, Mr. Brownlow's petition
was then laid on the table, and ordered to be printed ;
and after some explauatiuu front the Speaker, the lion.
Member gave notice of a motion, for this evening, to re-
fer it to the Committee up stairs, appointed to report on
the state of the disturbed districts in Ireland. We have
ourselves for some months past repeatedly regretted the
indiscretions committed by the leading members of the
Catholic Association of Ireland, and expressed our opinion
that ill-considered violence of this sort was only calcu-
lated to raise up a host of powerful enemies, and defitat the
best hopes of the Catholic Body. Mr. O'Connell, Mr. Vie],
and othet members of that assembly, possess unquestion-
able talents, and we only regret that their zeal has not
been tempered with more judgment and discretion. Such
a course would have saved them the dangerous dis-
cussion of last night, which in its effects must be most
injurious.

The Game Bill, introduced by Mr. Stuart Wortley, was
lost, for the present Session, last night, by a majority of 17,
103 voting, on a division, in favour of it, and 120 against.
Such is the fate of almost every measure innovating on an-
cient usage, however mischievous at first. Mr. Stuart
Wortley, on the result being known, declared his intention
of renewing the proposition the first thing next Session.

WINDSOR. May 31.—The King, accompanied by his
usual suite, took an airing for a considerable length of
time this morning, on account of the fineness of the wea-
ther, through the extensive Ades in Windsor Great Park.
His Majesty, as usual, called at the Royal Lodge.
Yesterday the Duke of York dined, with Mr. Green-
wood, at his house in Audlev-square, where there was
a numerous party of distinguished characters to meet his
Royal Highness.
On Sunday the Duchess of Clarence dined with the Du-
chess of Kent, at her apartments in the King's Palace,
Kensington.
The Duchesses of Kent and Gloucester, Prince Leopold,
Princess FONIOT, the Prince of Leiningen, and Prince
Constantine Lewittein, paid visits to the Duchess of Cla-
rence yesterday.
Yesterday the Princess Augusta and the Duchess of
Gloucester took several rides round the Regent's Park and
its neighbourhood.
The Rev. Mr. Kere will be consecrated on Sunday next,
by the Archbishop of Kerr.
Bishop of Winchester,
at Lambeth Palace.
On Saturday last, the 29th May, were interred at Erith
parish church, in the county of Kent, the remains of the
Honourable S. E. Eardley, only son of the Right Hon.
Lord Eardley, than whom none can be snore, or more de-
aervedly, lamented,—for his whole life was one continue('
series of benevolence and charity towards others.
ARTISTS' GENERAL BENEVOLENT INVTITUTION.---111
our report of the Anniversary Festival of this Institution,
we mentioned thit Sir Thomas Clirke sat to the right
hand of the Chairman. We find that we had misunder-
stood the name, and that it was Sir Robert Farquhar (son
of the late Sir ralter Farquhar), and well known as many
years able Governor of the island of the Mauritius, who
occupied that station, and whose health was drunk in the
course of the evening. We had also, in part, mistaken the
object of the society, which is " the relief of distressed
Artists, whose works are esteemed by the public, and their
widows and orphans."
On Sunday last a young man, named John Lee, read
his recantation fromPopery, at the church of St. Mary
Somerset, in Upper Thames-street. He read a long written
address, which, he said, convinced "his feelings" on this
occasion, and what was rather more important, he stated
that he delivered it "by permission" of the Ecclesiastical
Authorities. The appearance and manner of the indivi-
dual was that of the lower class of Irishmen, bis pronunci-
ation illiterate, and his accent the Munster Irish brogue.
He concluded a coarse and vulgar anathema against the
Roman Catholic religion, by a player for the deluded, and,
to crown the whole, said, that he came to England with a
letter of introduction to a Clergyman, from the Champion
of the Protestant Church, the Rev. Sir Harcourt Lees.
Letters from Constantinople of the 26th, and from
Smyrna, dated 17th April, were yesterday received. The
Turkish fleet, with the Pacha on board, had sailed from
the Dardanelles. His Majesty's ships Euryalus, Martin,
, and Rose, were in the port of Smyrna on the 17th ult.
be

The presenting a petition by Mr. Brownlow, the Mem-
ber for Armagh, against the continuance of the political
body which has sate for some months under the name of
the Catholic Association, in Dublin, led, last night, to a
protracted and a stormy discussion. Mr. Brownlow intro-
duced the petition, which he drew from his pocket, with
twenty names attached to it, with a speech of considerable
length and great warmth. He charged the Association in
question with usurping the authority of Parliament, and
fettering the freedom of speech within the very walls where
he then sate. They had (the lion. Member said) their
iregular meetings and adjournments ; they gave notices of
their motions, and hail protracted debates upon them
they assessed the peasantry by their authority, and pre-
tended to levy money in every parish throughout the king.
dom ; they published the most violent speeches, thus in-
flaming the feelings of the people, and keeping alive the
spirit of discord and sedition. Mr. Brownlow appealed
with great warmth to the first Law Officer for Ireland, and
called on his Majesty's Ministers to put down the
Association, whose proceedings hail become so danger.
ous to the peak: of that kingdom. Ile did not know,
he said, whether the existing law (the 33d of the
late King) was sufficient for that purpose, or whether
this body came within its provisions; but if they were
enabled, by the aid of those who were its leading
members, to evade it, he hoped a statute would be forth-
with prepared to meet the contingency, and suppress their
sittings. Ile called on the Attorney-Geueral for Ireland
to state whether the Catholic Association was a legal body,
and if not, to act decisively against them. The Right
Hon. Gentleman had (Mr. Brownlow said) been most ac-
tive in arraying the whole terrors of the law against the
bottle-throwers in Dublin, and he hoped his career of
office would be at least one of even-handed justice. In the'
course of his address, the lion. Member complained of his
expressions on a former occasion having been misrepre-
sented, when alluding to the two associations of the Orange
and Ribbon parties in Ireland. He bad then condemned,
he stated, the processions of either party as productive of
violence and sanguinary contests ; but he was himself,
lion. Gentleman said, an admitted Orangeman, and FASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.
did not and could not disapprove of the objects of that As- The Archbishop of Canterbury entertained a large party at din-
sociation, which he knew to be most moderate and consti- ne&iacestraciror lAnortbetheral= a distinguished party at dinner
tutional. When the lion. Member for Armagh closed his yesterday, at his house in Grosvenor-square.
• t Hampden had a dinner part
in
address, Mr. Plunkett rose, and in a most masterly reply, d.l
am/VUTinett, 0,06VC11111 RUST! yesterday, at
his
house
. n the evening her Ladyship
defended himself from the aspersions Mr. Brownlow had entertained a select circle-of fashionable'.
thought proper to throw out against ham. He would not, ofTitceheammiandrtheearesharPt°,ll,6ea:d7tsasedectthe Dowager
Viearhipo,lness„,
he said, be provoked to declare, by any unwarrantable call at dinner yesterday, at her house in Bruton-street, Berkele7.
the lion. Member might unfairly press upon him, what "Illareen.ry Clive, Esq. hail a dinner party yesterday, at his house in
course he meant to pursue with respect to the Dublin Asso- New.stmet,
for Sprin_g-gardens.
ciation—he thought their proceedings required to be The Earl a
and Countess of Mansfield have issued cards of invite-
! the Oth of June, at their house in Great Stan_
watched with the greatest vigilance, and if that body hope-street, May.fair.
he: house
aertaiiynrdanailoanrgew=ywat dinner
e on Saturday, at
violated the law, he would not be found wanting in theiGallo-
execution of his duty—lie would exercise no left-handed way, Lady Moneeti!he'EaniofgLamerick, Viscount Carleton, Vis-
justice in Ireland, while filling his present silos- rituanutvlc!orwnEes,qCoilconc.eliainerd Mrs. Burton, az:Mrs Gordon, Benyonde
issued cards of invitation
Lion. The Member for Armagh had taunted him fur her first gr.and Assembly on the 16th June.
with his official conduct on a former occasion, and had
on thelly2.4lSieuirfut:, at her has .
issued
I;,oaLiin-ivaintaetl. on fora grand bail,
ventured to avow himself in the face of that House a byees Graham, 8
art. entertained the Earl and Countess of
yesterday, at his house in
member of the Orange Faction—an Association notoriously Itortiasiri d a large party at dinner
ace
illegal, from whose meetings so many outrages and mur- The Countess of Dartmouth had a large party at dinner yester-
dere had proceeded. He could only say, that if the Hon. dai;:i Led hair inyvier.keleYß'•el"rt -
inck left town yesterday by the
Member would furnish him with evidence as to the meet- steam packet. for yCalais, on their way to Germany.
ings of that body, and his connection with it, he would General Ord left mlrveerireuty'yt" yesterday in
pledge himself to adopt instant proceedings, not only Sir Robert Bmwnrigg, Bart. left town yesterday for his seat,'
against the Orange Lodges,
but also against the Member
mild Mrs. Steers arrived yesterday at the Water-
for Armagh himself. He (Mr. Plunkett) was convinced' boo Hotel, Jennyn.street. from their seat in surrey. Colonel and
that the proceedings of the Association in question did M ThlLrAlanutraffurs.ke .Btronge
_wnrsktefitnikantflorfatuniyr lieitsveeinarrrettlanatdtheir sew
Much to inflame and spread discontent in Ireland ; and residence in St. James a-square? from their rest, Blackheath. 'I
were even snore instrumental, to Lis serious regret, in in- lard Charles Earl Idly hwuwaaneienlteksbat Thleoe1;10., Betel, Berkeley.
juring their own great cause. His sentiments, as respected square, from Northamptoashire. Countess Somers and Lady Mary
t—f :Mond
that question, were (Mr. Plunkett said) unehanged. He ColfrlliveLleaft,tl;ifriett ?Tryfyeini4lei4llwa °B1d,:lot
had adopted them on no light grounds—they were Grey, from Paris; M. Grey, Esq. from Dublin ; Mr. and Mrs.
the result of deep end serious conviction. 'flat the late:t: froileilartauTesuri 111. 41:01itinte:riothr ggsfiattonin;
question Would yet be carried, be hail no manner of Cnwin, Esq. for Tunbridge Wells.
