PARLIAMENTARY INTELLIGENCE.

HOUSE OF LORDS, W _S, _ EDNIUDAY, FicanaaaY 16.

MR. RENWICK.
Mr. pentium, and other Members from the moues of enenmmte,
sought up a message from that House, requesting their Lordships
to ellnw Lord Middleton to be examined befnre a Committee of tbe
House of Comnions, touching the charges against Mr. Remick.
Lord tiIIfPFORD intormed the f.ent!emen their Lordships
would rend an anima to the House of Commons by a measenpr of
their own.

SLAVERY.
The Earl of 11/CHEST Eh presented a petition from the inlia-
triterts of St. Neot's. praying for the abolition of slavery.
IRISH POOR LAWS.
The Earl of DARNLEY rose fur the purpose of adverting to
some obeervations made upon a former occasion relative to the im-
ponant subject of introducing poor laws into Ireland. There was
a Noble Friend (the Earl of Limerick) near him who he believed
entertained a strong aversion to the attempt of introducing any such
measure into Ireland. It was not his intention to transfer the Eng.
I'm system to Ireland, but he could not see any country in which
starvation existed without endeavouring to relieve it. It was only
Mfg day he saw in one of the newspapers an account of a death in
that country by starvation, and it was a most unfortunate truthahat
Guth-Instances 'are very common. His loniship would therefore
peess upon their Lordships the necessity of adopting some remedy
fur this evil. The subject had been introduced upon a former ou.
evasion by a Noble Lord (Cathay) whom he did not now see in his
piece; that Noble Lord had pledged himself during the last Sett.
won of Parliament to bring in some measure for the relief of the
Irish poor, and he sincerely hoped the Noble lord would item-
wore in his intention. His Lordship wished now .o state, that un-
less the measure were persevered in. he would proyose something
on the subject to their Lordships. It was a subject of vital im.
portance to that country. and although he felt that the English
aratem of poor laws could not be extended to Ireland, he still hoped
their lordships would adopt some modified system. to relieve in
some degree the sufferings of the unfortunate porn of Ireland.
The Earl of LIMERICK was astonished that any Noble Lord
should at this time agitate a subject fraught with such serious con-
sequences as the introduction of poor laws into Ireland ; and he
was the more surprised at its coming atom a person of the Node
Earl's property and experience in that country. An extract froth a
newspaper was not sufficient authority to act upon ; and for one
such account from Ireland, the Noble Earl might have met meny
respecting England. A few such instances were not sufficient to
justify their Lordships in enacting a law so impoverishing as the '
poor laws would be in Ireland. He would refer the Noble Earl to
an article by an eminent writer on political economy. who attributes
idleness, poverty, and distress to the operation of the poor laws In
England. But in Ireland more especially they would hate the most
unpoverishing and demoralising effects. Nothing was more likely
to induce early marriages. The poor would then increase their fa-
milies. looking to the poor laws lot support. There would be such
an increase of population as must be a curse in that country. No-
thing more mischievous than the poor laws could be applied to
Ireland. There had been many forfeitures there ; but the num-
nure spoken of would amount to a mend forfeiture. At one time
fiveu6ghthe, at another six-eighths of the property had been for-
feited ; but this would amount to ono general act of forfeiture.
The Earl of DARNLEY assured the Noble Lotd that he had
entirely misunderstood him. It never was his intention to trans.
ter the English system of poor laws; but his Lordship's wish was
to bring the subject under their Lordships' most serioui consider-
'lion. with a view and hope of devising some scheme of relief for
the unfortunate peasantry of Ireland. Ile could not propose or
oollitent to any measure likely to be detrimental to the interest of
that country.

CORN LAWS.
The Earl of LAITDERDALE presented a petition from certain
inhabitants of the town of tuilington, in Devonshire, in favour of
she Corn Laws. The Noble Earl did not coincide with the wishes
(lithe petitioesrs.

SMALL NOTES.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE wished to oaks some inquiries
en the subject of small bank notes. As an inh►bitant of Scotland
Oa wished to know whether it was Intended to extend the measure
ACM in progress through Parliament to Scotland : and if there wets
any such intention on the part of his Majesty's Ministers, s hat
✓MS was it proposed to imminence.
Lord BEXLEY, in answer to the Noble Earl, stated that at pre.
MK there was nn such intcntlnn on the part of his Illsjesiy's
lusters Ilia Noble Friend (the First Lord of the Treasury) would
in ■ 'hurt time explain to the House the couese which was la-
lorded to be pursued.
The Earl of LAU DERD.ILE said, that on a subject of so much
impor:anca he woe most anxious to ascertain the probable time
w:.en it was intended to withdraw the small notes horn Scotland,
where a deep Interest was fel: upon the subject.
Lord BEXLEY said he was Dot competent to give soy further
answer.

The Duke of ATHOLL would not at present enter into any dis-
cussion of the measure; but when the subject should be introduced
he would be prepared to prove the mischievous trndency of any
"mature altering the present currency of bcAuland.
Earl of LI M 1:ItICK hoped that s hen the small motes were
so be withdrawn from circulation in Ireland, care would be taken
to procure an adequate amount of gold to supply the place of them.
In the south end south-west of Ireland the circulation cons;sted
Venom exclusively of small notes, anti any sudden measure respect-
Oig them might be most injurious to the interests of the country.
A Gentleman from the Rolls Office brought up a copy of the
Chattel granted to the Bank of England In the reign of William
sod Mary.
Their Lordships than adjourned.
