it wu Only when the Catholic clergy saw educational accompanied
with an attempt at unfair and forced conversion, that they were
found opposed to it. There were two churrhen in Ireland, of which
one hail the flick the other the revenue. (Hear, and a laugh.)
Until Ireland be emancipated it was in vain to hone to pacify Ire.
land. This was promised at the ('nine and ought to be fulfilled.
Until a perfect equality were established between Catholics and
Protestants, he could hepe for no substantial benefit to Ireland.
The motion of his Noble Friend could nu, otherwise be attended
with any beneficial effect. or be productive ofany good, except good
speaking, of which they had beard much in the course of the even-
ing. (A laugh.)
Lord CA RN A !WON adverted to the carious remedies proposed
for the relief of Ireland. One Noble Lord promoted to bless Ire-
land with the poor rates as a piton-ea; another Noble Lord proposal
a totally different 'endear relief ; and, thirdly, a Noble Earl (Lord
Roden) proposed his proactes—the conversion of tux million
people froin the faith to which they have been long and stedfastly
attached. (Hear. hear.) These remedies were not, in his mind,
available to the amelioration of Ireland. The measures adopted by
his Majesty's Ministers were also unavailing and ina.lequate to the
improvement of the situation of the people there. The Noble Lard
then adverted to the invasion or the treaty of Limerick as a futile
source and cause of discontent, and contended, that emancipation
was a necessary mealtime to restore tranquillity to Ireland, The
Noble Earl at the head of the Treasury seemed to think that either
of two measures net.' take place ;—either the people of Ireland
must be induced to adandon the errors of Popery, or the proprietors
of land to embrace them. Ile (Lord Carnarvon) did not contem-
plate the occurrence of either of these causes, but without their
occurrence many of the evils of that country might be relieved and
mitigated. Ile filly concurred with the Noble Earl in the enea.
miastic terms in which lie had spoken of the people of Ireland : a
more noble, generous, and enterprising people, if well governed,
he believed dud not exist, but the people of Ireland had almost only
known us by our persecutions. A different course of policy must be
resorted to, to make them happy. He reg►etted to say, that what-
ever boons Ireland obtained were given when danger was at hand :
but never did a nobler or better principle actuate us in any of the
benefits that England bestowed on that unfortunate country. The
state of Europe was, at present, one that ought to induce this coun-
try to conciliate, by every means in its power, the affections of Ire-
land. With her affections on our side, we might defy the utmost
efforts of all the powers of Earope, should they at any period be
leagued against es ; and it was not now known but that the day
may not be far distant when a state of things would arise which
would require us to husband all our means, and cherish all our re.
sources. But he would wish it better feeling than that of fear to
influence them in their conduct towsnls Ireland, and that they i
would attend to her improvement by a consideration of those ties of I
close connexion by which her interests were inseparably united with
our own, t licsr, hear.) . _ _

The Earful. OAR NLEY rose to reply. After the arguments which
had been so ably advanced by Noble Lordson his side of the House,
and the time he had already occupied, he felt it unnecessary to
trespass at any length on their attention at that advanced period
of the night. He could not forbear, however, from adverting to
the plan of pmselytism which seemed to have the sanction of the
Noble Earl (Lord Roden). in order to assure him that that plan
was impracticable, and that other measures he proposed, were
equally ill calculated and ineffective to produce that amelioration of
the condition of the people which he believed the Noble Lord was
sincerely desirous of effecting. As to the assertion which had been
made is the course of that night's debate, that although the popu.
lation of Ireland was in a proportion of forty.nine Catholics to one
Protestant as to nuinbn, hut taking property as the standard of
estimation, that the proportion would be fifty Protestants to one
Catholic--this was not the case; he could speak particularly of
one county, that of .Meath, where Catholics possessed very consi-
derable property in land. The proportion even at this standard
was not, he would venture to say, gnierally even ten to one. The
investigation was one which he hoped the House would feel itself
bound to enter into, after what they had heard in favour of it ; if
not, the day was fast approaching when the growing evils of Ire-
land would render it necessary and imperative upon them to attend
to the promotion of her interests, and the relief of her distresses.
The House then divided—

Contents fir the motion
Not-contents
Majority against it
Proxies were not tendered on either side.

. 17

.

The House then adjourned at Twelve o'clock.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, THURSDAY, Aran. 8.

Mr. C. WILSON brought in a Bill for amending the pauper
laws relative to lunatics—Read a first time.
NEORO

Mr. SEYMOUR presented a petition, praying for the abolition
of negro slavery.
Similar petitions were presented by Lord STANLEY, from
Warrington, in the county of Lancaster ; by Mr. KIRWAN, from
the inhabitants of Stanmer, in the county of. Cumberland ; and by
Sir T. BARING, from Chippenvichet, in Devonshire.
The petitions were ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
COMBINATION LAWS.

Mr. P. MOORBpresented petitionsfr;; Hythe and other
places, praying for a repeal of the combination laws.
Similar petitions were presented by Mr. T. Ectts, from the work.
log bncklayers of the city of Dublin; and by Mr. Hume, front the
incorporated trades of the town of Aberdeen ; another from the
weavers of Manchester ; and another from the flax-dressers of the
town of Aberdeen.
Referred to the Artisans' Committee.
COUNTY COURTS BILL

Mr. LAM BTo preen petition We; the merchants of
Darlington, in favour of the County Courts Bill—Laid on the
table.
General GASCOVNE presented a petition from Liverpool,
against the County Courts DilL
..-...._ .

'Lord ALTHORP said, that the petition was signed principally
by persons connected with the law.
The petition was laid on the table.
On the motion of Lord ALTIIORP, the House resolved itself
into a Committee on the County Courts BilL
The Bill was read, the House resumed, and the Report was or-
dered to be taken into consideration on Alondar next.
ST. CATHERINE'S DOCKS.

Mr. DENISON presented a petition from—the Trustees of the
Smithfield Roods against the budding of the St. Catherine's Docks.
—Laid on the table.
SHEPHERDS' DO(; t.

Dlr. COURTENXVpresentecia petition from graziers and
others in the county of Dumfries, praying for a repeal of the tax
on shepherds' dogs.—Laid on 'he

THE PRESs IN INDIA.

Mr. LA M on Tuesday, the 25th of
May, he should bring forward his motion relative to the public
press in India.

NEW CHURCHES.

3lr. 0. BENNET presented a petition from the inhabitants of
Newtown and Ilailesworth, against the building of new churches.
31r. PII I Mil PS presented similar petitions from the town of
Reddish and another place in the county of Lancaster.
Laid on the table.
