lament. If you think i should have been better employedlepro-
curing a piece in the Excise for this man, or in the Cussontshe
that man, than in reforming our criminal code and our priatine-sin
mitigating slavery and suppressing the slave trade—vow he wefts
other candidate.—l sit down repeating that I will make no pledge
u to the Catholic question, except that I shall act in the way width
I consider most for the interests of my country and for the Interests
of the Protestant religion, and declaring that, if I am your repre-
sentative in the next Parliament, I shall labour with uocesau).
energy for the abolition of .the slave trade and the gradual octane.
tion of slavery; and if success shall reward our efforts—will you,
or will your children, have reason to repine that you support& e
man who devoted himself, and the influence you gave him, to the
muse of humanity, of his country, and of mankind ? ,
WP:YMOUTII, MARCH 30.--This morning an active/RH-
,
yeas was commenced by Masterton Ure, Esq. on behalf of
himself and the Right Hon. Thomas Wallace, seconape-
nied by a numerous assemblage of freeholders; indeed we
never witnessed so large and respectable a number scowl-
panying any canvass as on the present occasion. We can-
not hut sincerely congratulate the town on the marked sod
positive manner in which the freeholders expressed them-
a-lves, that they were determined to support those Mero-
hers only who were approvers of his present Majesty's Go-
vernmtmt, and decided opposers to any further concessions
to the professors of the Catholic religion.
REPRESENTAI lON OP BVORCESTER.—CoI. Davies at-
rived in this cite on Friday, and commenced his canvass
on Saturday.—Mr. Robinson still continues his canvass.
yesterday afternoon, between four and five o'clock, Lord
Deerhurst made his public entry into this city : his recer
don was most flattering. His Lordship commenced Lis
cantos to-dav; his friends, as well as those of Colonel
Davies and Mr. Robinson, semi confident of success. The
supporters of the lattergentlemsa state, that, in addition to
a very successful canvass in the city, he has a most decided
majority of out-votes. The Colonel's friends appear to be
equally satisfied with the result of their canvass. A severe
contest may be looked for.-11Parcetter Journal.
