Na. VII.

111 awls •r to a letter prospriy adapted to obtain (mat
Cvimeral Hamilton, a dcrlarat. n whether he had charged ca.
Burr with ass particular i na ro of didiolentrable condua, of
had impeached hi. private character, either in the conversltiota,
alluded to by Dr. Coopes. or in any particular instance to be
specified:
He would be able to answer consistently with his hornier and
the truth, in +obit:owe, that the conversatiln to which Dr. Coo•
per alluded, tumid wholly on political topics, and d.tt not and.,
bute to Colonel Burr any instancy of ili,honourable C3n.luAi;
nor relate to his private chareter ; aid in 'dation to anv what
language or conversation of General 11. 'which Col. Burr wilt
specify, a prompt and frank avowal or denial wi-1 b.• given.

On the `26th June, Mr. P. received the following
letter :

Ple. VIII. 4.
SlR—The letter, which you yesterday delivered me, and
your 'subsequent commenmetinit, in Colonel' pun's '
evincc no disoonitiost on the pan.of General Hafnium to corpe .
to a san.fartory accommodation. The inlury complained
and the reparation expected, are so definitely expreamid, in
COlutiot Burr's letter of the 91st instant, that there is nut per-
mired • necessity for fan'oer explanation tot his part. The
difficulty that would result from confining the enquiry to any
particular times and occasions moat be manifest. The dc-
hial of a specified conservation only would Imre strove im-
plications that, on other oteatioir., ,mprver language had twee
wied• im-
plications,
and where in:intones opinions Lid expre,irooll
have been uttenvi by General Hamilton n. ties be bast known I.
him, and of hint only will Colonel Bun enquire No denial
or declaration will be satisfactory; militia it be gen.fral, give
whoUy to eye ode the idea thAt ruttwetr. Reny:dory:to Col.
Burr's honour have origMatel with General Ilan Iton. or Law.
been fairl, inferred front any thing he has s el. A declining
repty•to a definition of this !MOO was cl.rnAndll hr Colnnel
Burr's letter of tire 21$ tit* This Wine refine 4 invite the •
alternative alluded ty in General Hamilton's biter of the 20th.
It wasirestoired by the posaaon ia which the controveggy wag
placed by General I lamilton, on Friday low, sodl was urine.
dud* furnished with a communication denuundbig a pm..
swirl Mt-resew. The nrcesi..tref this ineesere hes not, in the
*Onion of Col. Barr, beep diminished by the Ohneral's List
. .

letter, nr any communication which Ms since beat received. •
I 11111 consequently gain Meru led to deliver you a in..eage,
as sown as it may be eetavadent for you b. nve i•. I bvg„
therefore, you wi I be to toed MI to anfurrn me at w it hour I
can have the pleasure of seeing you.
You, must obedient andorcry humble Servant.
Nathaniel Pendleton, Esq. June 26. W. P. VAN NESS.
•No IX.

SIR,

Suns 26, 1604.

base commelimted the letter which ~u ad me the ho-
nour to write to me of Ills date, to Gene, at Ha-nder. The
expectations now d clued, en the pert of Colonel Barr it!.
pear..te him to here greatly extei.d.d the original grounds ot
eaq airy, and, in•besd Id presenting a porttc.i'sr and dennite ease
for explanation, seem to site at nothing less than an inquiet.
ti.m into hp most confidential conver-ationt, at welt at cabers; •
through :he whole p•rind of hi. eequanirsoce with Co!. Slur.
lc to wee prepared to meet the partrcislir owe fairly and I
fu'ly, he thinks it inadmissible, that he be evp, arid t
answer at 'arse, as to every thing that be mac upside v
said, in Minion to the chamateor steed iwr, at any tune,

1

•
upon anracessiciet. Though he la not conscious, alit any
charges which are in circulatimi, to the prejudice of Col. BUTT,
have originated with him, except one, which may have been
I, considered, and which has been, long since, fully explained
between Col. Burt anti himsslf; yet hi cannot consent to be
questioned generally, As to any mitotic* which may be afloat
derogatory Ise the character of Colonel Burr, without specifi-
cation of the several rumours, many of them prubal un
known to him. He does ttot, however, mean to authorise
any conclusion, as to the real nature of his conduct, in fele-
tiros to Colonel Burr, by hie dietlining so louse and vague a
bola of explanation ; and he disavows an unwillingness to
eerie* to satisfactory, provided it be an honourable accomeam
dation. His objection is the very indefinite ground which
Calomel burr has assumed, in which he is sorry to be able
to diac•.rn nothing short of predeterinined hostility
Pris ttttt Mg, therefore, that it will be adhered to, he has ins
writ -t,.1 ine to receive the message which ton have it ill
charge to deliver I-ur this purpese, I shall he at home, and
at sour command, ie.-morrow morning, (ion, eight to tee
o'Clock. I nave the honour to he, .ohirortfolly,
%our obedient servant,
4 A nfANtEL rENDLEFON.
William P. Van Ness, 1r...i.
No. V.
SIR...The letter which I had the hollow to receive room
- rudeunnearaT Ittierei7lftsve.i;teoniddZi'insit,a Celananikillgtir');llli'air tab .11:1eigia'a thatvry
indefinite gm nor, in which he eviller. nothing short of preac
,ermined hostility, and that General flatuilnin thinks it Marl-
stiontile, that the inquiry should extend to his confidential as
Well as ether conversations. To this Colonel Burr can only
reply, that secret whispers traducing lak fame, and jot eachiog
his licensor, are at lean equally injurious wilt slanders publicly
uttered ; that General H. lied at no time, and :n on place, a
nett to use any such injiirious expressions; and th:.t.thc portal
negative It. i. disposed to :Are, with the teserv:tioiss he a Wits
to make, are !iroofstliat 1w has den* the injury specified.
Colonel Burr's re !urn was, in the first instance, proposed in
• furns Use in 5t.,16111111.., in order that General Ilantiltun might
give to the affair that.cri ,tic t i which hr might be inluted by
los temper and knowledge if facts. Colonel Burr ttusted with
eunfideocis that, tont the Irinknoss of a earlier, and the can-
dour of a gentleman, he might expecten ingenuousdeclaration.
. • That if, as he had reason to believe, General H. hadrueed ex-
s jefraii.ltit deregAol7 to his honor, he would have had the
eisagisanimity to reiract 'lean j nod that if, from his language,
' injurious isiterenee, had b...tia improper!y drawn, he would have
perceived the propriety of correcting criers which might thus'
g hate been widely duWu ed With the, impressions. Cole el
Burr was greatly surprised at receivine a letter, whist ha marl
'item,' as ri .sivp, a.id in a Manner which he deemed not
altogether decorous. In 1::", V1:',..C!.010:i, how• ver. he was not
wholly des.viesd, for the cloaca's-Am. I lain, qui l'i letter contain-
ed
in intiniAtam, that if Ctrl. Ben should dislike his retool to
acknowl Age or deity, he was ready to meet the consequences.
This Cdwael lion deemed a sort of defiance, .and would have
felt justni d in making it the hash of an imbiediate meas,-.ge.
But as the c•tasmonication COOL& illelli Nornalang concernirg the
indefiniteness of the request ; a- he believed it rather the eff
sieiiig of sine mid, than of reflect.on, and Ja he fibs the ut•
or 4' - tic •ave to' -cord to extremities, while any other hone
!e.t.a rag-. '-'O, re.,, r ~* repeated in remis molt explicit.
The •ep es and ;. 0 0111' II a • on the part of General fratuilton
bawdy in Co onel burr's opinion, been constantly in substance
the same.
(;olionei Steer dist-ows all motives of Illtdetermlned hosti-
lity ; a eSser. by which he thin', insult Added to injury. Ile
*wit as a gent!-roan ..ihoold feel when his honour is impeached
er waits,' ; and w.th ,tit atinsati ins ot hostility,or wishes of re-
eeriest* be is det,rm n.ti to void,cate that hunituyat such !ward
OS the nature of the rase demands.
T te. lined to erhich this correspondence has extended, only
tending ti. pr me that the satisfact ny !edreas earnestly desired,
canner be obtained ; he deem& it useless to offer ally proposi-
tion ems,..l tie ample message which, I shall now have the •
tumour to driver. I 1,.... Ina 11411011 T to be,
With 'treat re. met, your obed ent a 4 very humble servant,
Weiliiewlay Moro mi. W P VAN NEIiS.
June 27, IWO.

With this letter, a message was received, such as
was to be expefted, contair.ing an invitation, which
WAS accepted; an! Mr. P. informed Mr. V. N. he
should hear from him the next day, AS to future
tp trticulars.
This letter was delivered to General H. on the
win evening. and a very short conversation ensued
between him and Mr. P. who was to call on him
IMMO morning, for a further conference. When hs.
did en. General H. said he had not understood whe-
ther the message and answer were definitively con
eluded, or whether another Meeting was to take
place for .liat purpose, between Mr. P. and Mr. V.
N. Under the latter impression, and as the last
letter contained matter that naturally led to animad.
version, he gave Mr. P. a paper of remarks, in his
own hand writing. to be communicated to Mr. V.
N. if the state Al the affair rendered it proper.
In the forthee in•erview with Mr. V. N. that day,
after explaining the can•es that had induced Gen.
Hamilton to suppose that the state rt the affair did
not rendet it improper, he offered this paper to Mr.
V. N. hut he declined receiving it, alleging that
he considered the correspondence as closed, by the
acceptance of the menage that I delivered
Mr. P. informed Mr. V. N. of the inducements
Mentioned by General Hamilton in those remarks,
for the postponing the meeting, until the close of
the Circuit ; and, as this was uncertain, Mr. P. was
to let him knew when it would be convenient.
On Friday the 6th July, the Circuit being closed,
Mr. P. gave this information, and that Genetal
flamiltou would be ready at any time after the Sun.
day following. On Monday, the particulars were
arranged, and the public are b t too well acquainted
with the sad result.
The paper above alluded to i. as follows:
No Xi
Remarks on the letter of June :27, 11104.
Whether the observations on this letter he (le-
.igned merely to justify the result which is indicated
in the close ot the letter, or may be intended to
give an opening for rendering any tt.ing
which may have been deemed vague heretofore,
can only be
.; J.igeil of by the sequel. At any
rate, it appear-. to me necessary not to be un-
derstood. Mr. Pendletirn is therefore autho-
rised to say, that in the course of the present dis-
cussion, written or verbal, there has been no inten-
tion to avoid, defy, or insult, bat a I:ncert disposi-
tion to avoid e•tremities, if it coald be done with
propriety. With this view.. General H. had been
ready to enter into a (rank and free explanation
on tiny and every suhjeCt of a specific name ; but sot
to onswer a general and abstraft enquiry. embracing
a period too long for any accurate re:olleCtice, and
exposing him to unpleasant criticisms from, or nn-
pleasant discussions with, any and every person who
essay have understncd him in an unfavourable setts!.
This (admitting that he could answer in a manner
the most satisfactory to Colonel Burr) he should
deem inadmissible in principle and precedent, and
humiliating in prattice. I'o this, therefore, he can
never submit. Frequent allusion has been made to
slanders said to be in circulation. Whether they
be openly, or in whispers, they have a form and
shape, and might be specified.
If the alts rr.:n re alluded to in the close of the
letter be di finitively tendered, it must be accepted ;
:he time, place, and manner, to be afterwards regu-
lated. I should not think it right, in the midst of a

Circuit Coutt, to withdraw my services from those
who may have confided important interests To me
and expose them to the ernharrassmeut of reeking
other Counsel, who may not have time to be suffici-
ently instruaed in their cause. I shall also want a
little tune to make some arrangement respelling my
own affairs.

The following paper, in the hand writing of Gene.
ral Hamilton, was inclosed with his wilt, and some
other papers. in a packet addressed to one of his
executors, which woof course nut to have been de•
livered. hint in rase of the melancholy. event that
has happened. As it contains his motives and re.
Betftions upon the causes th.tt have led to this fatal
catastrophe, it is deemed proper to communicate it
to the public t

N. XII.
On nay txpen..d interview with Cokael Burr, I
think it proper to make some remarks explanatory
of my condua, motives, and views.
I aas certainly desirous of avoiding this inter.
view, for the most Cogent reasons.
I. My religious and moral principles are strongly
opposed to the practice of duelling r and it would
ever give me pain to be obliged to shed the hlood
of a fellow creature, in A private cotnbatt forbidden
by the laws.
2, My wife and children are extremely dear to
me, and my life is of the utmost importance to them,
in various views.

1. I feel a sense of obligation towards my credi-
tors, who, in case of accident to me, by the forced
sale of my pYopetty, may be in some degree suffer•
vs. I aid not think myself at liberty, as a man of
probity, lightly t expose them to this hazard.
4. I am conscious of no ill wi.l to Colonel Burr,
distinct from political opinions, which, as I trust,
have proceeded from pure and upright motives.
Lastly, I shall hazard much, ■ud can possibly
gain nothing by the issue of the interview.
But it was, as I conceive, Impossible for me to
avoid it.

Theta were intrionic difficulties in the thing, and
erlifkiel ernbarrassmernt, from the manner of pro-
ceeding on the part of Colonel Burr.
Intrinsic, becaitse it is not to be denirdt that thy
animadversions on the political principles, chateiler,
and views of Colonel Burr, have been extremely se=
vere; and: on different Occasions, I, in common
with many others, have Made very unfavourable
criticisms on particular instances of the priirate con-
duit of this Gentleman.
In proportion as these impressions were enter-
tained with sincerity, and uttered with motives and
for purposes, which mign appear to be commend-
able, would be the difficulty (until they could be re-
moved by evidence of their being erroneous) of ex-
planation or apology. The disavowal required of
me by Col. Burr, in a general and indefinite form,
was cut of my power, if it bad really been proper
for me to sunmit to be so questioned ; but I was
sincerely of opinion this could not be. and in this
opinion I was confirmed by that of a very mode-
rate and judicious friend whom I consulted. Be-
sides that, Colonel Burr appeared to assume, in the
first instance, a tone unnecessarily peremptory and
menacing, and, in the second, positively offensive.
Yet I wished, as far as might be praCticable, to
leave a dot open to accuoimodation. This, I
think, will lee inferred fr •m the written communi-
cations made by me arid my direition, and would
be confirmed by the conversations between Mr. Van
Ness and myself, which arose out of the subjeit.
I am not sure whether, under all the circumstances.
I did not go farther in the attempt to accommodate
thin a punitilious del caey will justify. If so, I
hope the motives I have stated will excuse me.
It is not my design, by what I have said, to affix
any odium on the conduit of Colonel Burr, in this
case—He doubtless has heard of animadversions of
mine which bore very hard upon him ; and it i 3
probable, that, as usual, they were accompanied
with some falsehood. He may have supposed him-
self under a necessity of ailing as he has done.
hope the grounds of hit proceeding have been such
as ought to satisfy his own conscience.
I trust, at the same time, that the world will do
me the justice to believe, that 1 have nut censured
him on light grounds, nor from unworthy induce-
ments. I certainly have had strong reasons for
what I may have said, though, it is possible, that, in
some particulars, I may have been influenced by
misconstruCtion or misinformation. It is also my
ardent wish, that I may have :wen more mistaken
than I think I have been; and that he, by the same
future conduit, may thew himself worthy of all
confidence and esteem, and prove an ornament and
ble sing to the country.
As well because it is possible that I mar have in-
jured Colonel Burr, hot-ever convinced myself that
my opinions and declarations have been well-found-
ed, as, from my general principles aed temper, in
►elation to similar affairs, I have resolved, if our
int( ,iew is condueted in the u,ual manner, and it
pleases Gerd to give me the opportunity, to rrs.ree
and thr,ar noey my first fire; and I heir ihnight
e7en of reset-yams, my second fire, and thus giving a
double opportunity for Colonel Burr to pause and
to reflea.

It it not, however, my intent;on to enter iwo
any explancti-ors on the gr.ottul. Apology from
principles, I hope, rather than pick, to out of the
question.

To those Who, with me, abhorring the praCtice of
duelling, may think that I ought, On no account,
to have added to the number of bad examples. I an.
snit, that my relative situation, as well in public as
private, enforcii,g all the conciderations which con-
stitute what men cif the wwld droorninate honours
imposed on nr.! (as 1 thought) a peculiar necessity
to decline the c.rll. The abilits to be in future use-
ad, whether in resisting mischief, or effeCting good
in those crises of our public affairs, which seem
likely to happen, wcurd probably be inseparable
from a conformity with public prejudice in this
i•.ttticular. A. H.
le the name et God, Ame. Alexander llsm;Iton, of the
Mt, (New stark, C..ians-llor al Law, do ilia:te this my last
W ill and Trumann es follow T—
lim4-1 ap,.ourtJuliu B. Chortle, Niceholas ard Natha-
niel ►.. of the city aforemal, Oaf • S tutu- Executors
sad I ruso...a of tl.is my Will, and ) devise to them, their
helm girl as,s:ovv, le, Went tenant., ant not a. tetrints in corn-
NOM, all my re..d.e, real and perional whatsui-ve.„ and sae"-
merer, New trust, tit 'lieu discretion, 00 sell and di*porwe of the
same, at such tit:l4lB4oi L iii such meaner, and under suds
term as they, ete survivor of au:vi.ur►, and, think fit, and
oat of the , . -hvis to pay all the 4-hts whcir 1 shall owe at the
time alloy ueaa.et w whole, the brad be sufficient, pro-

TILE BRITISH IrRESS•

LOX DON,
FRIDAY, AUCtST 17.

Enslaved as the French Press is, no other in-
formation can be obtained of the real internal situ-
ation of that country, and the public spirit or opi-
nion of its inhabitants, except from travellers or
private correspondence. These two superior sources
of Mgt alion and amusement, we eirbstrrcly possess.
l'he letter which we this dal, lay before our readers,
is of that description. Our correspondent, upon
whose veracity, as well as judgment, we can de.
pend, paints men and things as they are, widely
different from whit Bus sr s ire t's Gazetteers do
scribe them. " Foreigners," .says our correspondent,
a who enter France, with the prejudices they have
imbibed from reading our Journals, believe a
eoenter-revolutinn inevitable, from what they heat
and see every where in our public walks, is our
squares, in our theatres, and in our collet houses.
Never was the public opinion more unanimous in
censuring the measures of any former revolutiooary
government, than it is now, in condemning the late
one id BON APAISTL All parties, all classes of the
people have been the dupes of the revolution, and
accuse him as the sole cause; having, by his new
hereditary dignity, equally disappointed the ex
pedations of the royalists of the return of monarchy,
and the sch:mes and desires of the republicans to
establish a common wealth, founded upon equality
and the rights of man. These sentiments are not
encealed, or virispered about, but spoken aloud.
You may, perhaps, think th.tt this assertion con-
tradias known and undeniable tp is of the
slavery of our nation, and of the r; canny of its
ruler. Hat a relation of some late occurrences will
convince you that even the most oppres,:d slaves
are sometimes able to prescribe limits to the de-
spotism even of the greatest tyrant.

When the unjac.ifiable arrest and unnecessary
murder of the Duke of 17.N0n en were known, not
only all the adh.!:.ents of the BJURS Iws, but all lo-
vers of justice and humanity. as Well as abhorrers
of cruelty, shewed their dttestatinn of this bar-
barous aft by putting on mourning; which became
particularly fashionable among the fair see, of whom
some were imprisoned, and others exiled from Paris.
This d;d not prevent others from lamenting the fate
of Piens° nu, by wearing his miniature, suspended
in a crape ribband from the b. isom, nor to send
their cards of visit to MOSEAV, in the Temple, and
to salute and applaud him when before the tribunal ;
a conduit which produced new imprisonments or
banishments. After the execiition of Getman, and
his loyal companions, mourning rings, a la royal,
were worn publicly by both sexes f and hardly a
lady was seen who did not wear a fan if riled) as
they were called, upon which was painted an urn,
with small profiles of the Duke of Estimate, Pi-
c to 110, and Gl° saes. The urn itself made a per.
left profile of Louis XVIII. This excited again
the rage of Bon aelare, Whoa without distintlion of
pge or sex, crowded his prisons with new viCtims
of
his fury, or rather fear. This caused fresb com-
plaint/, and excited a kind of emulation who should
be foremost to prow*, the anger of the tyrant, and
experience its effeCts. It became more fashionable to
risk friends in prison, than to frequent the theatres;
and the Thuillery became slesetted, except by I; ,-
's sycophants. 'I his spirit of opposition and
disaffeetion alarmed Fot ens, who, in an audience
of the Corsicau,, convinced him of the danger of con-
tinuing these measures of terror, which would in-
crease, instead of dirn:nibhing, murmur and discon.
tent; whilst, if left unnoticed, they would, as all other
temporary sentiments and fashions, die away of

thenusites. FOVCRE stay dill 'appointed a l►li.
mister of Police, all lam state prjeonrrs were rn
leased, and, all banished peones replied. Tin,
justice mast be doae Fouce,a,i-that ►e knows our
national charader better Vi BONA►AAla
Though this release of prisoners caused, for the d►R
week, more loud abusenof Government than befouls
it has certainly since decreased; our fickle charaaett
being as often suhjed to change their objets of de.
served hatred, as their idols of undeserved admire,
Lion. Yost know that Paris has, since ghe Kern.
lution, didated to the departments as much the
fashions of dress, as sentiment; and -ads of seta.
Lion. That the late signals of disaffeaion are now
' making the topr of the provinces, cannot therefore
sarprise you at ap. Letters from I.yons,
seines, and, Bourdeatuts not only coniirm this, but
add. that Bosaeaats's public fendionarics have
brea publicly insulted at the theatres and in the
streets, and that, thetefore, new reinforcements a
troops have been sent to these cities. No; withstand.
ing all this, do not, however, suppose any change if
Government, nor even any insurredions apinit
Government, will take place, as long as the army
remains neutral or indifferent. Should a co'ti.
nental war break out, and our troops out Inert
with their former success, then some Fovea
may occur for loyalty to crush rebellion ; and
as the bayonets alone have ereeted and pre,..erved
the tyrant in power, so the bayonets alone can :r.•
nihilate the tyranny with the tyrant. The (Ay
hope for the restoration of a regular Governwat
older, peace, and tranquillity, remains s. ith :he con.
dun of the troops, who, though hea,Jed by bre:,
commanders, know them to want experience,
perhaps talents ;. and, thereture, have neither esteem
for, nor confidence, in their new leaders, who are
themselves in very critical sitemions, as the exampit
of Pichegru and Moreau, of Macdonald and Le-
courbe, haveconvinced them, that it is equally, anti
perhaps more dangerous to excite the jealousy of
their suspicious errant by gaining wi.toties. due
his anger by experiencing defeats."

We received yesterday Neet'York ?Vets to the
.21st of last month. They are principally occuptl
with details of the unhappy quartet between Green
ral HA MILTON and Vice Iltesident Busk. As it it
a subjea of deep interest, and has produced a great
sensation in America, we have copied the correspond•
ence which ended in this fatal result. The loss et
General HAMILTON will be long deplored in Arne.
rica. Every possible matt of respell has been paid
to his memory. Before the body was committed t
the grave, the Governor of New York, on a stage
ereaed in the portico of Trinity Church, having
four of General iron's sons, the eldest abed
sixteen, and the youngest about six years of ages
Kith him, rose and delivered to the immense cons
coot se in front, an extemporary funeral oration.

The ;pliant Admiral CORNWALLIS is still at sli
Helen's, impatiently waiting a change of wind.
Letters from Gibraltar, of the ',.bd July, suites
that the prrison at that date were all wells ani
high spine.
A public meeting Oil the British inhabitant; of
Cal.cutta was held on the 16th February last, sh.trt
it was resolved that a marble statue of the him-quit
Wei.r.r.sxcr should be erected at Calcutta, and that
a sword, value 1,9001. shi.uld bewesented to Ge-
neral Lsar, and a sword value 10001. to I.lejor
General Wast.est.ar.
The Bengal fleet, consisting reeiren ships, ::1,1
estimated at V,OOl/.ouol. is expeaed to arrive hrturt
the Ist of next month, and no apprehensions are
niw entertained for their safety.
Six months halt pay to the reduced officers 01
Ilia MAJESIT'S land forces, and six m.•ntlis
:Luce to the officers a-id privates of the km Si anl
4th troops of Horse I;iiards still co:time:lee plyirg
on Wednesday the 26th inn.
Dispatches were on ‘Vedosday r ,ceived at thr
Admiralty from Sir J A ML, st REz. at Jersc:i•
which Kate, that an e:yezt thou was daily enter-
tained si•in attack from the enemy, sevei al move-
ments having of late been observed to hare akin
place. _ .

A letter from Amsterdem. Of the dtla inst. sap's,
" That notwithstanding the bo.isted rev:times lad
riches of BONAPARrh his emissaries in a:f
endeavouring :tot only to force the llatavian G,,ven;
merit, distrqsed as it is, to enter into a 1:4...%*
diary &gay, by which 1(,010 m••: Frem.: t.•
are to be taLm into the pay of I lolland, but ha%
attempted to raise a loan upon Hanover, of v .
millions of Swirls (near one million sterling) arnotv
the capitalists of that city, who have, however, do
dined to advance their money, though offered all
interest at the rate of eight pry reef.
Captain Roaanson, of the Thu/osier), Is appoint&
to the Swetnire, and not Sir !ivories, Sntrer
health of this distinguished Officer rot being yet
sufficiently re-establidted to enable him to take
command of any ship.
Mansion-euest.—Yesterday the Stewards of a
benefit society, field at the George, St. Mar}'
Axe, were summoned before the Lu ID NI Alit'''.
fur refusing to pay, agreeably to the articles en-
tered into by the members, the sum G. trnt
pounds to the friends of a deceased member. I.
clerk stated that the society had paid fur
funeral, and bad no objraion to pay the ad.a.
tional ten pounds t but the father and ..star
the deceased had etch claimed it, and they wi• • •
to have the right ascertained. It WA, proved to
Lordship's satisfaaion, that the deceased
rated the money to be paid to his sister, aed t•
Lure!, Mavua urdemd it :hold(' be so.

again is
A great
back, vo
althougl
of them
when Lit
not get I
the disc}
cisient.

Part
br,ises ai
day, an
from Nc
day exi
Dall for
waiting
compAiti
son of tl
.S.ecretar
Mr. Ito
preparec
ried out
accounpt

Says
64

In '—
To

This
Fete in
Yost.
town, a
off for '
On

Early
left Brip

On N%
entertair
at the f
; ai
o'clock,
Prince's
His I
tompan:
en Wedi
camps
its Hic
VIM IR

Yestei
day, he
the ever
the saloi
iteighbol
The
well dirt
On th
rave a
Isle of
The nes
Lwutens
The I
Kelso 14
one of t

street.

Mrs.'
against
The ]
from Lc
Lord
Monday
The
burgh a
Crnintee

The F
junior Dl,

Then
snanry (
Rani of
Tuesday
Yestm
ail His
illunninai
et; Kis
els Rive
her vim

11.1%,?1;
Uis MAJ
"'C, iel

are
t!..e Roy.
RA %KS If
Npring(
colnslon

A slit}
the C.,

mau!ied

ML;

'il his
I.4tter cr,
thrown
spot. 1
the spot
terbury
Rut be h
