reset of Prdtectien, hid bees laid upon than.--
That tyreitive was ever the fame creel Stied tune-
renting which fell on a people by irietilat liner coe-
*Mated form. The drat *et of the assentor ass
that of attempting to interfere with the choree of
the Smote, when he appointed, contrary tai the
Treety of Pais, a moo of very doubtful therefor as
a member of It. Attempts were then mute to fneee
the senators or resign, who, by the Treaty of Paris,
were to remain unchanged till the arrimgetnent of
the Couetitation was completed. Four of •thein
were disniimeed by the Goveveree.-who sebeeterently
proclaimed them se perares of. inept avid ens-
rupt precticee.—(,Snell langhtte.) —The words
were inepti and teserrieti. This conduct wee antic-
you'd epos ad appeal by on Order in Coyote!.
The inhabstante were terror 'tomtit and eahnilteeil.
The Governor affected that there woe a enosplAsey
on foot. TM drones beet end the plenum wee
drawn oat in arms, the Spoleto.' and the Togore
frigate, wore brought closer its t. servo In me of
' ' esteem!. tt was very antra*, that this conspiracy
1' was talked of at Malta as •erebething likely t hop.
pen two months before. A formal tnettery • teak
lAlffr and seeerel petsees were pot molter *vest,
who were subsequently liberated es httettig
been detained under improper preteneee. Lord
Eathsret found it neceeosey to write a letter
of conciliation to ewe of them ; so greet was
the ferment this conds'et excited, that the MAI*
. Secretory- wag educed to make the antende ketones
abbe, in order in appease the Plaided feehner of the
inhabitants. From that dui (Janeary 1817) no
wee ventured to give his opinion on public
affairs; ell miens of turtling fartior were re-
; • sorted to; addreirses were got up, whith, had
the emelienery of them been untlennood.
would Irmo edited little strength or credit to
the . Government. Each Mend vied with the
others to testimonies of adulation : Corfu erect-
ed a triumphal arch of the simple lonic order;
Cephalonia could not content itself without a large
bronze statute of Ste T. Maitland; Zente'ovrterett
is boss of him to be executed by Corpora;-Santa
• Maura, a poor and barren spot, voted untie ether
trophy. Had the Heine bee got the hied the
Knights of the Grand" Genes of the Order of St.
Michael, it would "Me wonderfully useful
eion as to the reality of these loyal professions.
The object and result were to • pleee the whole
!poorer of the cottony in the hands of ode indiei•
ideal. He nominated end appointed to every office
in -else Stare—a Scotch burgh was nothing •to it.
There the rottenness wee avowed, met the close•cer-
porstion wet the opinion of the neighbourhood at
defiance. A Senate was summoned to arrange the
ildinstitution. The Lord High Commissioner no•
urinated ten es a matter of course ; del of the re-
' mriuder (there were to be forty-nice in all), he sent
down lists of fourteen to each of the islands, out
of which they were to choose seven. This they re-
fused to do, earl their negat'. ► wee taken in the
Arniative sense. One or other of his teen bring
thus returned out el each list, and the Semite einem-
bled, they hod next to proceed with the settle.
mint of the Constitution. The Howse had been
seven chi,* tegaged in disessering the Agri.
talteral Report, tied yet they mere erlebrated for
their dispiiith in kgislating. Whet • wee Otis to
•the• Senate of the Inman Isles? The represeutetives
esseestiled an the geth April, they were then .word
hot to divelste soy pert of the proceedings till the
Femereipet dumb' *section the Constitution. The
felletessig day the new Conetiintiou was Ise& to
'Agin, but before it was raid all discussion was dr-
iest,. One indovidool who resisted this coarse of
ptoceeding was violently put down. On the 15th
the Constitution ass signed and sealed, and the
whole prmeedeepo at, this famous document—this
Magna Chases of the lonian Isles, were closed.—.a
Croweitistioo ;meowed, ederited.and signed, without
discussion, its U hours ! A deputation was sent to
Engleed to pet the unction for it. Haul these pen.
ceedings been known. the case would have been
alarming. They had subsequently conveyed hatred
and reocour to every part of Europe. Let the No-
ble Lord ask say Minister at soy foreign Court—
let hint interrogate any intelligent traveller el to
what opinion they had giver' rise to in any or every
part of Europe. There was nothing in all our
guilty animals equal to it, 'accept perhaps the root.
tog trot the most ancient Christians of Europe from
Perri—a trimseciion which would remain as a
blot upon our history through all coming time.
1k would recal the attention of the House to
the insurrection which had takes place in one
of the islands from the executive imposts laid
*a for the 'spumes of a coml. and the eseeti.
Woo of the military is enforcing wiyment. In
coneequence of those disturbauces there were *eve.
n) of the parties tried by emit martiel and hanged.
two priests, iu their c 0,,,,, le, being *mime the
remise,. This was oat the ally contempt w hick bud
beers sheen fur the religiose officerr of the colony.
The whole of the church property, and the peironsite
appertsiniogdood been put seder the direction ofCul.
Robinson, of the manner, who held live or six situ-
shoes altogether; so that they had a Colonel of
marines let the bead of the church. lie was em.
powered to reclaim ell church property, and no
pewee or authority in the State was allowed to in-
terkre with its proceedings. He appointed to
linage. elected Abbots end Abbesses, and Stewards
of convents. Ali power end profit i• the chastely or
the religious houses were at his disposal. It was
tenons to as. his Guests orders for the execution of
his ecclesiestieui duties. An iedividual, neraid
Eattregba, posansed hinds which had been in the
family for one Modred years. Inquiry was
mode tote his title • sod upon a decree of
tits Venetian Doge 41 1416, which prohibited
the alienation of lands from monasteries, he
was, *fief so appeal to the Load Hugh Commis.
stoner, arrested. A isisodred years possession could
not protect him from a decree of absolute beggary,
to which aim stolen°, doomed liim. Another tttdt-
vtdaals
figeetineogo, was dragged from his bed on

feet
..:it had
Petition hod beets
drwaiireil rroto Zante, signed by thirty.two of
trial Milo Contfiderable inhabitants against this con-
freet —i-le then proceeded to read the Petitionl—
A mat WArtortmit anif constitutional Petition was
flOVer smith ; and what hart heel, the consequence ?
The permit's *he/ subscrthed to it were thrown into
i prison for being concerned in on rebellions a mei.
Mt. If there Wee any deficiency of information
tut the ehhiset In this country, it was because the
Government of those Islands had closed every ave.
t MA 110 which information mold be traiirmitted
oSemire to the iudivichrais who were in power there.
Itly a paper kid before the Colonist Office, by Sig-
. not Root [• copy of which the lion. Memlter read],
it alarieatttl that, Pot havingsigned that Petition, mit-
tWltte.tabttitig his milt at a Magistrate and Ment fier of
the Legislative Assembly, lie had keen arrested in
the Public street by the keeper of the prom), and
twice* fo that person'. office, where en officer of the
police ordered him. iii the name of the Lord High
ConsMisitioner, to give up all his papers, and upon
his afterwards atnroting Ininitelf to avoid the perm.
cotton that awaited tom, his house was forcibly en.
fete4 and tratcherl, hit papers seized, and a reward
of one thousand dollars ()tiered for his apprehension.
Another Membet of the L.gniatitive Assembly was
degraded by ontAct of the Senate, fur having sign..
ell the some Petition. The answer of the Colonial

OctS to the oppitcotioo of Senor Rossi. stated
that " the perreeedlnei to which he referred had
some time previenzoly herr, made known to his 111
jetty's Government. find that inatrechon• had been
mot to the Lord HiO•Cerromistioner on the soh.

jeel, is whom he sae directed to apply." His
subsequent opplicetiene fur redress to the Govern-
ment of this coueiry beteg atilt more pereinptbrtly
rejected, Signor Rene fattened to Venice. where
hr met with ussinbeirs of his eiountrymem flying from
the cnaina in which their country was bound, their
only hope of relief now, trete,. that they rose noon
share with theft. ereatitrysnew in Greece the blessing
of being restored to their long-led librrer. The ad-
dress of the Lord High Ceriimeisioeree brae Serrate
sod Legislature, In Itleicli of the present year, coo-
grill:hoed the Assembly on the peer.. and quietuses
of the Lelands being restored. Rut whet was !heated
of peers and qinetnese of which lie berated ? Mor-
tisl law bad beers proclaimed—the whole popula-
tion hail been 'trio of their sus". The attach-
meat of those people to their arms was very
great ; every man wore arms, and to be without
them was looked spon•se a mark of degradation,
and ereu of slavery. And what was the reason of
their being subjected to that degradation? Simply
their having sympathised with their countrymen of
the Maria struggling fee. their freedom. What
Christian was-flare who meld view with indsfference
the exertions of thine people to shake off the Otto.
man yoke? And wee it to be treated as criminal
in the Greeks oldie nilimde, who were of one fu.
lolly with those, of the continerd, that they felt
strongly in fernier of ouch a cause 2 And was it to
be barite, that betsure a few individual* chose to
leave the island* for the purpose of embarking in
that cause. martial law should be proclaimed, and
those that remained should be,strippectef their arms
Hr himself rheold Owes.' approve of our Goren'.
meat aboteinisg from aU interference in the broils of
oilier Dalton" ; he thought we had always bee, too
ready to interfere se (Imago quarrels, mud be depre.
mad all ouch infereiace. Dot what yes the ease
lure 1 It was notueioun es the sun at noeti-day that
the Brinell authorities ahroed Vied their 411116°St oier-
tions in favour of the Teti.. He could prove such
.jeperfereace of these euthorities in two inatences et
Uste and at Potreo.. One Turkish vowel being
vtpged by two Greeks in sight of the 'eland of
Zsote, run for the shore. A feeling having been
earned awing the itiliabitanisth4 the Government
of the latitude wars fevoureble to Ilse Turks and foss.
tile to the Greek', they tralstrally thought that the
Turkish weer' was seeking refuge i• that island
host the Greeks. and, is etiosequence, • crowd as.
sembled nn the beach. who cheered the Greeks
during' the engagement. A body of troops was
seat down to clear the beach; the result wail a
tiring from the inhabitants pod the troops sprit
.artch other, by which several lives were lost. At
Pores the Greeks were besieging the Turks in
the citadel ; and during that Sege. es well as on
other occasions, Mr. Green, the Euglirls Consul
there, went so far in violation of neutrality tuwatils
the Greeks, as to 'occasion en address on the
subject to be forwarded to him from the Greek
!elders in the Peloponnese', in which they charge
him with violnting hie proreme of neutrality in the
contest. being neutral iii words 'dew, and ebmey.
lug intelligence to the Tucks which enabled them
tw counieinet the operations of the Greeks. He
would ask. whether, after the facts which lie had
stated, it was too much that the idanders should
show a strove feeling in favour of their countrymen
on the contimest ? The eareutious which followed,

sod the saitssOrs which were made, erre .rely •
sufficient atonement for the crime, if any had
bet, committed. But, au the 13th October,

martial law was proclaimed ; and not content with
puoishang the guilty who were confined to
Corfu. Cephalonia, Zinte, and even Santa Moors,
were included in the decree, although it was @duet.
ted by the Lord Hugh Commissioner that not a
man in those islands appeared to have been con.
corned is any of the attempts to take up arms.
The Haimorable Member proceeded to contend that
the Bestiality of Sir T. Maitland was all on one
side. A qmantity of powder and abet, sold from
die pulpitq stores on the 40th May, 1890, lie
(Mr. H.) had a-remained to have been furaralied to
All riche, who, though be had since been in re.
helliaw against the Titekish Govertimeot, was then
io its service, shwa was an enemy to the Greeks.
Sir l'..Maitlisad had prohibited the sale of gonpow.
der at Malta on the pretence of anotrality ; bat it
was well known that the Turks had never sent thither

esy supplies. bet the Greeks use eseetseit eu..
Seiseee Aria, the Bishop of Cephsloo till. because he
altered up prayers es fewer of the ()mks, slthsege
tie sass had bete 4issie is the Prot:sous Chortles


-

beside, the personal allowances, forge for horses, I suspicion of having clone something against the
and the other expenses before !Worried to. It was Otreorroment—tried by on iereerilat and uoconsti.
to vein for the country gentlemen to look for perni- timatioomii.diceded for two Yeats, anti set-
to their dusts/saes *bile these expenses were Its OMta tewim years troprimotereult in the fortress of
none. lie next came to the treavikerat "to ra.s lime were trisulearettee4 which were
lonian ivies iu pursualice of the Treaty of rbiusetbleMost indoltnt to oppoilition.Whet
There were several members of the house who frame woold-but be anxiono to throw ..ti so galling
were there at the time he wss,and would oritnas and dcgnistoug e yoke? tic wee hapi'y that he had
'64:44itrilenity were then dirdrei by rififOrlittrn. t tiefo-re linT on record his opinions as to the rffrct
That feeling was now destroyed, and they only of these transactions ; he was sorry that events. had
looked fot the moment when they might be ru- tbs. he true. A Petunia had been
aDit fri Elf The pike *tick under fre dre- krona -4
rm. Zinte, signed by thirty-two of
;nice of bratectim. hod bets hid noon them.-- th7e tailist teinihsterable isafrahitssite ugainit this con-
