FRIDAY, JUNE 10, 1803.

EARLE's original FRENCH and ENGLISH CIRCULATING
LIBRARY, No 47, Albemarle-street.
This Day is publish• d, price One
ASUPPLF.MENTARY CATALOGUE of
MODERN PUBLICATIONS, with conaideralite Addl.
tions. Containing upwards of TWENTY 1110USAND VU.
LUMFS, in the various Branches of Literature.
The generous patronage the Proprietor has had tht honour
of receiving from the Nobility, Gantry, and the Public at
large, impresses him with the highest sense of gratitude ; and
he Isegs leave to 2,Stlie them, that the stri:le.t ?Mention shall
Aver be paid to any commands they may he plea-,r.1 to favour
him with; as he now carries on the business wholly on his own
iventint.
Books, in all Language., bought, sold, or e,:ellanged.
Book•binding, in all its bria.dies, elegantly and expeditiously
executed.

This Day is ptiVishedi inOne Volume Bvo. price 64. in bonds,
4ZEItMONS Chiefly designed to recommend thd.
PRACTICAL. htiIIRALITY of the GOSPEL, and in-
tended for the Ll>a of Astpily Devotion.
nyII.AYMAN.
Printed for G. and 3 Robinson, Piternoster-Rwo.

This Day is yotbi.Nhed, pike 1s 'the Third Edition of
TREATISE ON RAZORS'
.1.111 By BENJAMIN KINGSBLIRY, Kazis-traker.
lit the Monthly Revie....• ,r May, 1793, pay,c 114, itiis little
Work wa; noticed in the following•Tertos:
" We hit.' noel this Treative with- interest, and with pl=-
5....-e. It is well worth the attetition of the Puh!ie " •
Sold by the Antilor, at No. 10, St. Janit:.4.1,66 ea; and by H.
D. Symond-, -r.uster-r+, v. • •

•
416 Day it putlislted, in One Voiinweir Ocro, price 10.6 d. '•
~• • • •
HE HISTORY t 11,2 INSUItIIE ON of
1 the couNT.Tor wiixi4.)RD,A,. D. 14;"iiiEluditig
an Account of the Tr.m5.t1...11; preceding that vent, with an
Appendix.' Itlibullished *lO4 Mapillt the L'eto} of Wolc-
lONL . . . •
By EDWARD ! .
• 11.1einher of the Rtywi.l.ido Academy.
;Dublin: ?tinted for tree A:41161. ..ifScrsuld uy Cuthell and
Malin., Middle-row, linlboiy, London: '
• COSTUME kaASCOIS.
Tii.s Day is pub.lisued info iitiountai,,igge'our.Plates,eeloured
in lin:fa:ion of the original. Drawings, price 10s. 6d.
No. 11 of • • • •
A SEltili4 of PICTURESQUE. CHARAC-
TERS, slcetelied Xatute, in a Tour to. Pans, made
the latter end of the Yr AI 16,02.
H: JAMES GREEN:
Bizet? the Plates thirteen Inches by dint and a hat t..
Published by 1. Green, No. 411, Rattitirme-Phice ; and W.
Clarice, SS, Ncts 131sid-Street and sold !tt the princirral Print.
sealer; in Pall-Mal!, Strand, Cornhill, &G. Where may bt had
No. I.,Pfice. tOs. f?•
. .

This Day are Ruhished, price 4s. in hoards, elegantly printed
tit quarto, and hot-premed,
•
NARRATIVE POEMS.
Ry J. DISRAELI.
Printed f..r John Murray, N0..12, Fleet-street.
Of whom nay be had; by the same Author,
1. Romaine's; to which ism's, added, A Modern Romance.
The'Secniid Edition, prise 4. sewed.
11. Littrary Meicellanits: includ.ng a Dissertation on Anec
dotes. A hivr Edition, enlarged, 4s: 6'i. %ewe+
111. An'E,szy on the Manners and Genius of the Literary
Character, 4'. Inv*

• IMPROVED SCHOOL-BOOKS.
This Day is published, a new Edition, embellished with
twenty-four Portraits, price 4s. 6d.' bound,
rrHF. BRITISH NEPOS; consisting of I.ives
of Fifiy-two ILLUS fitIOUS BRITONS, who have
d:stingiiishesl titemselses 1).• their Virtues, Talents and re-
markable .telvaticeimint in Life, with incidental praCtical Re-
fiectionsorrittzn purpn-telyfor the Use of British Youth, on
the Principle that Example is-more powerful and more seduc-
tive than Prere•st.
By WILLIAM MAVOR, LL.D.
Vicar of Hilary, in Berkshire, and Cbspiain to the Earl of
Disisfries.
. Printed R lesson PH iLIMM, No. 71, St. Paul's Church-
yard ; and sold by Wi;4011 and Spence, York I H. Mosley,
Gainsborough ; Anil by all other 13quicsellero.
Oj whom may he had the undtrinentioned valuable and
standard Schrol4-hook;4.
1. Dr. MAVOR'. Natural History, prict 54.
9. - - Dam's- SeleCtion from Pi utarch's Lives, 4s. 6d.
3. ...... - Uuiyersiii Short-hand, price 75. 6d.
4. -- - Ditto's - Improved Spelling-Rook, priee Is Gd.
5. Ditto's 111,tnry, 3y Is. lA. and 10s. Gd.
6. • - - Ottres - - Grecian History, 2 vo7n. 10s. and 74.
7. Dr. MAVOIVis and Mr. PRATT's SeleCtion of Classical
Poetry, price 3c. bound.
S. Dr. Latii.UOßY's Elements of a Pulite Education, price
4,6 d. •
9. Dr. ViTATKINS's Universal Biographical and Historical
Diftionary, one fare: volume, Aso. price 10s. Gd.
10s Dr. WATIONS's Scripture Biography, mice Ss.
11. Mr.IRVIIRO% Elements of English Composition, price
4i. Gd. bokttv!. •
C;E:OGitil tai for the USE of SCHOOLS, on a new
popul.ir, ,rid :ate itint Pb,u illurated with Sixty beautiful
Engravings, by tei` st
ci 41.iir. J. GOLDSMITH, 10s. 6d. bound.
An EASY ak kid MA R of CIOGRAPHY, on a Han
ent.rely new, wick Maps, by the Rey. J. GOLDSMI'T'H,
prte,• 2-. Gd.
• 14. POETRY for CHILDRN, by Miss AIRIN, 2e. 6d.
lb. BIBLE STORIES, containing all the limit Interesting
IlintlfXS in the Oid and New Testament, printed in a loge
Type, and decorated with twelve Plat., two sols. pnce 44.

This Day is published, prim 2i.
IVI ORAL EDUCATION, the one Thing need-
WI, briefly rocommended in Four Letter:to a Friend.
By THOMAS SIMONS,
Master of the •Ncadeiny, Silver-street, Edmonton.
The fotowing l'assages are exttactt-d franc the Reviews upon
the above kainplilet :
" We highly recommend the object which this Writer has
iu view, and the manner in which he has treat :.11 the subject,
which mw bo gad by every Parent with great advantage, fin.
&c keview for I)ee.-1602.
" Tills Pamphlet is well entitled to attention; it is written
in a correct and ple sing vtyle, and ColB3llii ,:onte et:ry excel.
lcut9aservatious respecting the Education of Yonth, kc. .kc."
Vtde Monthly Mirror, Jan. 1803.
To be had of Me,srs. Robalsons, Bookselle-s, 7
Paternoster-
Itlliv ri.w • iway, York-stmt.; e. St. Jam, N-square ; I)ebrett,
Piccadilly; Reynolds, Oxford-street Cook, Stationer, Lenz-
Acre.

LITERiITURE.
EJ opera, preium cogo•cere. Hon.

auc.roay OF THE MAROONS, FROM THEM
oRPGIN TO THE ABLISHMENT" OF THEIR
CHIEF TRSDE AT Sll:sn A Lrosn ; INCLUDING THE
• txPEDITION TO cI:I3A, FOR THE PURPOSE OF PRO.
CUEING SPAN.SII CHAFsEURs; AND THIS STATE OP
THE ISLAND OF JAMAICA, FOR THE LAST TEN
YEARS; WITH A SUCCANCT HISTORY OF. Tut
ISLAND PREVIOUS TO THAT PLRIOD,./If 2 VCAst
ny R. C. DAL L AS, LSQ. WITII APPENDIXILS, COM{

PRISING AUTHENTIC DOCUMENTS.
In a splendid preface, Mr. Dallas informs Ls
readers, 'that "he has undertaken, at the request of
a friend, to write the history of a short way carrie4
on by the Government, in Jamaica, against the
body of black peiaple called Maroons, long esta.,
Wished in the interior of that island ; net ohly on
account of the uncommon nature of the SubjeCtß
but because the result of the contest was of great
importance to the colony a war in wl ich
ambition, aggrandizement, and the usual incen-
tives to hostility, had no part ; but which originated
%iin private resentment on one side, and was prose-
cuted on file other from the necessity of settling the
internal security of the country Consulting
Mr. F.dwards's work, he found very few of the
'partiEulars he purposed to detail, and saw, with
some pain, that in those few his own information
'did nut concur with it." His chief authority is the
Him. Wm. Dawes QtraVrell, of the Privy Council
of Jamaica, to whom the work is dedicated, and.
'wTo served in the Maroon war, and went commis-
sioaer to Cuba for Spanish chasseurs, and for re-
moving the Maroons to Nova Scotia. Indeed the
greater pat of the work was written while he and
the author were under the same roof.
-To the work itself, which is written• in letters, is
oreixed a Succinct History of Jamaica; extending
to 114 pages, which, owing to some visitation of
Providenc* on the author, was executed by John
Browne Cutting, Esq. of oston, in America.
Thelirst lettertets Out with a statistical account
of Jamaica, at the commencement of 'the French
Revolution, its prosperity, and the improved con-
dition of the slaves, by means of the Consolidated
Ad, which repealed the objedionable laws re; •tive
to them.

The author then proceeds to touch on that part
of the history of St. Domingo which is immedi-
ately conneEted ;rich his subjea, beginning with
the emigrations from that island in consequence of
the horrors " impelled by the political torrent of
the affairs of the mother country," and the appli-
cation made to the British Government, in 179',
by the planters who had fled. to England, to send
an armament, and take possession of St. Domingo.
This was refused, till the war with France broke
out in 1793, when Gen. Williamson, Lieutenant-
Governor, and Commander in Chief in Jamaica,
was authorized to take possession of such pans as
wert disposed to surrender. .More than half the
force in Jamaica was therefore dispatched to St.
Domingo. This not only drained the island of its
proper defence, but gave birth to the French pro-
clamation, abolishing all manner of slavery, the
ohje‘q of which was to put an end to the colonial
existence of the West Indies. General Williamson
was, in the end of the year 1794, appointed Go-
vernor-General and Commander in Chief of his
Majesty's possessions in St. Domingo, whither he
repaired in May 1795, being succeeded in Jamaica
by Lord Balcarres.
Letter 11. goes back to the conquest of Jamaica
by the English, in 1655, when most of the Spani.h
inhabitants retired to Cuba ; still maintaining hosti-
lities with the English, whom they attempted to ex-
pel, but were subdued themselves. Previous to their
final embarkation, Large bodies of their slaves had
fled to the woods in different parts of the island, and
ultimately formed that body of men called the Ma-
roons, or hoghunters. But in 1690, there was an
insurreaiou of slaves in the parish of Clarendon;
who found a secure retreat in the interior of the
country, where they occasionally recruited their
numbers from the plantation negroes, and commit-
ted such excesses that frequent complaints were
made to the legislature, who at length listened to
these representations, and resolved to reduce the re- .
bels by an armed force, that
,should penetrate the
recesses of the woods, and discover them if possible.
Upon this they concentered their force, and eleaed
a chief, whose name was Cudjoe, a bold, skilful, en-
terprising man, who, on assuming the command,
appointed his brothers Accompong, and Johnny,
leaders under him; and Cuffee and Quacisubordinate
captains.
" While the Clarendon rebels were carrying on
their depredations on the South side of the island,
the Maroons in the East continued theirs, and for a
long series of years rinaered every attempt to settle
near tlits.en impraL'iicable. Ineffeaual efforts were
made to subdue them ; and, although they mitered
greatly in several surprises and well-p,rojefted at-
tacks, they remained a rallying point for all who
Were disposed to quit a state of !about and to in-
crease their body. They were joined from time to
time by a number of slaves, principally those im-
ported from the Coromantee country, a people in-
ured to war on the coast of Africa.''
