was established for the maintenance of order or the adjust-
ment of tlidi"enees ; nor was any other political measure re-
sortzd to, whieu was calculated to ensure the tranquillity,
safety, or prosperity. of either the governors or the go-
verned. On the contrary, the administration of affairs was
left entirely to ule arbitrary will and caprice of ignorant,
headstrong, and sensual tyrants, who parsed their whole
time in the company of eunuchs and concubines, and had
net only no idea or experience of the nature of political
science, but wire unacquainted even with the geographical
situation of the country of which they had acquired the
poeseasion. Their swords, therefcre, were perpetually tt-
sheathed, and suspended over the heads of their unhappy
victims; and hence alone they drew the power of un-
posiog taxes, without discrimination, and without limit.
Besides the capitation tax (which all Greeks pay without
exception, as a tribute of acktionledgment to tfic Sultan
for his clemency in granting them their lives), there is a
tax of one-tenth in the bnudred on the agrienhurist and
labourer, besides on additional tax of one-ilfth on the
produce. But, if it should he urged that this is no more
than is paid by other civilized rations of Europe, we reply,
that, in addition, the roor oppressed inhabitants of Chris-
tian Greece were compelled to provide for all the Turkish
tro pa that passed through the towns or villages in which
they resided, thiring the whole time that they remained
there; and not only so, but they were forced to supply all
the necessary rovisions on their departure for another
station. And this th'y s.vere not unfrequently called upon
to do, in consequence of the internal s. (Udell and anarchy
that are constantly prevailing among the different Paellas.
To th(s may be added, the almost total want of any coin-
asercial intercourse with other nations, as well as the non-
existence of manufactures, and of any other of those vari-
ous sources by which the precious metals are attracted to a
country. This, eviller with the total absence of good
faith in the Turkish government in reprd to the changes
in the value of the currency. isce. rendered the yoke of the
unfortunate Greeks still histvicr, and their sufferings still
less endurable.
•

But does the reader suxese that we have now summed
up the whole list of the sufferircs of the Christian sub-
jects of the Sults) ?—A 'as, no !—They had also to bear
without a murmur the nut:noon's impositions of the different
•
satrap. of the prov!nets; not to mention that every Gres •
was compe'led to maintain a 'fuck in his house, or to pay,
according to his means, for his maintenance elsewhere.
Having explained the rnanneoin which the unhappy sub-
jects of the 'fluke were taxed, and having shown, that in
consequence of these unjust and monstrous es:talons, either
of the great Sultan himself, or of the several Paellas who
acted as petty tyrants under him, it wars scarcely possible for
the nnfortunate. husbandman to gain his daily bread ; we now
procetsl to notice some other of those causes which mainly
contributed to reduce our ifi-fated country to a state of the
utmost poverty and wretchedness. And, first, we shall
speak of the mode of athninistering justice, and of settling
the civil differences that arose among tl:c people.
In Turkey, as in all urnolished and barbarous nations,
no etspect is paid to the social compact which exists among
citilixed people, and which allows tlum the privilege of
enapting their own TAws, by means of their repres•Attativ,s,
anti permits the Prince or GcNeruor to be tnerely the ad-
ministrator and enforcer of those laws. Hence it follows,
that in Turkey no distinctions of rank can exist. The
Grand Sultan alone is master : and all others are with-
out exception slaves untler him, and alarms over whose
life and• death be possesva obsolete and uncontrollable
power—even from the Grand Visits hit :self, who is
the second preen in the empire, down to the meanest
peasant. In such a state of things, the laws, if they
can be called such, are sufficiently simple. A judge is
appointed to sett:e all the civil differences of a certain
district ; and he, upon the evidence of two witnesses,
(whether•true or false ours is of little import—and there
is no deficiency of the latter), assigns the punishment of
the accused. There aze no laws to determine the nature
and extent of that punishment. and no advocates per-
mitted to plead the cause of either party, or examine the
witntestre on whose evidence the judgment should be
grounded. The Cali is at liberty tither to acquit the ac-
cused, or to assign him whatever punishment his own ca-
price, interests, or passions, may direct. There is not even
any cocrt to which en appeal can be made, unless the a:-
cuss' climes to refer the case to the Governor of the place;
in which latter event the remedy would inevitably tie worse
than the disease, and the unfortunate staler, in escaping.
from the fangs of the wolf, would fall into the jaws of the
lion.

GREENWICH VLSTRY.

It would seem as if a serious misurdcestandirg was likely to
arise between the Governors and I/Mee:ors of the parish of Green-
wich and the parishioners. Early in last March the parishioners
appointed a Committee to report on the proceedings under the Act
of Parliament for lighting and watching this town. The Report
suggests several Risme* of mismanagement against the Governors
and Directors, of which the principal is the. contract into which
they entered with Mr. 'Jostling for lighting the town. This con.
tract has been fomted.as the parishioners allege, to the prejudice of
a tender made by a ,Mr. 1 ledley, and is to continue ter fourteen
years. From the calculations contained in the Report (tor the acco-
racy of which we cannot vouch), it appears that, by the preference
thus given to Mr. (icntlirg. the excess of that gentleman's contract
over the one proposed by Mr. liedley, is i;e2l. a-vear,•wldch, fur
fourteen veers, amounts to 2.13GL By the calculation of tile Gam-
ruittce, the total loss is estimated at uflol. If this statement be
correct, when it is considered the humble classes that are sub.
ject to the payment of this tan, a prima facie ease of hard.
ship M made out by the parish, and one involving Mine re-
'glect, or a less creditable detcription of Marge, -against the
managers of the parish. It was at first intended, by these whose
characters were impugned, to convene a vestry for the purpose
of disproviog the charges contained in the Report; but this in.
tention has been abandoned, and as it is conceived some libellous'
matter is contained in the Report, the subject is to ntulert,m dis-
cussion before the King's Bench. A thousend copiat of the Report
were primed; let the I Tinter, after having disposed of some of diem
was threatened with being a party to the furthcoming prosecution
If he did not coshian t'te rest. Ile accordingly did so. Our state-
ment of the ostisnated loss by the parish is taken front one of these
eushi.mcd Reports wr ich we procured yesterday at Greenwich.
The following is the placard which was circulated through the
town, and sired by J. Bicknell, the late Vestry Clint, reictire to
the Report of the Committee:—
•' The Report, as far as it relates to myself, is utterly
false; and as the persons signing the same, arid publishin., the
vote of censure on me, shall have to answer for so doing before
a jury of their country, the Requisition for a Vestry on the ',object
is for the present withdrawn. " J. BICKNELL."
This Requisition refers to • Vestry which was railed for tire pur-
pose of refuting the charges logic:soli against the late Ihrrernois
anti Directors of the Parish, by the Committee appointed in March,
1321.

In regard to the laws which regulate the inheritance of pro-
perty, they ore as follows: When the perces die withont,
male issue, the whsle property, moveable and immoveable,
fulls into the hands of the Sultan. Nothing can be disposed of
according to the will of the parent, and the female children
are considered as if they did not exist. It is entirely at the
caprice of the tyrant, whether they shall be allowed to re-
tain the mall, at portion or not. So that the female sex are
frequently reduced from afluencc to the lowest state of po-
v:rty sed wretlekluces.
In the vise of great crimes, the proceedings are %Mr I
suimeary. The Governor of the ylace has the full miler '
of life and death in his hands ; and the wretched cuiffit
is not even allowed to make any representations ti .noble-
the truth or falsehood of the accusations against Litn. In
fact, the Pacha has absolute authority to dispose of the
lite, or confiscate the property, of thine under his rule,
under any pretext whatever that he may chute to assign.
Let us adduce a few examples which have come under our
own immediate cognizance. During the time of the late
deli Pacha there resided at Joanuina a person of family and,
education, who by his industry (which is a quality natural
to the Greeks) had acquired considerable property. 'This
person had a son, who was a remarkably hairlsome youth :
which coining to the cars o: Ali, he sent for the father to
attend him at is palace, and made a request to him that
his sun should he allowed to form a part of his seraglio, as
the custom is with the Turks ; and lie assured him that he
(Ali) would watch over the welfare of the youth. The
father, on hi :wing this request, was struck with terror and
astonishment; but being a tran of no Ices courage and in-
trepidity than integrity and honour, he replied, that his
head and those of his family were at the command of the
Pacha, but that while he remained alive, lie never would
consent to the proposal respecting his son. Ali, observing
his determination, dismissed him for the moment, engine,
that as be objected so strenuouely to his proposal, he would
not prim him further on the subject. lint scarcely, had the
father arrived at his home before an orier reached him,
commanding his departure from Joannina within three days,
and appointing Argyrocastro as the place of his exile. Im-
mediately on his leaving Joannina, in pursuance of this
order, the whole of Ins prrperty was confiscated, and he
was thus reduced from affluence to a state of the utmost
poverty and distress. It'llat follows is another example of
the niatiner in which Turkish tyranny is exercised. A
young man, who had formerly been a favourite in Ali's
seraglio, demanded in marriage the daughter of one of the
Primates of Agraeha ; but the father, attaching a due
value to the habits of life contrackel in a Turkish seraglio,
refused the person in question, as an unworthy and unfit
husband for his child. The young man, on meeting with
this repulse, went and complained of it to Ali Paella, who
immediately commanded the father to appear before him
at Joannina ; and tinkling that his determination was in-
flexible, not to give his daughter to the person in question,
he issued an order that none of his subjects should dare,
on pain of death, to wed with any of the daughters of the I
of reviling party; while lie obliged the father himself to
remain at Jeannine, absent from his family, fcr fifteen
years, during the whole of which tin.e he could not once
obtain permission to go and visit them.

At seven o'clock last evening, a Meeting of the Parishioners took
place, to consider the propriety of regulating the poor's-rate, the ap-
pointment of collectors, and otter parochial business of local interest.
As soon as the appointed hear of meeting arrived, the Vestry was
crowded to excess, and on the mo:ion of one of the parishioners, the
meeting adjourned to the Lody of the Church.
Nr, RITCHIE, Churchwarden, in the ('hair.
After the Vestry Clerk, (51r. Sutor) read the object for which the
parishioners asaembhal,
kir. Illismown addressed the meeting, avid entered into a detail
of the amount of the several parochial rates during the last and pre..
writ year. &c. By the estimate which he held in his hand. it ap-
peared that under the late Directors and Governors of the parish
tl:e expenditure was 16,0211. The new Governors and Directors
bad been appointed only on the 25th of March, from which to the
preen. time (the 9th of Sept.) was a retied short only by two weeks
of six months. During that period they expended 4,10111. which,
with an allowance of 539/. for the expenditure of the craning two
weeks, would make a total of 4,6201. Thus in one half year
they had saved an expenditure of at least 3,000/.; and he pledged
himself by their persevering exertions, this saying to the par:sh
should inerrant' and not diminish. (Hear bear.) The Report which
they published exposed what under the late management had been
done with respect to the lighting of the town. For this Report.
which he (Mr. H.) and others had made upon that subject, and
which he could pledge himself contained nothing hut facts, they
had been placarded over the town, and threatened with prosecution.
(Hear, hear.) lie ro,d those with whom lie acted cared not for retch
threat--it did not intimidate him, but he should feel degraded if he
saw such abuses in existence and made no effort to correct them.
(Hear, hear.) He and others WO! called Radicals fur their con.
duet--he was not a Radleal. 1

The preceding examples will probably be considered as
sufficient to 'hew forth the Inhuman tyranny which was
exercised by 62 Turkish Governors of Greece over their
unhappy Christian subjects, who could not be considered
as possessing the slightest security either for their property,
their honour, or their lives. In fact, he who was to-slay
living in comfort and ahluerce, might to-morrow be de-
priv.el of the means of procuring his daily bread, or even
of preserving his life.
And let it net he supposed that these acts of tyranny were
practised by one Pacha alone : this state of things existed
thr.m7hout the whole Turkish empire. That the lives of
the ("reek subjects of Turkey were considered as of little or
110 value, ar.cl the beheading of a human being was looked
upon as a mere trifle of no import, has been proved, during
the present revolution, especially•in the case of the un-
happy Sciots ; who were not codv all extertninated on the
L.king of their island, but some of them, who were residing
at Constantinople for mercantile purposes, were executed
on a mere suspicion (which was altorwart4 proved to have

been unfounded) that thee wore leagued with their brother irYPerVerlee to be derived from seen
inlanders in the rebellion. int* pay.
Such flagrant oppressions as the above, which the Greeks I 'l he several who would and who sou
iscandidateswere then prt;:e:bted, when the number of
/ votes
yotiartassiotie . by! spew
. ofc hands
were undergoing every day, were sorely truf9cient to rouse j Mr. Jeri; an . . - 45
a people, however degraded and debased by a stopifying Mr. illurfird - .50 I slr. Tailor . . - 9
slavery, and to once them on to a desperate resirtance This mode of taking the sense of the Vestry was • very Mae..
against these who ceuld set the most sacred rights
of hu-
tt at this hoar katght a.clack)llW4 very dark• and the show of hands
warily at defiance. And, in fact, the plan of eirai i-
. quote way of aecortaining the opinion of the Meeting. as the Chords
i was with di acuity discernible. During the election we noticed an
paling Greece was at first set on foot, not so much from a effort which wee made hr a person who had his beck to the majority
desire to govern, as •on a principle of pure self-dzfellee I --• of the Meeting (and took no notice of the chew of hands whatev)
principle le Melt God has instillt tl not only into man, bit to tura the election against Mr. Suter. by excleiming a wrong
numberof votes in favour of hie opponent. The Vt-ury Clerk very
into every the meanest member of the animal creation.
It may here be remarked, that Greece was in fact neiter
entirely cotiqut rid, or totally subjected to the yoke of the' g.retteil to observe some leadin, mower, at the Xleethig. wtsooo ae-
properly resisted this shamdbl attempt at delusion. to which we re.
Turks; for the latt:r haw always, ever since they first ; tenance.
twit', appeared others oe laneoble, were disposed to lend a pennon
invaded Europe, been at war with some district or other of A poll was demarded in Career of Me. Taylor. but after a&-
Epirus and the Morca. And undoubtedly it was the noble tultory convenortion the demand wan withdrawn. and the cm-
and heroic resistance which the Suliotes sustained for 18 ' Inver' were appointed at the rate of 41. in the pound for due edits..
years against ell the intrigues and all the forces of the it.on.ce-with atn mono:ratan that it would be probably increases! to six-
formit table Ali, together with the continued warfare of the 1 A Parishtner remarked on the impropriety of several reeneettiblo
Man'ootes, which at last induct d the Greeks to believe that and solvent permits being returned ato.r3oers on the Collectors'
'. whildit: not par the rite.
the barbarous hordes by which they hod been so long !ts'eks. and mentioned the name of an individual of respeetahiltty
oppressed were not so formidable as they had hitherto
eziercedauseintgethwe.asera e of Old person, end w:s
been reckoned, if they could but be opposed by courage tar that he ,Plieene.e—c!,,,,u'e jolly feliew (s laugh).
and perseverance. It is scarcely needful to do more than Mr. Ilasiortn, after a variety of twee bueuseFs lint been di.-
refer, in passing, to the instance of Parga, an important !euesed and disposed of. celled the attention of the Vesery, to the rum
seaport town of Epirus. The courage and watchfulness which wan; collected for briefs ;It was a fund fur the humane put,.
cf the free-minded inhabitants of this town preserved' P°se
pnefge:llliteurri!o:l4Pew7Lelso mire br deeeest"Tilyte hbey I;luternediti
e orttiotriee.-
them from ever being conquered by the Turks ; arid had circus of petet.ol; Ati er rut-Mons o to the uurchwavolen. (Mr.l.'oolint
not Varga been surrendered by treaty to Ali Pacha it'ettut on the subject of :his tits, and sr: the manlier in whieb the money
four years ago, Greece would still have to boast of one ?Tot collected for fl was disposed of.
luny' Mr. letarosu.—ls there not a sum for briefscolleaed in this
at least of her sacred soil, which had remained for , parish ?
centuries unpolluted by the foot of the Mussulinans. I Ai TOOLTN.-I'oo know there is.
The general bad policy then of the Turkish government, 1 Mr. is
r. ..A1,10111).—‘W ill you 01 the amount of that Tate collected?
and their rooted hostility to all improvement, added to the ' Mr. Tooerw.—No. rot here!
natural industry of the Greeks, and their desire to culti- Mr. Heatosn—Win you tell how it has been ffspoted of?
votethe .trts and sciences, and through them the civiliza-
Mr. TeatlN —I will not.
tion which they were jnstified in believing to have been !t 31irei HreelatuctosaTt Otnienctrefss.ored to 11r. Creel , worod, who, though et.
almost native to their sacred mil; —these causes Were all ' Mr. rloolin admitted thatm
there nttas :soon on
4rt
al
subject
dimmerat tree
sure, one day or other, to come into action. In fact, the : linen Man, net of the charity, which he attempted to justify by
Greeks never ceast il to desire a change from the state oft long usage. As he (Mr. 'lemma) coedit not procure intOrmmiui:
comparative barbarism in which they found themselves; - from these gentlemen, he could we alai be more successful by ap-
/ it.sortiottion to thenßtfaledns intent the Ecclesiastical Court. It wes shame-
but unhappily they were never, until- lately, able to meet dine thes expense
erotfoasterrilng
hruimtyin, whichy
with a ft kador to aid aid enceurage them its this desire, was instituteday for
Riga, a tnatt full of a patriotic love of his country, and ' (Hear, hoer.}-IVhat would the parish think Wet sixteen or seven-
moreover gifted with considerable talents and leaning, teen pounds collected for this charity, two or three pounds only
was the fire. who began to contemplate the means of , were appropriated to the purposes of tile charity. oo.tAl the Templed-,
emineipating the Greeks lien) their unhappy condition ; swit,i,,,:ueittc,dhefrorwoua ri.,iiinert at at ttrectinnt
in?stedi'iriisese
:test'. stvetti,einsieby pe.tone
lend he even organized a plan for this purpose, and brought I Mr. Toot's (soh warmth)—What is it to yea bow I dire at
matters so near to the wished-for point, that there can be' home?
little dbubt Greece would at that time (in I; 99) have ae- 1 Mr. 11A1401,711—1 Oen% care hew yoo dine at 1101 WC : but it in a
Ferret( and maintained her freedom, if unfortunately his I matter of concern to Vie public to know how you dine at their ev-
piens had not been prematurely discovered, and he tim-
rireoel"Celdibedmiotheavteri'lluttKihtlticre nanundibarVfaflre;) Tlibehwwen" "enrlien'T.
self given up by Austria as a sacrifice to the Parba of returned, and pledged himeelf,eethat eeiw with wthleesesietaeeere.ceet I:efrealet
Belgrade. But it should seem that that was not the ap- Collectors, and she persevering support of the ('erish, he would ef..
pointed period, and that R;ga only served to lay the form- foct a ralnetion to the extent he had canoe, or would pledge
hiniotelf to pay it to the parish. (Hair.)
dation file that Grecian regeneration which was to be
effected through the 'imtnediatc efforts of Al..xantler er;iiens Ir. Gto.elt!TCet alltsetocon:plained of aandindividnal, w:dto, for ttis.et -
Ypsilanti ; who, though he was himself unsuccessful in of plate by le parish. parochial
e(esfrrml). iitbchieirgliseeennotled with
IP
alritil:
It alkali& ed inrousing the spirit of the whole to that effect. That individual (whose name we forbear Its men.
Greek popuract.dto that great enterprise, of which wc non) had, since he got the plate. beceone writhe, and no further
if any person
NI la our wit paper more particularly to speak. exerted himself in .their SCTriCe. -would row second
tos motton, Inc would move that thee riven be now called upon to
refund the novae). paid for that plate.
This prrpowtion was reneived with an estar.-eiion of surprix snot
with bloomer by the Aleeting. It was not sammted.
The thanks of the Vestry were returned to :he gerdenien whose
exertions mad effected the rettuctiOns in the parochial rates; and
also to the Churchwarden, who eesureil time that no exertion
should be wanting on his part to procure the interests of the
pariah.
The Vestry then disposed of local bushwes, of no public inte.
nest, after which it separated se half-plat nine o'clock.

MEETING of :I.e LONDON' noc-ir PROPRIETORS

A Court of Proprietors of the Landau Docks assembled at ors
o'clock pursuant to advertisement., r.t their house, in
l'eirre's-s,rert, for the puepose of mastic:in the esprdleacy of
colarging the trorbs?f the Cammaux. _

3lr. SULLY hi.the Chair.

When the advertisemett, by which.qac Court had been convene&
was read,
The CIIAIn3rAN stated, ant thcioirretors conceiving it nears
sir> to enlarge the works of the Conyaey, had testi% cei to tali a
Court of Pr.:meters, in older to snitant to them their ideas upon
the subject. The Company was in 'on some waste round,
ut the east end of the Doeks, and Ase proposal to be aohnittfti was-.
that that ground should be appropriated to the excavation if vaults.
and the erre:ion of warehouses. Au estimate of the expenses at-
:toiling the proposed iniprovernents, had been given by Daniel
Alexander nod George Chapman, Esqrs. t these gentlemen were
of opinion that the ectiensca wonld not exceed 3011.01,01.
A I%room ETOII asked If there were not r.-tunily some vacant
warelmorcs at that moment; and also, if the Docks had been
found inadequate to the reception of thar numbs of vessels apply.
ing,for admittance.
The Ctiata max allot:ea that the de..:ks were capable of at.
csmodating more vessels than were (Ter at any one time within
them, and also that they had vacant warehouses. In fact, altbougt.
their trade was in a flourishing condition, yet it did not keep pace
with the improvements of the Company's works. There was.
nevertheless. a scarcity of room for wi.rehousing wine; and pull.
tical circumstances remitted it probable that that want of 10017.
would be more seriously felt, unless the twesent plan was adopted.
In he present state of South America, Pirtugal was cautious cf
rending her produce thither, .and its this state of things might con.
tinue for some time, the probability was that warehouse room lot
1300 pipes of wine would In required.
A PROPRIETOR inquired i(this measure was not caused by tts
intended erection of the St. riatherine's and the South Lontisa
Docks.

A DINTCTOIt. obserrod, that tl-e rrercnt enla►getne't o: t!e
Docks would better enable them to coati:etc with these totrpan•e-.
which as yet were only in embryo.
A PnoentErou asked if it would tot be better to wait a 'ex
months, to ascertain whether Parliament would sanction the bi.l
far t;:st erzetion of St. liatharineo Docks.

The CITAIEMAX repliod, that it would then be too late, as
' their charter would expire in January. 1t26. Ile had also to men-
tion that the Directors proposed raising the money by loan, and
did not contemplate increasing the capital of the Company.
A PROPILIETOR asked if no commpnication had been 11.1t1 wig
Government on a subiect so vitally important to the interests of :he
Company as the erection of the St. Katherine's Dock ?
A Lltarerba replied. that when the subject was first broached,
the Directors applied to the lim•crnment, and sued how injtiiim.s
the proposed plan most prove to the interests of the Company :
stating also that no individuals would embark a capitalof:l,:kaketit:.
in the erection of eatentire works for the imprvvement of :he trade
of London upon a charter for the limitrit tern* of 21 years, IatICIS
they had an expectation of its renewal. The t'omparty did not wart
a monopoly. but they did think they had a right to the exclusive
patronage of Government.
A Matt:von observed upon the probability of the gentle-flea
about forming the St. Katherine's Dock Company, giving up tt v‘r
project, if the present meeting should concur in the views of the
Directors.

A conversation ensued amongst several of the Proprietor*. af!zr
which the re:lowing Itesolutioa was carried by a considerable
jority
" That the M.:aeons be empowered to erthrpt the Doi ss a-. 1
Warehouses of the Company, as to them mi.:ltt seem proper, r.•.
tided the expeaccs did MA exceed ,",Ott.0001.'•

Mr. U. R—ITCHIE.-1 int-ve bccn called a rebel this mcming for
the same thing. (A laugh.)
A voice in the croad exclaimed--" lie person so addressed me
I'd knock him down." (Applause and laughter.)
Mr. liamovn resumed. After having detailed to them what
had been done under the new management which they appointed,
he would propose, as a further step felVards the parochial reform
and correction of abuses, in which they had been hithetto so suentes.
fuL that en alinternent take place in the poor's-rates from Is. Rd.
to Li. A resolution to this effect was, after a brief desultory eon.
venation, carried unanimously. 1
The next resolution was one of course, referring to the cleaning 1 Tne Aamv.—The First Division of the .57tb (Wed:
of the streets, &e. and was carried unanimowly. Middlesex) regiment of Foot sailed on the 3d instant tea
Mr. HARIORD, in proposing the next resolution, which "hied i hoard the Blade Merchant, transport, from Cork for
to the appointment of Collector, raid, that it was his inienieon to
follow it up with a resolution, that whoever might be appointed !Chatham. The Depot of the Itoval African Colonial
should he only paid 4d. in the pound instead of sixpence. Taking 1 Corps is stationed at the Isle of Wigbt.
Into consideration how the value of money had fallen from five
the Macadamization of the Strand
too; I We are surprised that among the improvements in the
if po,
and 3i percent. lie thought this a Trey fair payment for officers an. streets of the metro lis
ployai l the discharge of this duty. Iv the mode of collection a very , .
coositizr.ble saving might he effected, and it wu the dal in,d in. lot neglected. No thoroughfare would more statisCacteri:y
krest of the parishioners to regulate the collection at an riui. I try the experiment, nor would ha success be any whete
table Tate. Considerable antics had hitherto prevailed in thcnscde I more complete.
of cofieetion Ihe particularly alluded to. the case where one col- I From thn Calcutta papers it appears that the Tread-iriil
has been applied, b an inhabitant of Surat, to the pr..
lector had , cecra! houses, and erased his own name from the books
without substituting that of any of these renting who tenanted his
~,. . I
houses. lie hoped that those on whomsoever the appointnaent PL,,"lng of boat!.
might fall woubt perform the duty more effectively than it had LaTIiNSITL liorneay.—Jnfeernatien was yesterday te -
hitherto been done. There was at present on the ravish books at. ceived at the Police Office, Bow-:trot, of the following
uncollected rats of 7,1391. lie %scold net himself impose any daring robbery: Between the hours of twelve and ono
pawn, as he was of no party, and had no interest beyond the wet. o'clock, as Mr. James, a collecting clerk in the bankin.--
fare lied -s ief of the pariah. ,
Mr. TOOLIM (Churchwarden) proposal that Mr. T 302, and horse of Messrs. Snow and Co., Strand, wad returuiti
Mr. Some, the present Collectors, should continue in edfi:c. from the City, he was hustled near Shot-lane, Flee t-st-, et,
Another parishioner proposed the name of Mr. Burford, and a an I robbed of bis note-ease, which contained about lin, ‘,..'. iri
third that of Mr. bigot. . &ink paper, two of which were for .5.!0!. ; the numbers are
Mr. Su ron hoped that before they deprived him of a siting:on ail known and every means have been taken to prey( ::t
from which he derived his bread, they would consider the 1.01/ef • ' • i •
their being put into eneulatum. A reward of .Soo.. ie o'.. he possessed of doing his dun ;he had always acted up to that
power coracientiously art' ditigently.—dier.r. hear.)-1( they ap. fend for the apprehension of the person or pc:sons coio.
pointed new Collectors, with new and augmented powent, that w.-41 c med.
not giving a fair trial to the present racers. as those newly ap. Ex EC VTION or JAMF% RES' Notre, FOR M nenva.—
pointed would possess greater mama and fraitties of discharging This wretched young man was executed at Delwin:v. on
their duty. A. to the amount of rams, which appeared frau his .
ast, pursuant to his sentence, at the last We :Is
book was uncollected, he begged to say, that many of the palms Monday l
whose rames were these vs thwn, were now receiving the henetit I ASIIIZCS. tic was only 19 years of age, of short stature,
of the poor's rates of the pnri.h. The debts were pod and bad, florid campkxion, and Wick hair. The prisoner's te.
and it was not easy to ascertain the exact amount of these which haviour sir •:e his condemnation was quite changed ; he an-
would or would not be paid.
, eared anothcr man, ear.° wledgi el the justness of hit
Mr. 1111310110 1, aid, tiat the collector should elliiiingaida tam p , ,
s. ntence, and became vi: penit:nt, .slot, and resicied
debts which were lived from those which were not se. I •
Mr. Seto' sepiiel, that, ti'ey ccuhl orly be ascertained h 7 the t., his fate.

Same Proprietors, who were diesaMtfled with the Chamnan't..!•!..
(+don in favour of the Ayes upon the %hew of hsnus, reqoired
ballot, but it appearing from a by-law of the Company that no
ballot could take plate unlr+s a paper to that erect was howled to
the eiriirrnan, signed by nine of the Proprietors, they riecoiescxi
is the original ileci.ion.

It appt;ted to us that the majority was uneteatiot.able.
