wo an indefensible nuisance without reference to the
_vac. '
Oral means ; but with one feeling, and with a voice of unammity,
Xstate that it was a system which religion disapproved, and the
Web Constitution temithated, the objection which he took was
the thusdnvolving the subject of relleion in the question. Religion
was a subject very ft to he referred to. in that House as a rule
of moral conduct, but not as a matter of political and praetieal
discussion. lie stated on that occasion thst unquestionably the
spirit of Christianity had, in the course of ages. made the state ot
slavery which it found prevailing over the world when it was in.
troducol, fade gradually before it; that at the same time be
believed no prescript would be found where Christianity denounced
or prohibited that state; but that Christianity had, on the con-
trary. existed in various countries in tonjunction with the esta-
blishment of Orrery. Ile thought. therefore, that the irropmition,
if it meant anyth ng more than that of expressing the religious
feeling of „persons on the subject, proved too much. It proved
that in all ages of the world the spirit of Christianity had been
contravened by slavery; that the progress through that evil had been
slow in proportion and in degree in which it ought to have ex-
ploded it, and consistently with the incompatibility of which the
800. Gentleman had spoken. So with respect to the British Con.
stitatinn. But if it could be proved that both Christianity and
that Constitution had not existed with, but had sanctioned and
even promoted slavery, then undoubtedly the proposition of the
Hen. Gentleman was untrue. But surely it was new in history
that for ages the British Parliament—the first Parliament of the
Best country in the world. had knowingly, and with their eyes
opt, tolerated in part of the dominions of the Crown to which that
Parliament was connected, the existence of a state of slavery, with-
out-any qualification ; nay. for an age or more they countenanced
and encouraged that condition. But did he infer from this that it
was not their duty as fast as possible to effect the entire extinction
of this system ? Certainly not. (Cheers.) The difference between
the Hon. Gentleman's resolution and those by which it was super.
ceded was this: that as the resolution propose I by the lion.
Gentleman allowed of no modification and no restriction in its
application, if It had been agreed to. would admitted of no
qaalification in the mode of effecting its ohjee:. while the reaulu—
tarn, which were adopted by the House pointed to the means lead-
ing to a gradual, pro'greasive, cautious, and prudent subjugation of
the system;
,anti •r.ot to orerdnow at one blow that which religion
bad tolerated, and the British Constitutien had not thought it ne-
cessary to destroy. Then he wished to see, and that the House
should see, to what it was they were pledged. They were
pledged, not as the Honourable Gentleman 'had described.
to take the business out of the hands of Government, and to
adopt sudden measures for the instant emancipation of the colo-
nial slaves. But what the House were pledged to do was to aim at
the extinction of the system by the most practical measures, and to
arrive at it by prudent and slow degrees. If the conduct of the
Government was to be regulated by the resolution* of the House,
and not to be controlled by the spirit and principle of that resolu-
tion which they superseded. he hoped to satisfy the House that, in
their own way,and according to titecourse which they had prescribed,
the Government had not been slow. had not been unsteady. or an.
mindful of the duty which those resolutions imposed noon them.
Those resolutions were passed in the mouth of May, 11123. The
coarse which Government took was, to transmit a Copy of those
resolutions to the colonies, and they were in the first instance
to be accompanied with a recommendation anti an exhorts.
ton for adoption, leaving it however to the colonies to deter.
trine the most advisable mode of carrying the measures recom.
mended into effect. It was hoped that this course would have
been effectual, and that the different load governments would have
entered into the views of Parliament, not only without the fleece.
sty of' a show of coercion, brit with every degree of readiness and
promptitude. In this hope he regretted to say his Majesty's Go-
vernment were disappointed, and in consequence of that disappoint.
went, in the following year. 1824, he had the hauteur to state to the
Honourable Gentleman (Mr. F. Buxton) anti to the House the ex-
pedient to which his Majesty's Government had resorted. That
expedient was to embody in an Order of Concert measures which
to the Government appeared most necessary to be adopted for the
reformation and amelioration of the negro population, sod to
transmit that order to those colonies over which the Government
had an immediate power without the intervention of a local &seem-
tdy, anti also to transmit a copy of the order to the other colonies
where there were legislatures, and recommend them to adopt the
regulations cor.tairol in the order. This was done in the year 11124.
Now the Hon. Gentleman opposite had stated that this latter met.
sure of the Government had been totally without effect; that nothing
bad been done—in same places even worse luau nothing; and
that the returns were of such a nature as to show that Parliament
was now called upon to resume the power in its own hands, and to
take some immediate steps therein fbr the more precipitate mom-
ptithment of their object. The Hon. Gentleman had stated that he
fMr. Canning) had on a former occasion (and it was true he had) said
that if there should appear nu the part of the Colonial Legislatures
a spirit of contumacy, and a determined resistance to the views of
Parliament and the recommendations of Government,--that when
that ease arose. Government would not hesitate °erne down to
Parliament for commie'. When he male this declaration. undoubt-
edly he did not mean to imply that if he thought a fit case did
arise that there would not be horrid a power in this House to inter.

- ,
tete, and if necessary to compel the adootion of the measures which
it might deem tspential to the "Orate and safety of the colonies to
Le effected. The whole question between him and the lion.
I;ecdernan to-day, therefore, (supposing the subject to be regularly
before the House) would be, whether such a case had mitten ; and
whether it was necessary at this moment for Parliament to recon-
sider the question ; to take a new course, and a more direct anti
precipitate interference with the Colonies? Although he thought
there was much to regret and much to blame in the conduct of the
Colt nits, he was not prepared to ray that a case of contumacy had
)et strived. He still entertained an expectation that the measures
would be finally adopted s he would further hope to the last; he
wou'd rather hope tenger than perhaps fair reasoning would jut.
arty. than he would precipitate a step which could be Justified only
be the strongest necessity. (hear, hear,) and pregnant with con.
sequences which he should be sorry to bring either on this country
or on the Colonies themselves. (Hear, hen.) With respect to the
conduct of the Government. he believed he was at liberty to
assume that the points contained in the Geier of Council trued to
Trinidad were, upon the whole, in accordance with the resolutions
of the House. They might, perhaps, have gone father, and no
doubt many other measures would in the progrees of time be proper
and necessary to establish ; but in the first instance at least he
**ought they were such se It would be most prutlce! and most tote-
tei to legislate upon. He had not heard of any opposition to those
Treasures of any material consequence. There were some persons
he knew in the Vest Indies who considered those measures to be
rashly introduced ; but lie had not heard of any opposition which
the Hon. Gentleman (Mr. F. Buxton) thought it necessary to
suppress by Parliamentary interference.
Mr. BROUGHAM made an observation across the table, which
was quite inaudiblein the gallery.
Mr. Secretary CANNING resumed. The proposition he was
stating would perhaps be more correctly expressed if he were to
say that no material point had been wholly omitted, (hear, hear,)
althotegdebere were shades, which, in a more matured state of the
question, he might perhaps have wished had been considered. But
with regard to the measures in general, with some modification or
the other, he apprehended nothing had been omitted. Now the
points in the Order of Council were these :—The first measure re-
garded religious Instruction, including keeping hallowed the Sun.
dee ; the second was for the abolition of the whip as a stimulus to
labour ; the third related to the celebration of marriage between
the negroes; the fourth, that the property of the slaves should be
protected ; the fifth related to the manumission of slaves, whet her
by the master or by purchase; the sixth was for regulation con-
cerning the sale of slaves, as attached to the land ; the seventh re-
garded the admission of slaves in certain cases, and under certain
regulations ; the eighth was for the modification of punishment, and
the abolition of the whip with repot to women; and the ninth
related to the establishment of savings' bank.. Now in addition to
Trinidad, in which all these matters had been can led under the autho-
rhy of the Crown into effect, there were 12 other colonies which bad
their local legislatures. There wall:!190 the Island of Mauritius; but
t',e regulations would be there enforced by an Order in Council.
But these twelve colonies had etcher legislatures or were in some
degree governed by a local authority. According to the latest ac. '
counts received by Government he found that of religious instruc-
tion and the battOwlng-of the Sunday, with some modlficationor,
eight out of the twelve had taken cognizance of that regula.
ems. With regard to the repletion of' evidence, seven out of the
twelve either had it before, or had since adopted it. With respect
to the celebration of marriage he was ashamed to say that only five
had embraced that regulation ; with regard to the Ire,aity of pro.
prey either eight bad taken cognizance of is. or hart bed it before;
with regard to manumission must of the colonies either had the
regulation in a more perfect state, or had now adopted it ; with
reed to the sale of slaves separated from the estates only four had
adopted it; but with respect to this regulation it was but fair to
say, that the exceptions made to it were rather of a legal than a
moral nature, and which was a difficulty that did net depend upon
the colonies*. Whit respect to mars-separation of the family only
tire had adopted the regulation on that subject. With respect to
the modification of the punishment of the whip. eight had adopted
it in one way or the ofher. With regard to the punishment of
women, he was sorry to say only tire had adopted it. although
it Seemed to him one of the easiest, the plainest, and cheapest
modes of evincing it disposition on the part of thetolonies to com-
ply with the wishes of Parliament ; anti he would declare that if
there was one part more than another of the lion. Go.ntlemsn's plan
which he was inclined himself to adopt rather than his own, It was
that ; for a resistance to which there really could be no pretence
whatever (Hear, hear), except it was to display a disposition to
My in the lace of Parliament. (Hear, hear.) With regard to sav-
ings' banks. the House must be aware there were difficulties neces.
sway attending such a measure ; but In two Instances (as we un.
dentood the Hight lism. 'Gentleman to say) establishments had
taken place. Now lie wished the House not to conceive that he
made this statement as a satisfactory result. Far from it ; but the
question they Wert now discussing, or n.ther which the lion. Gen.
Brume had drawn him in fo discuss, was whether the time was
come where a resistance to the recommendations of Parliament on
the part of the Colonies was surh, and whether they were so obsti-
nate and contumacious In their conduct as to make it abso.
lately re-Timmy fur the House to abandon the enure which
they had hitherto pursued, and to begin another course,
which if stirred he had no hesitation in saying would ultimately
involve the quewtion of ultimately tattier! time power of legislation
for the Notre front the colonies, a quevien which it was ot tbelast
importance not unnecessarily to agitate. lle would not pretend to
say that the late pencentinr of the principal legislature, the prin.
canal in point of wealth, extent, and consequence, with respect to
toe course they had taken in reference to some of the regulations,
partictilsrly that regarding evidence, had been such as he could
approve ; their mitotic' hail certaioly inspire, him with sentiments
which he salad not express. (Hear. hear.) He confessed that
when :it the same monicat be had tke pruceetliege of some late
