G RE EC E.

In the Brisish Press of Thursday last, a short descrip-
tion was ineerted of the three gentlemen who first came
over to this country as Deputies from Greece. One of
those gentlemen, Mr. Zaimis, returned to Greece very soon
after the second loan had been contracted for by Messrs.
Ricardo. Mr. Orlando, in the letter which aprared in the
British Press the same day (Thursday last) announced his
intention of retuniing to his family at Hydra, leaving, how-
ever, bellied him Mr. Luriottis, who, by an oiniesioti of the
printer, was described as a junior partner in the longed-
established and tnost wealthy house of Mal city—the city
referred to (Leghorn) being omitted.
The following particulars relative to Mr. Spaniolacki,
who, on the return of Zaimis to Greece, was sent out tie
take his place as Deputy here, may at this moment be in-
teresting :—This gentleman, Mr. Spaniolacki, according to
the letter published in this j9urial on the 26th ult., has
beta appointt d by a Commie:eon of the National Assembly
to investigate the accounts of the other Deputies, and to
supersede them altogether, as it would seem, in the situa-
tion they had previously filled. Mr. Orlando has cast some
doubt upon theta ter of the Commission to Mr. Spaniolacki,
by stating that the " recall said to have been issued by the
new Gov.rnment of Ortece had not been received by him
in his capacity of Deputy." It is somewhat singular that
the Greek Government, in revoking its powers, should
have left the parties, to whom the powers were given,
without any direct notice of the revocation. The letter,
too, addressed to Mr. Spaniolacki, is dated so long back
as the 22d day of June last, and must have been in Mr.
tlpaniolackee possession for several weeks past. Be this,
however, es it may, Mr. Spaniolacki considers the letter as
a sufficient authority to bun, and has been in active com-
munication with all those who are more immediately con•
netted with Greek affairs, and has intimated his intention
of being present at the meeting of the Greek Bondholders
which has been convened for this day. From these cir-
cumstances, Mr. Spaniolacki will necessarily attract much
attention, and, o t that sect unt, inquiries, the result of
which is given below, were instituted.
Mr. Spaniolacki, it is understood, is a native of Smyrna,
and his teal name Carajozi. About twenty years ago lie
was a clerk in the house of Giordano, Oneto, and Co. at
Cadiz. He remained with them several years, and on
leaving their employ, it is raid, lie borrowed some money
of a Mr. Pond, and engaged in trade on his own account,
but being unsuccessful, he subsequently quitted Cadiz, and
weed to Hydra. At Hydra he obtained employment with
Messrs. Tonsbassis, who are merchants of considerable
wealth and inflitenee at that place. Upon the breaking out
of the Revolution, Mr. Carajozi became a soldier under
Ypsilanti; but a few months afterwards lie was at Astros,
where he acted as secretary to one of the Messrs. Tomhaesis
and Mr. Buduri, who were delegates to the National As-
sembly from Hydra. It is not known with certainty when
Mr. Carajozi assumed the name of Spaniolacki, but from
an early period after his return to Greece from Hydra
he has gone by that name. It is well known that the
private feuds and intrigues of the Members, who have
from time to dine composed the provisional Government of
Greece, have greatly retarded the hopes and the success of
the Greek nation. _No individual
.has, perhaps, excited

more jealousy than Conduriottis, and none.hare been more
oppos•Al to hint than Tombassis and Buduri. At the time
Zaimis returned to Greece from London, the influence of
Conduriottis had eery much declined, and Mr. Carajosi,
through the medium of Tombastis and Buduri, and other
opponents of Conduriottis, was appointed to succed Zaimis
here. In the former statement it was noticed that Mr.
Orlando was the brother-in-law of Conduriottis, and, from
the tenor of Mr. Orlando's letter, it is to be feared that the
spirit of opposition existing on the part of Tombassis and
Buduri towards Conduriottis has been extended to his
brother-in-law, Mr. Orlando, and his colleague, Mr. Lu-
riottis. _ _

Every true friend to the cause of Greece must regret the
existence of these unfortunate differences amongst those
who take a leading part in its councils, and who ought to
be united in the closest bond of amity against their com-
mon enemy. In a country, however, emerging, as Greece
now is, from a state of the most abject slavery, it must be
expected that jealousies should prevail. No individual is
likely to be found possessing sufficient influence and
talent to inspire that unlimited confidence which is so es-
cmtially ; n quisite and slavery and despotism naturally
;;;:ntrate mistrust.

CHANGE'fuss.—Three /Millings is the price now
paid for weaving a piece of stuff goods at Bradford, for
which ss. was when- the weavers turned out last
summer for an )ti
advance of wages. _ .

—....__. _. _.._ ..
Iltasey—DUNDES., Aca. 19.—An unprecedented case
of piracy has occurred at the port. The sloop Archduke,
belonging to Dundee, 69 tons register, ready for sea, and
bound for Shields, was cut out of this harbour on the night
between Sabbath and Monday last; she had but moored in
the tide harbour, within the east protection wail, and it is
supposed she was cut out before midnight, as a vessel, in
every respect resembling her, was seen passing the Dana-
burgh, London Packet, at the mouth of the Tay, between
two awl three o'clock on Monday morning. About two
o'clock on Monday afternoon, the Athol steam-packet was
got under weigh, and proceeded out of the Tay as far as
the Bell Rock Light-house in pursuit, but she returned
late in the eveniug, without havng been able to trace the
course of the fugitive. One of the sloop's crew, named
Mitchell, was left on board the preceding evening, in
charge of the vessel, and he has not been since seen ;
whether lie is an accomplice in the piracy, or was forvioly
carried away in the sloop, is unknown. it is generally re-
ported that he was in a state of intoxication when 00 let.t:d
on the Sabbath evening,. Every means for d:scoveting
, whither the vessel has been carried will be taken, mid it is
I much to be wished that the perpetrators ofllleo daring a
Icrime should be discovered and brought to justie.—Cutt-
&mite,' ltcr:ury. .

THE BRITISH PRESS.
