1) RV-LA N TM E TR P.

A new tragedy, entitled The Carib C 14,1; "Ai
lust pro•loced. ft is, We nottrrstatet the
jorodnetion of Doeace. Twist. E-q. » oeiithowisi
known in the liter try world Iry a volume of tight
poems, which he publi•lted ;1•41 • /4,4,.. .1.111
two or three poetical trildr.eses, w-art, set re it—
livered on the stage. 0,1 th•s ~,r oiitit, he. for the
first ton ,'snarl r essratiotv he
cannot he thrilled altogether an unsnecesful wooer.
L' kV 111. st polo: if raMshots. he his tritetlko.o
vimpier ii;ori, far ',serest, of He has ino
tiplird tits so xteio•sely. :nil
them so of•eit on ter- s••• it-, that, syttlioni a Ion;
and paiiitial iitycsoga•tiiii, those whose is!wo-0.1.
stare is essential to the catastropliss. an I tit +so
whose presence mig•lit he dispensed with e'traisetlier,
are confounded in the course of the play, and ohne
the fnble is enveloped in diode and tileicarity. "Tice
author has already furnished th • n•stisee of the clot.
racier. (we wish all dramatic write.• wsuld itintete
the example). and, therefore, we are freed flisi
the necessity of detailing them. The plot turns
on the implacahl- desire or revenge whirls ringed
its the bosom of thareah, the Catih Puttee
of Southern Dominica, who has h.-ets her. ft of
his wife and child—of his dominion+ and of hii
liberty—by a French invatlieg force, coin ii..iitlstl
by the Since itioNtallaert„ the Governor of (19.04-
loupe and DOlllllllO4. Sixteen year, pissed it,
slavery, have not blunted the acute feelings • ilnt-
reak. Escaped from the dungeon its Gold d ogre;
where Musitalbert had held him. a oh-award alai
lonely captive, he lands in Dammica. breathing olio
most fearful denunciation against the pained arttil.
dress of Europe. He argaitises an positives-I.lmo
against those who have barbarously ilespoileii
of all that rendered life Wescott—awl he mattes
his brother, .111elock, the Prince of Norbert. Do.
mioica, who has long succumbed to French doom.
nattiest, but anxiously await. a favourable eppnriu.
nity for throwing off the hated yoke, to ail him
with his forces. Nalack, fearful that the ratite
powers are not sufficiently strong successfully to
drive out the French invader, ha.
tottered 111111 4
treaty with Trefasis, aIl i I% I o...i•er, hid. if e
latter covenant,. to assist liim in elf-suing Ilia iihkes,
with tt body of British troops. Tr.frisis hail, two
years before, been defeated by .11onialkert iis an
attempt to place Dominica beht.oh the weal of
England, and war, by his conquerit, closely con.
fined in Gusdallitioe. Muntalbett, it appt
had, :it the time whets lie first lavaged the whim.,
saved from destruction on interestiog chili!, the
daughter of some unlieppy native. over whose in.
Fria years he had watched with almost parr utrl.
anxiety. Claudine, fur so the orphan was mom 41,
at her year. 111121 ease, increaors in mental and :a. s-
itonal at tractions. Trafusic bs comes "mosso.• re 1 of
her—and (the. French. and English naives heitig
theft at peace) she is betrothed to 111111. nl.l. I h.-
•erfret coiscurretice of Manialbert. The Fretico
Chief. however, ultimately leek the poser f
Clandina's eita,aia-41141, alter the defeat of Tee.
causes a report of his d. at ii In lie citroil
whilst lie is lane iiishing in prison. lie pr-pses fun
suit. with Chtudina, unit site at length relettainsity
becomes his bride. Trclusii is freed (ruin his ion.
prisontuent, by Curb..!, a Carib Priest—nod the
tragedy opens at the moment when those who owe
to act a ptincipal part in it, have strived from Gana
daloupe. at Dominica. MoNtulhear, ou taking
the command of the principal for, discover. that
Curbal hats been the agent employed by .114,e11
to negociate a treaty with the Eitglislt, and lie
dusts him to be executed. Kaihtliade, fir mi..
ther of Caria!, and the fostei-nio•li,•r of .11oHt.d.
berg, uoixiool to save the life of her lieloveil
son, coosents to admit thutreah, and the C,irih ion r,
into the fortress. The plan succeeds—and Aka.
halbert, to whom Omreah attributes all his injor les—
for whose blood lie has never ceased to thirst, trill
the hour of hie discomfiture—becomes his prison
One victim cannot satiate s. his great revenge"—s
but, when be learns that the yawing n't beautiful
Claudina, the bride of Montalbert, ht, vowel,
his exultation bursts forth with savage ferocity. Ile
rejoices in the idea, that fortune has ;Kest-wed lam
with the glorious opportunity of making his I'r II
enemy feel pangs dreadful as those which he ex-
perienced, when Montalbert's soldiery murdered
his wife even in los presence. Trrfusis, who has
assisted in the capture of the fortress. end abhors
the vindictive disposition of the Carib elites.,
seeks to counteract his scheme of vengeance. Ile
facilitates the flight of Llaudina—and, w grui a.
lie has been by Monialbert, lie magnanimously for-
gives she injuriea which have bee •I si ll eted riot loin.
and enables Ismn to escape froin his pi ison. Ilu,reak
is filled with fury, when lie discover. that his
tended victims have eluded his sigilaiice, and lie
determines that Trefusis,satto acknowledges that iie
set the privoners at liberty, shall die in itself room.
Clatullwas who is, at the moment, passitig iiiroogli
the Carib encampment in di-guise, leuros, wito
horror, the' impending fate of her generiiiis hoar .
Anxious to save his life, she conies bossaid „,,,t
oilers ilnereuh, that if lie will give tip to hoer
disposal of any one captive site shall ask, 'he
put Moalalberes bride in his power. Ile coostoils:
she discovers herself, and chums the 11 brrati,..l
Trefusis. Onereall sentences her to die li. toe foot-.
tail sacrifice about to be offered rip to toe lie(0,1
of his brother, 11.1alrek, who was slant its
fort—pledging himself to release foe/ashy
is accomplished. Meantime, an Eligit.;l hoer
landed on the island,atid i. pressid by Morth.llort,
to 'hasten to the acetic of sect ,lice, b. toiler 11l p c -
vent the barbarous ceremony. Curled, who is .0
olliciate NS priest, knows that the E at.r at
hand, and attempts to &Id): for tit. —.AO,
refuses to prawn. the revoliitig A
priest willingly untlestskes the task—awl Ltat..una
is kJ to the altar. Err the fetal blow is strut k, le
appearance of the English is noutittocril —tie f /of -
renh, fearful that his prey shall he seatclied Caro
kites, commands the instant death of ills sic
While he is exultilig in her groans, lb* rye c.w.0.,.
to glance on a iiecklare, whiten, its her atruggle, had
fallen frosts Clauditeat's neck. In su agony of ap-
prehension, he wildly usterrugatea the eel/lois% gilt.
His moist hideous leans are verified—al,.., I.la
• vengeance has pursued to (leash, is lug
•• The English forces slow rush sii. (ha..
its his attempt to destiny 111unttifkrat,
dagger in his own borast, mitt so- •,
amidst Isis own augussli, in the Me%
inOicted iucurable woontia v i :be
