SOUTH 411ER/C4:l, SERVICE.

From The Drblia Evening Post of January 20 J

Mr. O'Connell Into orillreased the following letter
to a cooltempor,ory Juornal

To Sac Editor of Carrick's .11 rising Pact.
Merriam-square, January Yu, HMO.
SlR—That the fate of the expedition to Margaritia should
have excited much politic interest cannot he matter of snr-
pl i.e any person. The sympathy of the Irish nation was,
and is, lei tingly alive to the situ:dime sad sufferings of the
intio,,T.nts or spith.t. America— was there a mousey'
so ill gut erned—every maxim of political economy was'
directly reversed in the administration of !Inks. To be a
was to be for ever excluded from power, emolument,'
hoin",rs—camineree was restricted lest it should furnish the
mean.—knowledge was excluded lest it should fithiiith the
inclination to be free—an horrible Inquisition extingdiebed,,
to She very ashes, the healthy fire of freedom of cuescrepart
Au odious and foreign despotism trampled on the
and blasted the fairest psuslnctions of the soil. The
hand of nature bad been boautifid and lavish—the wither-
ing arm of imp P I iii is man had rendered steril and wireless all
the blessitize whirl, God had given. There never was a
einintry so ill-guverued—uti„ out one—l will not except
I:VEX UN F.

In the glorious contest fur liberty, which has continued in
South America during 'several years, the attention of Ire-
land 1114 chiefly heen lewd to the quarter formerly marg.
nised by the name of the Spanish Main, now better hostels
by the deacriptinu of the Provinces of Venezuela. The pro.
piiiquity of that district rendered na more familiar with its
stitleriags and sirrigeles. The horrible barbarities of the
sanguinary Morino filled even the cold and hidiffereat with
disgust mid rmrentinetst, whilst they excited the most power-
fill indignation in the mind of every friend to humanity and
justice. The more frequent communicationsfrom Venezuela,
through the West India Islands, and by means of the North
American Press, made us, as it were, pretaters of the
glorious, though rifle's unsuccessful streg‘les of the Patriots,
and of the continued and unrelenting cruelty of the Spisai-
arils. Is it thee to be wondered that such a pooplti as the Irish
should take a deep interest in the fate of Veuesuela
This Micron was much loeveased by the persists' deems:
ter of the man who appeared as the first igteremisszipt the
Patriots—Bolivar. Ow of these mew she a born is labs.
rate nations—lo be the •beweliegeve of d. Walk..
other ambition than that of mewing his ausittrymes friss—
with a reluctance to accept that power wAch he has more
than once resigned—without one particle of selfish or per-
sonal feeling, het with the most estlissiastie desire to give
liberty to his Dative laud—with a.esiorage that no dangers
can affright—with a perseverance MAI* so difficulties can
exhaust—with a bitoyanry of hope which no defeat eau keep
dons—Bolivar already ranks with the iffashingtous sad
Kosciusko* of the world. Indeed he has begins where Wash.
ingtou ended, by giving liberty to his own Ames. It is true
he may fail as Kosciusko failed; hat whether be fails like
Kosciusko, or succeeds like Washiscritas, be atom deserves
to complete the modern triumvirate of liberty. They have,
alas! no companions--they have, alas! so equals. If he
fail, his grave, like that of Koscisaku, will be grime refresh-
ed by the tear that shall spriug from many a heart berating
with the helpless, hopeless peep of domestic slavery. If he
succeed, the eternal laurel of patriotic triumph 'ball wreath
Isis brow, and his glory shall shine as another horning light.
to illuminate and to warm through that chilly gloom which
the Huly Allisuce is spreading so fast and so thick over the
nations of Europe.
- -

The feelings of Ireland were thus powerfully roused by
the South American contest, when Genies, D'Everenx first
raised the standard of Vent-angle amongst es. It was eel
then, as it is now, illegal to raise troops in the cause of
South American liberty. Nothing could exceed the alacrity
with which the youth of Ireland rushed to join him. He
received the countenance and support of men of all sects
and pieties. The distinctions which, either through folly or
wickedness, divide and weaken Ireland, were forgotten ; the
Protestant sod the Catholic equally shared in the enthusiasm
—the Peer nod the pe.niant equally participated iu the prayer
fur success.
I have seldom seen a man better suited to such circum-
stances than General D'Evereux I knew him since his first
return to Ireland, and fur several months before he thought
of rejoining the Patriot service; I sieve, iu my life met with
a more open-hearted, kindly, g 4, candid disposition •
I like a man who believes in the existeuce of patriotism and
virtue. D'Everesx did so ; there was out about him any
taint of selfishness or design. I may be mistaken—l know
I may—but I cannot bring myself to believe that D'Evereux
is either treacherous or untrue; from my soul l am
convinced that he is honourable, trust-worthy, and just.
A thousand unforeseen causes may cast • shade upon
him ; but I fondly and fully believe that he will emerge pure
and miasillied, and that his integrity and honour will, like
gold tried in the fire, appear only the more clear and bright
front the present obscurity. •
But, although I have the fullest confidence in the honour
of General D'Evereux—altbough I du nut see what possible
motive he could have fur deceptiou—although I feel that if
lie slid wilfully deceive he would not be so foolish as to re-
maim in London, to meet the certain disclosure of his
treachery—altkungli I rely on the native generosity and
goudaess of his heart, yet I t expert, and du not
wish, that any man should give up his own judgment to say
opinion. I confess the: there are many Nets which require
explanation.— Explanutiow, immediate, cony fete, tatilee.
tory, is quilt tumour y.—The friends of Gewalt! D'fiverettit
believing him, as I 110, to be an honourahle mail, most be
must anxious fur this explanation. Nu escape will answer
—too evasion will satisfy—no weeny can be sanctioned—no
delay can be permitted. The facts which are before the
public are too many, too important, and too intent, to be
trifled with; and I am persuades! I am doing the best eel-
vice possible to General D'Everenx, as 1 certainly am to
the cause of liberty, by demanding as immediate and fell

explanation.
This explanation cannot be denied or deferred. A aim-
ber of gallant youths have returned frog► klargaritta in dis-
appointment and disgust. It is as weak as it is wicked to
pretend that they were affrighted by danger—they are brave,
and went expressly to court danger. It is foolish to say
that they were deterred by hardships uad privations—they
went prepared to meet hardships and to endure privations.
No no I.—ao man can be permitted I. justify himself by
ealtsumiallag the generous sad brave youths who base re-
r turned. Ireland is fallen, it is tree, aarkevil days are spun
her; but it would be se crimsomal as It world be stupid. to
attempt to satisfy the public Oat fns bike. of ths eapedi-
tio■ to Margaritta esieW be attributed Is the what of Ain"-

I propose that this Committer, so constituted, should
ascertain all the fists—trace the failure to its sooirce....r!C-
aMine the accounts awl empenditnres—place the blame wliere
it.ought tie lie horse; and, above all thiogs, amid heroes all
things, ascertain whist compensation can be procured fat
the persons who have suffered in or by the late expedition. -
For these purposes it would be quite necessary to open an
immediate communication with General D'Evereisx, and
also with the Vent-go:elan Deputies now in 1.4804011. It world
also be right to send forward Agent. to Angostura. in such a
manner as nut to violate any existing law, but who should
be able to ascertain what csoomonsa:Moo can lho made in that
quarter. There are, I know, faith-worthy persons, will ac-
quainted with the Spanish language, ready to volunteer their
services. Let every thing be thug investigated, and I will
amours. fur it that no blame will be attributed to any failure
which shall appear to have arisen nithout wilful default.
I conclude by conjuring the Gentlemen who have already
given countenance to General &Lateens, to cum: forward
without delay. This is not a party question, nor dors it in
any way relate to our domestic dismentions. Let us com-
bine io a generous effort to rescue honourable character
from unjust imputation—to trace neglect or misconduct to
its source—to repair whatever is repairable-4,-and to pro-
cure comproonition for that 'Which cannot be repaired
Those who shall concur in this effort, may (if you, Mr.
Editor, will peewit) send their names to floe office of your
paper, or eomm tttt testa their intenti tttt of taking * part,
through any other channel. lu any way that I can be use.
ful, they shall command the hest 1.30.1'16101s of
Your obedient Servant,

DANIEL. O'CONNELL.

STATE UP lIIELeLVD.

[From The Dublin Evening Pose, January IS]

It is with the deepest regret we hive this day to
lay before our read.ra a record of outrages, crimes,
and murders, committed in v ‘rioua part,' of the
island, in the North and South. together with an
account of the tomultuary spirit which appears to
prevail in the midland counties.
A murder hag been committed in Nlonterlony.
county of Tyrone, another in the county of
Derry, and a third at Castlereagh, county of Down.
Several robberies have also occurred, but we do not
care to anticipate the horror and disgust with which
the reader cannot fail to peruse the particulars,
which we subjoin.
We insert also a set of Resolutions ;missed at Par.
sonstown, King's County, the Earl of Bosse in the
Chair, by which it appears, that the condition of
that part of the kingdom is far from being tranquil.
In the counties 'of Tipperary and Kilkenny,
gangs seem to be origauistd, and a set of ruffians,
■s will he seen from our extinct., have attempted
to rub the mail coach. in which they weie foiled
by the gallantry of the guard.
We have no 'recounts this day from the West of
Ireland, though we had reason to expect some; we
are, therefore, unable to add any particulars to the
brief notice published on Tuesday. relative to the
atrocious raid-day murder of Mr. Browne, an event,
resembling, a► it dues, the catastrophe of the late
Mr. Baker, of Tipperary, and which has thrown the
whole county of Galway into consternation.
There are three wags of regarding these melts*.
choly occurrences: the one, as a sort of political
confederacy in crime, spreading throughout the
kingdom in every direction—the other. as merely
disconnected and solitary symptoms of a state of
society, overstocked with population, and
ill-
instructed in their relative duties—the third, no
mere robberies and murders. having no source
deeper than the depravity of the individuals con-
certied iu their perpetration.
. .

Perhaps tt will be found that each of these causes
is at work. The robberies of arms that have pre-
vailed within the last three or four months, particu-
larly in the South of Ireland; the disturbed spirit
which has broken out its the centre of the kingdom,
and to counteract which associations hove been en-
tered into by the gentry, show, we will not any, a
communion or correspondence between the parties,
but certainly a predisposing tendency to a state
which cannot be contemplated without dismay.
With regard to the atrocities that have been com-
mitted in the North and West, and particularly with
respect to the warder of Mr. Browne, the laws, we
hope, will he found sufficient to detect and punish
the perpetrators. But we cannot too forcibly im-
press on the gentry in every part of Ireland the ne-
cessity of &Associating, and the paramount necessity of
remaining on their estates. It may be an unplea-
sant duty—but it is a duty that must be performed,
if they would preserve their property. 'rise Duke
of Leinster furnishes a noble example of what a resi-
dent landlord should be. If his Grace's example
were generally followed, we shorl,4 trot have the
melancholy task of !Awing the following statements
and facts upon record :

The Resolutions are eight to ioirtib-r.
reeemenetiel the i. dime fo+ iiiii ig of nn ii el tis•
soctatiou of ell tenons emit-Iyd in the o.ll,•eatiierre
and Col;stitution, cosirirticg of coral:, :6.01 foot
soldier+, flee fortnez, to Ire emploc.ll c; pat!, I• le,.'
the high road., at night; the latter w prcee. d
the peace of the luau. Pee noun who, fr..iit age 0:
other infirmity, are incapable of sers
are requesedl tie ►II bleil be such a milli a. iiru-
cure a Sybktiliiir. All pitlitellionkr. (the lids..
;dont excepted)) ute recommended to be .but up at
riAlit o'clock every night, and no pervosts rebalilivt
into them except members of the said eta.
vellers, till the next clay.
( Frcm the Dohlys Frraing Poo, J
By our letters from Galway we ti ,1 the county
it, as we stated in our het, thrown into it state of
constrtnatioit. A Requisition, signed 'iv Lord
Clonbrock, Mr. James Daly, • of the Member,
for the County, and several other Ge rile me', of tl:e
first respectability, has been handed to \l r. Kelly.
Clerk of the Peace, for the purpose of calling .1
County Meeting.
Tie' followirg paragraph is datel eleir ey, M
day, January 17 :
•• A rumour wevailed very generally io this town
yesterday, that I 'le Ott the 'wet:edit. evrotieg, three
men, decently attired. knocked at tin- liall•fleaar of
the Aldo rt, and handed the seivant a letter for Mr.
Blakeney, the purport of *lcicle will, ,111-it if Mr.
Blakeney continued to harbour a certain Iteveremil
Gentleman in his hour, fleet the following night
body of men, iu number exceeding an°, would c.il
at the !noise, which they would ilemolt.ll, mill after.
wards inflict it voluntary putinilitrieut me Mr, Bkike-
Tlie Rev. Gentleman alluded to. has late-
ly mode himself (we know not bow ju.tl,) vcry
obnoxious to those deluded wretches, dent, iiiii ..ett.l
Itibbotamen. It was also stated, 1111.1 Ilse Rev.
Geutleinais, at the instigation of Mrs. Illakei,ey.
left Abbe-a the following morning. lartitg previously
put under the protection of a military escort:'—
(Connaught Journal.)
We hope that this will prove incorrect ; hut. with
respect to the Reverend Gentleman alluded to, we
do not see any reason for concealing his name.
lie is a Mr. O'Rorke, and be. in an especial
manlier distinguished biased, against the Rib.
troninen ; so laudable has been his conduct.
that he was thanked by the Magistrates, lately
assembled at Moylough. few his activity. The
vote, we believe, was moved by Mr. liell.w.
Mount-Bellew, a Catholic Gentleman of great
property and of the highest respectability in ton

. . .
comity.. Mr. O'Rarke, we limn; heard, is M./
Wifely lodged ill the Pal ice of hip Goatee the Are :t.
bi-hop of Team, au that hie frieutli well etaxi Lulu
no apprehensions for his safely.

AMERICA.

NEW YORK. DECEMBER 4.
It is stated in the Philadelphia Gazette of yester.
day. that on Sunday last one hundred and one per.
sons, chiefly respectable mechanics, with their
families (late residents of Philadelnliia), embarked
on hoard tl►e schooner Three .Sisters, Captain
Varner, fur the Island of Cobs. They lease
game to fix their permanent residence on the south
side of that island, at a new settlement called Fer-
nandina de Yusga.
(From the National Intelligeneer. Noreoller 30.)
The editors have information nu winch they ceo
rely, that the constquer ces of the rash invasion of
the Spanish territory, by a handful of Well (rout
American lines, are proviii,l to he such as might
naturally have been expected. After the dispersio►l
of these men, those settlers in Texas who had a..
oweiat,it with thefts were left in a most 'Minable
condition. All the American settlers have ibteNe
obliged to cross over to this side the line, rod
leave behind them the fruits of tittir industry
and the hopes of their families. The Spaniard.
from St. Antonio, 1,700 strung, whit site pieces
of cannon, were. shoot the Ist of tots mouth,
near Lsbadie. Their intention was to sst.tili•ir
post at Nacogdoches. and settle the ivovince. firs
tiered Long hail gone to bailie's, at Grihrestswit ;
and it was considered unsafe for him- to return by
the rotate by which he went nut. %Vitt' such .114 •
terials as composed the expedition, it tr.is
••,1-
ble any other result could have atteud.•rl it. .f•ne
soldiers we►e generally of the most worti.lev.
men unfit for any service, •ud evert such as were
discharged, on account or their vaor,lite.sm ss, Iron
the service of daily labourers at 11ato►i Rouge aissi
other posts.
(From the Baltimore Telegraph qf Tueulay.)
Arrived on Frid.iy evening ia•t an smiled
schooner, full of men, said to belong to
squadron. Whether " tu &atm.," grouting re.
pairs, or for what cause she visits us, we know tiot;+
as yet having seen t►o report of her arrival.
NEW YORE, bectunEn
Captain Allen, of the schooner Maria, a. rived r.,-re
Port-au-Prince. in 16 days, reports,
brig Neptune. from Liveroorit, was
trete off Tonnes, of dry gooria se
30.000 dollars. The porde hasi its
Ilphia gaup, discharging her—all

'4

1111
,

I,l4ntls .►.,sacred—the sloop bas been since retaken
sod sent tutu Francois.—(Bu/t. American.)

•toy Till IT•NISH MAIN.

Captain Rosanne, of the schoonet Appornotor, in
26 days from Curacao, informs, that news. had
r !died that place by two Danish vessels from the
Main, that there bad been a battle fought at Cr
..onrar, between Oen; &rondo and the !terrines:
n wi,ich about 200 Patriots were killed and wounded.
('he Royalists had from 4 to 500 killed, wounded,
nut rulen prisoners. The Patriots took poosession of
'au .orAr, and it was expected that Maracaibo
' shin be taken, as they were on their march
ti.ther. Santa Martha was shout being evirmileti
r the Royalists, as vessels lied gone there fur the
Jorpose of transporting the inhabitants.
The sloop Raadolph. Stephens, of Wilmington,
N. C. was csptrued off Margaretta by the Spanish
ti-et 111..ckatling that port, and sent to Porto Co-
vello; Captain Stephens rod crew. after fettleinil'g
five or six weeks in irons, were liberated. James
Caters, l'et!r Johoson, and Charles Scully, part
of the crew of the sloop Randolph, have arrived in
the Appomatoz.
The crew of an Engliait schooner belonging to
,Berhiee, in the West Indira, Captain Willaintorm,
from 51.irtinico,lbound to Demerara. mutinied, and
,iturdcred the captain, mate, and one passenger.
They took the vessel into Parris., and there hove
overboard the captain's servant, who swam to the
Afire, a distance of from 12 to 13 miles, and inform-
'erl the commandant of Gnarls of the whole sflair.
Illy Commandant immediately dispatched a vessel
ro Trinidad with the news. Ms Majesty's brig
Fly was sent in pursuit of the schooner, came up
with her, took the mutineers prisoners, manned the
,schooner, and sailed in company with her for Bar-
bailoes. The schooner was obliged, however, to
pus into Curiient in distress.
The Vetirsaelan privateer, --, formerly the
Ann, a lialiimore, was captured by the Dutch
.poop of war Dolphite, and carried into Commix*
for trial. for capturing Dutch property.—(Cour-
merriql eideertiser.)
I From the It ational intelligetserr, Nov. e 6.)
Captain I:earl, of the United States ship Bored
served in 11'italliny,ton city yesterday. We under-
danil that lie brings information that the Treaty is
SOT RATIFIED, and that things remain much ill
the state in which our last advice. left them. Mr.
Forsyth ri•maisis at Madrid, and a Minister front
iipaits is to be forthwith sent to this country.
If farther pirticulat* come to our knowledge, they
.11:111 he hen after noticed. _ _

it i• roper to ►tate, that a report did prevail for
1 dly Or two at Madrid, that the Treaty wink ratified.
Daring the prevalence of this report, a letter viral
*fittest, in which originated the report, which was
run through the couotry, end which gained gene-
nil beln f, that she Treaty was ratified about the
10th ult.

reIIEIUN IN7 ELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.

PARIS, JANUARY I.

The Duke of Richelieu had the honour yester-
day morning of tusking breskfest with the King. and
trainisrted ',muses', afterwards *WI Lis Majesty till
the hour of Mass.

fler Royal flightless Madame the Duchess of
Angoulente passes in retirement the days of the
10.. h, the 21 It, and 'Nil of January.
M. De Ft .rre has obtained leave of absence to
proceed to Nice, for the purpose of re-establibliing
his health. The project of a law relative to tlec-
:ions can neither be presented to the Chamber by
iiian, oor supported by the efforts of Ins eloquence.
.1 report prevails that the seals have been offered to
M. Raves, and refused.
It is also said. ilea M. Decsres is in full negocia-
tion with the left side of the Chamber, and that he
now reckons on the support of the Deputies of that
party, for the pa,ring of his ptoject fur the quit).
lquennial renewal of the Chamber. '('his account
seethe very ill-founded, so far as M. Deceses is con-
-I.:erned ; that which would seem less incredible is,
. that a certain number of the Liberia: hare offered
Ito support every thing that should be proposed by
the !Ministry. in consideration of a secret pension to
leach of 12,000 fr.
-

The funereal commemoration of the 21at of
January will take place in the two Aurelia, of the
reformed t hunch on Friday nest, at the accustomed
hours of serv;ce.

Yesterday • Cabinet Courier from Madrid
unsighted at the palace of the English Embassy. mid
departed in about au hour for London.
A new revolt has broken out among the Spanish
'robin', aho appear still determined to refuse to
eminitlc for the war in the Colonies,. The rebels
.tit prised Count Calderon. General in Chief of the
army. and carried him off as a prisoner to the
mluntaiiis of Ronda; they seised all bit papers,
awl immediately printed his correspondence with
he Court. They seised upon the forts of Cadiz,
with the exception of that of Trocadero. which they
hOld blockaded. We are assured that the Consti-
tution of the Cortes has been proclaimed at Ca-
diz, Lieut.-Geuersl Freyre membled in haste the
troops of Andalusia to march against the Insurgents.
file strangest reports hare been circulated in Ma-
ibid. It ass said that the lusurgente, to the num-
ber of 10,000 men. were preparing to march upon
the capital. We hope we shall be enabled to-mor-
row to give the circoaritantial details of this event.
fits is the fifth conspiracy that has broken out among
he Spuniih troOpl. The others have hitherto ter-
.nniated by the stsbaiissiou of the soldiers, who have
delivered up their chief., after • revolt of some
Joys.—(Gozette de "ranee. lows, go.)
ye base received Madrid WON fa the I ltb of
this mouth iivele•ive. • TIN" abolto-, motion of
Its revolt et la Mkt litt Of troop"! 1010104.4 it
Odd.,

. .

,•,--

.

Pink by H courier estraordioary, who left Madrid
on the 9.h. From the silence of the Sitikiels joie.
nolo, nothing tam be dethiea; fir Art made Ito
mention of the attempt of M 0.,, her that of
Limey. nor others, the certainty df which is now
known to every one. Our private correspondence
furnish the details we now require: and in the
mean time we may hope that this insurrection will
terminate like the former. It is cry to mislead a
Spanish soldier for a moment, !,wt be quickly re-
turns to his duty, and the name or the King
aliioys makes a lovely impression upon him. Three
extruordivary couriers from Madrid Isere within
the lest two days arrived at Preis, and it we could
believe the rumours now circulated, an engage-
ment had taken plate between the Insurgents and
the Marines, in which the former were defeated:~
(Gazette de France, Jeitrety 414

ROWS, JANUARY 3.

Cardinal Gonsalvi, who pas recovered from his
indisposition, yesterday gave a grand dinner to his
Royal Iliglitirso the Hereditary Prince of Denmark.
The palace of Lucien Bonaparte. Prince of Ca-
nino, is is be sold. It is thought that he has come
to the resohitiou of fixing himself eutistly in the
environs of Viterbo, to devote hituself to poetry and
literature. •

An English family was lately robbed at Pietro
We, is the Appenines, between Bologna mid Flo-
retice.—Thiv route bad previously been considered
quite age.

61UNICII. JANUARY 9.

The following i• a statement of the effective Wee
of the Bavarian army :—Total of infantry, 37,000
men ; of heavy cavalry, 2,700; of light cavalry,
6,730 ; a regiment of twittery, 9,400 ; train of ar-
tillery, 1,221 ; pioneers, sappers, and miners, 452
Grand total, 50,1-24.

VIENNA, JANVARY 8.

This day the tenth General Conference of the
Getman Ministers was held. They continued to
be engaged in questions relative to tile (argent*.
lion of the Germanic Diet, and particularly in the
consideration of those olijects in which a majority
of voices should suffice fur producing obligatory
decisions. It is not yet known whether the deli-
beration was concluded at this Cosiference.

Lord Francis Ovhorne arrived here the day
before yesterday from Corfe. charged with dis.
patches. which may he supposed to be of very
great importatwe. lie hiss taken his residence at
Lord Stewart's. and had the honour to he presented
immediately to the Pnnce de Metternich.

GERMAN PAPERS.

NUREMBERG, JANUARY 12.

The British and Foreign Bible Society at Lon-
don, presented in December but to the ',public
library of the city of Nuremberg. 31 fine cop*ea,
►•ery elegantly bound in morocco, of all the edi-
tions of the 0141 and New Testaments, which it
has hitherto published, in 21 different European
and Asiatic languages, with 14 of its An•nsl
Reports, bound in the same elegant etninititt. in
six volumes. Our library has thus received • va-
luable addition, by this new proof of British li-
berality.
1.111P61C. JANUARY 7.

Professor Oken Itas made in his hit some re-
marks on the memorial respecting the trade and
manisfuctures of Germany, presented to the Go-
vernmenta, by E. Weber, of Gem, from which
we select the following:—
" It is certainly very Pod that the nterchauts held top.
tier. if their raise has nut the desired oseeess, *Web, Ii
we consider the state of Germany, may well be alighted, it
however excites public spirit, sad expel. that regard Ibr
local ialevesis, which always cads In attachment to selths-
tereit and earrnw•mindedaess. The airiest of the teeraints
sad manufacturers is, therefore, certainly patriotic, sad
every patriot mast wish it well, sad end to extend it.
Bat this is its favourable side.

u That the Gellman nation will pi■ by the abolition of its-
Waal tolls, nay, that this alone can save it front ruin, May
be believed ; but whether it Will gain by laying an immediate
duly on English goods, wet ►easonably be doubled; and
besides, the English will certain!" be sooner received than
the German maantactures.

" It may also be doubted, whether the German merehemts
have the tome interest as the manufattitrers ; at least the
'manufacturers are more interested is the business.
"To tax the English as they do us, would certaiely met be
unjust; but would it be wise!
" it is tree, the Germs. mnufscture► are excellent, but
without emulation the naiad heresies sqaine. The German
merchants may the best help themselves by heldiag together,
and this stems to be their osly means ef aveidieg ruin.'

CONSTANTINOPLE. DECtIIIOIIII 10.

This city has lately been again *kneel to dread-
ful scenes of an insurrection of the Janissaries and a
terrible conflagration. The Aga of the Janissaries
had taken eitraordinary pails during the eight
months that he exercised his fuectiona to introduce
tranquillity and order among this turbulent sol-
diery. This could otily be effected by removiug
the chief ringleaders and promoters of disorders;
most of there were mire& sod many ottungletfi
This severity, which may pettily' have been, in
some instances,. no4ently exercised. Metalled the
Janissaries. and they 'Molted to kill their Agi, by
enticing him out of his relate on some official here.
nee*. **Aleut which be (feted not hive it. To thin
end thry *et 6re. in the eight of the 48th of Novem-
ber', to the tibiteter out their guard-limitt.
Csisteixtisetit ei.ig apprised of their Wish rived
Al &veins iota frau Yea vine • bet
406**,4*. ito• iithkaga ii lab* aid. their
jelreekillabolleimi Air 'Meek si brows that swum

r-

~....

LONDON,
TUESDAY. JANUARY 4.5. 'NY&

DEATH OF HIS ROY AL HIGHNESS
THE DUKE OF KENT.

it is with deep regret we samovare the death of
hit ttoyal Highness Prince EDW•RD, Duke of
iLoas, et Ms cottage at Sichaeuth. in Devatishire,
at ten to`elock, on Sundry morning. The violence
or his disease threatened fm. the begisining a fetal
?toile, bet the accounts received ott Sundup held
out some little ground of hope. The fsvoorable
Change ease however. deceitful c it was time pause
its Watare which generalty preacite the last etregile
—the last shim of ezpitiug life. His Royal
Highness** ditotder lose oti ittioniblition of the
hay; i disease sow very general. He bore hie
afflictive with the gielsotti fertieado lea .1.04341606
Palm tikoews.b. Captain Coiaite, "Co.
effete Weathieseeol. sod Moen% ,iftteipitilot to

Imams.
afford camelatines and support to the Duchess in
this awful and trying scale. She had been most
indefatigable in het alfentions, awl I,erformed ■II
the offices of Ilia sick bed with the most tender and
affectionate anxiety. She did not even take off her
clothes for five successive nights, and all the medi-
cines were ■droinistrred by her awn hands.

The melancholy intelligence was brought to
town last morning by General MOORR. who arriv-
ed in London at half-prat eight o'clock, and drove
to Carlton-house in a chaise and four. Carlton.
lion.e wes soon after closed, its a mark of respect to
the deceased Prince. General Moon proceeded
to York-house and Chiretice-house, to communi-
cate the death of their beloved brother to the
Dokei of Youx and CLArtr.sicie, and the Duchess
of CLARENCE. The General soon after proceeded
to Windsor, to communicate the dismal tidings to
the PRINCESSES.

On the demise of the Royal Duke, the medical
gentlemen issued the following Bulletin respecting
the Duchess of KENT :

" Sidnwoutb, Jaatorry23, 1120.

" We bare great satisfaction in being able to saamosee,
that, notwithstanding the Duchess of Kent has paid the Melt
tiorenwiting attention to his Isle Royal Highness the Duke
of Kent, dewing the whole course of his illness, bee Royal
!lighters. is as well as we could possibly bare expeeted,after
au great a degree of anxiety and exertion.

(Sigued)

N J. WILSON,
“ W. G. AUTON."

Soon after the arrival of General Moons. the fol-
lowing letter from Lord SI DWOUTII was dist►atched
to the LORD MAYOR :

" Mikhail, Jaimary 24.

" MY LORD-it it wills very great concern that I se-
qnsint your Lordship with the death of his Royal Highness
the Duke of KENT, which melancholy event happened ow the
23.1, at Sidmouth, after a few days' illnesa, to the great grief
of the Royal Family.

" I have to request your Lordship will give directions
usual on such occasions, fur the tolling of the great bell of
St. Paul's Cathedral.

(Rigried) " SIDMOUTH.
" To the Right Mom the Lord Mayor."
The following notice was also issued in the course
of the day :
" Loon CHAMBERLAIN'S °MCI,
" January 24,1820,
" Half-last Three o'Clorh, p le.

" SIR-I am directed by the Lord Chamberlain to
acquaint you, that in consideration of the 1 length of
time which will he necepied id the preparation roe the fu-
neral aloe late Royal Highness the Duke of KM, In con-
sequence of the melancholy event of hie death hosiers taken
place at mu great a distance from town, his Royal Higbee..
the Parser Reota has been graciously pleased to cam-
mood that the Theatre under your niasaresent shell be
closed this eveuiug, and ou the male( of the funeral only.
" 1 am, Sir, your obedient Servers,
" H. T. 11. MASH.
" The Manager of the Theatre Royal, Covent genies."

The Manager of Covent-garden published, in
consequence, the following 'mime :

" THEATR E.ROY A 1., COVENT-GARDEN,
" Monday, J y 14, 1110.

"on account of the Death of his Royal Digitises. the
Duke of KENT, this Theatre is eltmed for This Evening:
awl from the beucficent consideration of the infinite dis-
tress which she shutting up of the Theatrts for a longer
period would occasion to the very numerous families
throughout the kingdom, his Royal llighuess the Preece
REllenT has been graciously pleased to signify his com-
mands, that the Closing of the Theatres shall be confined
to This Evening, and to the May of the Funeral."
A like notice from the Lord Chamberlain's Office
was received at the King's Theatre and Drury-lane
Theatre.

His Royal Highness was the fourth son of his
Manny. He was born Novrnilwr =►, 1767, and
married, in 1818. her Serene Highness Vivioats
Mama Louise, relict of the hate Prince of Let-
Nriazit, and sister of Prince LEOPOLD of Saxe-
Coburg, by whom his Royal Highness has left one
daughter, the Princess ALEXADIDRINA, born at
Kennington Palace. His Royal Highness was
Governor of Gibraltar. Colonel of the Royal Scots
Regiment of Foot, and Keeper of Hampton Court
Park.

The PRINCE. IlEotter, in consequence of the
demise of his Royal and beloved Brother, kept him-
self secluded in Carlton-house during the whole of
yesterday, with the I.:repliers of receiving visits of
condolence from the Dukes of YORK Rod CLA.
imam A outuber of the Cabinet Alioisters, sod
official Noblemen and Gentlemen, left theit same%

Some Gentlemen belonging to the Lord Chant-
berluiii's Office left town yesterdry fo► Sidruouth,
to make arrangements for the funeral of the Royal
Duke. Wins. FOANCI and BARTIRC, the Royal
undertaken, are to conduct the funeral. which, we
understand. is what is called private. when it is
under tha direction of the LORD CIIAMDRILLAIN,
►srltug accordiiiK to circunntalices. It is under-
stood that the funeral of the lamented Duke of
KRNV is to he *ignitor to that of hi, uncle, the late
Duke of GLOUCISTRR. Sidimouth is upwards of
160 toilet how London.

Orders for a general mourning will be issued in
this night's Gazette. Its Monition is not yet fitted.
That for the Duke of GLOUCESTER WM for three
wont he.

This is the third instance in which death, that
peremptory suirusoner, to whine irresistible call
princes and peasants must equally yield obedience,
hi. 'itemised his dominion among the Royal Fa.
roily, within the short space of tittle snore than
two years. At this awful occurrence the distirac.
Ilona of birth, end souse, Veal ►,ttht shit iuto
insignificance ; Qtr holmium of tisi‘ tast4id fisdsi matey,
eaten that en sheltie, the shock of sheltie iheti.

table hour—all that tin live Iseyogil the gray.,
and alone administer consolation sad hope to
the friends of the deceived, is the recullectiso
of their. virtues. To record these becomes •ot
only a most soothing tribote, but o mr•st sacred
duty. Such., however, are the Claims of the Duke of
KENT on the gratitude and reverence of his coon.
trymen. that we are persuaded he needs uo memo.
vial to come his name long to flourish in their
memories. and his character to be cherished in their
offectidns. As a soldier, a patriotic Prince, and
a most benevolent man. his Royal Nimes
will he deeply regretted by the ptiMee,..aTl
by all classes of society. His Royal flog
;less had seen much military service, soil be.
sides filling the situations of Governor of Comas
and of Gibraltar, had served under Si► Commis
GREY, in the Vest Indies. in the early part of
the revoluitienary war. during which time he eve
prevent at the reduction of St. Lucie. 11,.
own regiment. where. es a military 'son, In.
character should he best understood, looked ono!,
him as • patron and limed. But it is the
friendless. the poor. sod the destitute who lam. ,
cipally Imre reason to mourn his untimely Pod.
It is they who will feel it as the severest lon. '
Crimped as his Royal Highness was in 116 cp.-
cumstances, in consequeuce of the scantioess of
his allowances till a late period in life, sod of
repeated losses of property while engaged in the
service of his country in America; great as were the
privations and starrifices to which he submitted it
extricate his affairs from pecuniary embarc:rimerd
never did an object of charity appeal to Iris horse.
!illy in vain—never was his band closed against re.
hewing the meets of the iudigeat and usifiretiernee
Every humane and benevolent iostitation footed in
him an eloquent advocate, and a libervf pore*
and proteetor. Unwearied in his 'swim.% to
wipe away the tear of misfortune, sod lighten the
load of affliction. or to open the mimeof mirky.
ment, and the hope of independent support to the
industrious but unemployed. he lobooved
santly by his puree, his personal eotrgy, his persua-
sive eloquence, and example in Jolson; pool, Not leis
exemplary was the conduct of his Royal ffigbeeetrio
the relations of domestic life, renounciug after ma►-1
riage almost wholly the pomp. sail pleasures usually
attendant on his 'milted station, for die owe ra-
tional and eolith enjoyments of ireimicy sod retire-
ment. And if 'any thing can odmiwieter • balm to
the afflicted bosom of his amiable Consort, it must
be the remembrance of the uninterruptedly pimarfai

manner in which their anion glided eu till it was so
suddenly and fatally closed.
