'deer, calla dry liege fa straggle eltb 'Milt Matte* or
tows~ ... r•r en:tab'y reach them. mad reyardina it am
~aye from perishing, valeataroly hand and prasead
swim th to the @retire of hoerisusee.
It also) apeman' ha the Memo., limit /ma de wintery
,ere at woe% 114 elnek•aostinik many disown arircaro-
itak :110 she irysiloritt taipaorpot.
Thiie C,haanote. h.w en,fraireseed t.. trot. ow their
imaltes, .441 a. thirelope thr ewers 4 the aptiatiat dif
Amore lotewees :he former and the prearott eta* ref lam
ugoivyarnih, and or•d.• 1 and bets4r• the vow, • 1 • ady
711aorti••::ed, she, emodo4er she 'beg reageold, asi oar as
they a.' nit of remedy. *ay be eillausol miler a

_
1 The whorls* of slims nod Miter pieties wholly k-
w's* of 1 ;wad sent breeches the art introducing
fumes end .bows,, and by eedrwrottristg to erhilihall a alive 4
fittess of appieistkeship, y tybi.tg an isoribieto newher
lirressisey utwhia. ander al,e ilearindenitina or yew
ol erentieve. $s the asitaber of this end torts of
•oile sod dos wow haw, aanaileolp micalota toe their own'
pow. but weedy ea the pubes ikerioneat, Weber&
as *he allowerwes in each appreetiare are gory seitekheohly
below the hewn of jonroupers, while they we 1.41 to
'brie we eurednet Is ehlain their ibis( el hugs% iellheet
port. slum, without Assassile eheipliae. wider* laurel or
rel,g use inieruction or esseeplei ea diainetrirally ovessite, ,
and repegneut to the nasseue seek. sod sw et appres.
amino of Oh wialiediehree. which prohibited lb. witewitia.
kg, et say ono time, of ewe Omni two apprendetereso(
▪ le Iris (the ...ouch) own dirstliog. and there wholly
to Nippon, oupplp, end ainintsin hies Pk appoolke)
wish all seamier of the nerceserke dilk sod sling art
Marie his in all. nerds as at hie we fain*, psi
also shell Mach. «loose to be tewebt Is swab appointers
Ili, shirk art." Bet, swim this aural oseleni, vast solioWfo
of gene, awe at the orpiretina of their wesitade, here
been diodiargsd trehenalle sod weehlied. and ceasupwatly
willing As line memos and oily reeinneradaties of oh.
Maks • enielekere in limited Of maim of skip keg pad
awleons skolles end klinnes.
It re dlinheriom precuro of /emery et the mused witch
and ekek•sealuen, vopentelly sena twee end bail week bed •
chicle sod tad moscion, wed alba withdraw freadelently '
vrioitght, is Aged Womb of die lib sad Nine QMllast ,II
taw. to; a pr. we'd,. med fOIIoOND rani% Which bee bee*,
serried b. seek a 51.1.:111•VOIP6 eseree. le lo Imps seats VAL
swoning oisoiefort el-IJ tats thr proem, am they ars la
dole sea AA Ise,. -view the lib. met•proeuses odor
pews, owliespissidly easintalaieg tbe prepristi
'otos.

3 The Amore lir provide., rtembilsos. obriely messes
of the am of clods tied watch ..teal way ha beady Limes,
sod their elpssettes as atomic pestreird, mid tistiesolem
yromineutly hroveht ebbs. the boommilye ef the pollee se
IA Mow for the =we ensoloirressiewit or posishossist of
she= sod hoed. so asamm
4. The rasa allow gala =deliver is Ohs moklog iderste4
assn. sea silos impends.* of Mr hiders!/ she iselkimecy
4 She reersimisies mar .Midi. I. owed Se tootling,
erfetylog. sod essetiog those Meeks
O. The es mike of ow ginned flay of 41 Ilk from els&
mid wombesheso emiler thedesemissiiims of Piste Cunene
Joy. akhoopb desk sod eremiewsless robber sake sot sell
par. !mood freetelibriondlog sr lice.. doll as pry.
mismi maks sod droll= he sod mooches boa bees re.
row ewer tereety mere. This hie promd
eolarly misidosm, and the =remiss has been most us**
sod grievessely mppearive. The moored his, it seems,
b. is eirennutillm. &id wire seetessymied the wood se-
wed lid; red is ossay bromeess of lies opsretioss,
arehmely sbeesired die empessie social prullis derived
Tim the sob of moor watches by pewee he a seedimed
Noe of boeispiss. II swami is evidmet. NM this Mile
blew *My boob= demooded mod =id eve erten' times
mom Is she pogrom of maisofsetsting owe sod the .site
„monk =es bed= it mold be Aiwa sr was weft gar ask ;
so tat the sole pies may hove he= simothed Wore it
oserle be et market.
S. The esportstion st Limbs sod outeisse, eloodestbsoly
svoidiseficstry si tie Coshmmissime.corecafeagostioos fess&
motil the @elicits brarogr rammed t. sale Areal, to the
Sliest .Lacer of the .sees/ roymistiso be superior Ain
sad wnehommillip. sod loss of the public rewesst.
T. The elmiclesinse introdoctios of so immense mamba of
jihnign-onto else& *se wafting sad their apple/era, mid
suoleal pieces operettaig ley else* wadi work; oleo of
willies sheds Sr mew* Magda wades. sad btosieg
Forged .assts of 111.6111 maws. mid Mimed smilis of the
Nadi so Mt ospreody few the
=of brimr re =ported es imash =schen to theme
=yabirmileir onsouttietore ;
'sibs of =
Alike sod =same wish.
ass their epees. repestiog mommtwis. sod pHs of
.mss s and in se greet = 'mem has the litter poet=
bow wrist. that the siju. port of the evyeatiog watt iro
misadhetsted widest the lest twinity yews, ore I. great part
feeelgs, is the greet prejudice of the Ississfseists of repeal.
les watches eie sbeeereelase.
S. The diebsetless which of he yews have bre throws
fie the way of the cusps= actual =hem locorpnested by
charter in the 7th year of the Alps et Kis; Chicks the
First, manned. ameepse other charters of the city of Los.
Ansi, by the */ of Wiens eel Mary, Sess. Id, cop 11, are.
3 sod 14, fur the espyremiso of frods, shows, sad mot-
Jewelers is the mosedlartme, expertMios, sod Imports-
s...f shush., usiebre, sod other prodectioso of this art
sod trade; by mass of which obstructious, that lacer-
Isere*/ mopes, bee bees peeves*/ esecutiret the do-
ilies sse•gised to it (sr the public welfare. althilogh It
has coottrihosed gm= Mosel, ssd appears by ils charter
web eekelsosil St *sir essehlereile...vies Is thelajoilt
Ord by regisierbig =hem sod elm by mailiog
pole eludes end watches hapemed. ebru impollmems that
be removed, sod regulations istekiished sods Ihr sathenty
toi legisimete,lbe the supprisolom stinkers! mud=
To MIN Mani ofisissodettore sod imam
The wass of mots ample assetmesie Ist the improve.
mewl of the rehires arts, Isms, sod regulations, respecting
ibis maimifsmere sod =dr. for Ile use.. effectually snails.
log the Mims mod pitmen isimoird by the origimal meet.

mega
The estellere/ the preeltive Weather eggigeta kw
Whims ea this Meer. ged the glillkatty pregegatieg GC-
Oridere ko esintieSser, min Se the met et ewe emegory
finesse.
- - - - - - - -

With ae versed sad assiees vim te the relief Widowed
INN, the Petitieerre have guetrally dreleeed, Wm they ate,
yhdirldsally, reedy esti williag le sobs gent eel eserayiary
CEvitt,isleesol Is pills hens% wad, mike.
livelposs es adapt principle for puttied od.
tweed hoc die paservethea if He art Marian the
irked& 'eptomise and &guard tappers of she/hate; esti,
drateeNy, lei the bee*, hidepeoldrai saiateeeeee if she
leedelety ertiaeac heat obese patheeleeet
&id tied WS eeprrassns die lid itself Med seer
pert weasel sad *peed der iM iss eildeere, as year
Owantitere, jadeite! hens do eliminate, dezreisue, and
*hie .411. eiteeeree Ohm brie Oise Ask teed.
Swum mew esehtleady depend. email by ie.
peretwee, awl the elsweellerietie librtslity if the Seem ea
MI thaike eetterrat„ by se mates d/. rapsdar merit, has le
every rages of eery, eery fie teltritir did's% te ebb& the
chart sad trearbsiehrre his butt mired by the eye.
lases oldie mere behove umeatiseed ; year Ceseesittre ere
if ~,award. ties tar Name will lied Ili vied useful, iuS
Obresiirae. end hapeeteat subjectd Ihe sit sad ehirts
Meet sad weeehotakieti, iis ell its vedette Weeds% of
estresieety and seeiptiee, ihr arts sad emirates, are •
arrihme harteside, meet wohhy d dm prmeti.s sd
mkt, per width OS *lmola el the. merittiriltile fads AY we
brie hatable Pristiestrre.
Tear Ceeseittre eeeetittia* ii us I Yew of their gall le
this their minable ad ih. peentiembility of apply's, mew
Nis etkeytate le the earreseleXe mimes ierespesime.
tars obtaiateg, ere of egisisif, adequate reiledisa
frit*. hr alhaleisteved Op eimetmeete, he the
ewe Ituvensoilie el Ow art end iamb of dwelt and
iheitiar, sad the irewul orebeedeel inosteitre sea hid
therewith, list h 7 NBA emus they Ulf be &Niel=
• t• • mete of ereerteiii. red wWPM reliant ti
both to the limheideeis ....peed is thew, sad to the maim
St serge, sin Ant Webb lied hipeettiat hreeeh remelt
te the State.
Abet ateterely essaidmisp all the ishreasti's olosised
4y puss Closholltee ee tido very imptirtast 'shiny IN erldei

• •
dory have sot spared Voir owe Moore while drop haso
onward sad *biassed lofitiostkin fors the seism& hater.
oily. which deer pivot loam& to their stied% and estooli-
Ir. the great liberalise et dwir lowa sod dississitiros
towo I rosy our of the nurarrusio hemosims d she grarrie
truer 4 sleet arid irsoirosstist. she Osattalltise be., woo.
Dim misty mars se ti- fellowing
RswNlisurr—
tlsud.rd. That it O She opisusii Of this CounnlOrs. tial
it is *My anprdirm that oust portioloontory
which shall minas the gored Woods of 110 ampere. In
the prostrostion of Ow art. nosafadore, arid trade of
doh sad votelsarahlog. sail the 4fetieimi betrays
▪ oniters oionotted thrur.4lll. nod thos loilividaats
eellehed Iberele, ebeete be adeered with roopeet la *reeve.
nil points rsoussratad in this Ilrport, far speedy re.
hriref the Potitioarrs. and to • traumatise of the
Poor Sore tow Weal, and ly ea reel yr=
fur the support of to sAllopjodostriouo, tad hod
hie idiom' is so far no NM drieloaty i. do mord of
tai or is soriptioi by ebbriteble eesstribetiere.
bleeds IS, ISM ,

sumo, IN ALGIIIR&

K. WARAATITI Or 01$ chrtimt
MOO AIITSIITURAS AT *LAMM

Whoever hos net hen at Algiers, says M. Pa•
nanti, whoever has not beheld the stet* to which
Cie Wiens reduced to slavery by the people of Bar•
bury are ierinsed, knows not all the horror and boo
tense's of adversity, or into whet ir forlorn and
ore cited state it is pereehir for the mats or the mi.
aerobic anus of men to he !slanged. 1. who have
witireseed and reperieund this, am unable to re.
press its wank all that w Mt end endured by one
precipitated into lbw horrible calamity. A. soon
I:se seatilwhi declared • slave; he is stripp-d of h:s
eh:theta duel aopplied. with others of coarse stall;
he is -amovt essimouly left without shoes and stock-
ist., amt. with his bent • head exposed to the
burning rays- lef the run. Many allow their beards
to grow, ass mark of desolation and sorrow,
zedgillive WI a Note ..or Akio whirls excites equal
it and pity. Part of throe wretches
are employed to making ropes awl sails in
the arsenal; the.. are couriers* under the
epee and scourges of the elguisils who rawly
abase their barbarous authority. awl extort from
them the little matey which they vontietinsee pes..
sees. Others remaia slaves to the Dry, or are sold
to wealthy Moors. who doom them to the sown dr.
grading Gene ; while ethers awaits are coodemned
like bark of burden to carry wood end wane, soil
to ;sedans the• hardest labour with their lirgi out-
fitted by no iron chain. Of all the slaves there are
the most wretched. They have no bed to lie down
epos, no cloths. to cover them; end their only.
food conifer of two lostres, at black as soot, which
are thrown to them as if to dogs. At night they
are shut up in the Ennio, like criminals sentenced
to the galle)s. •
The galleys were in fact invented by the Chris.
tions fur the captive Africans. The disgraceful ex-
ample of this cruel end huindiatisig usage was at
by us: our forefathers were actuated by that reli.
410/10 aniunisty to which our cositemporaire are inc-
isor ; awl it was because the punishineut of the
captive Musrulinaiss appeared more severe than any
other, that the Europeans* conceived the idea of
associating with them the vilest criminals in the
baptist of Rome, Genoa, Leghorn, and Malta.
Let as not hesitate to admit that we have been un-
just and cruel persecutors, especially us it was with
us that the system originated; but after repairing
the wrougsdaue by us to humanity, after abolishiug
the naps slave trade, and the begun, of the Knights
of Malta, we hare a right to demand for ourselves
that justice which we render to the professors of a
different faith. Europe no longer dooms • free
man to slavery fur sow mere crime of having been
born a Numbness ; neither ought she any longer
to suffer the African to condemn the Entopeasi to
servitude for the sole crime of having been burr: a
Christian.
The slaves, continues M. Pananti, lie crowded
together in open corridors. exposed to wind. rain,
storms, and all the inclemencies of the air and
anions. in the country they sleep under the ca.
stripy of heaven, Of .hut Ulllll deep holes to which
they are obliged to descend by • ladder, after which
the top is secured with an iron grating. At day.
break they are roused by the opprobrious cry, "
trabrijo confides !" and driven to work like heists
of burden, with stripes accompanied with blarphe-
mies rod curers. Many are empluyed b emptying
wells or digging sewers, where they renotiti for
whole seasons up to tlie middle in water. and Ineathe
a mephitic air. Other's are obliged to descend
frightful precipices, with death over their head.,
and death beneath ;heir feet. Oilier. are harnessed
to carriages together with mules or asses ; but it
is they that are obliged to draw the greatest part of
the burden. mud they too receive the largest propor-
tion of stripes. Many are crushed to deaths in the
quarries by the falling in of the earth ; and many.
buried in profound recesses, never again behold the
light. Hundreds die every year for want of food or
attendance. of the blasts which they receive, or
merely of grief. despoosiletic), and despair. Woe
be to them if they dare to murmur or utter the
slightest lamentation. For the smallest negligence
they receive two hundred blows on the sole of the
feet, or back ; and fur the least resistance they
are punished with death.
Wiwi' a wretched slave is rendered incapable of
proceeding farther by excessive fatigue. or crorl
treatment. he ill kit in the middle of the road,
whore he ectimita exposed to the cuttiug cuutempt
of the UMW, and is marmites crushed to death
by the wheels of their carriage.. They return froin
the sviountsios dripping with blood or covered
with braises ; they sink from fatigue and int&
von, and meet 'tot with a compassionate heart or an
mating hands One 'Vetoing as it began to grow
dark Flawed • hint voice calling me. I iresit op
to the spot from which it proceeded, and saw ass
misfortunate wretch extended 001 the ground. His
lips were covered with fumn, and the blood gushed
copiously from his eyes and *those. I stopped. over.
who Inted With pity and horror. "Christian ! Chris.
tiro !" said be its a doleful voice, Go have comps,.
sion on my sufferings. and put an end to a life
which leen no longer endure."—" Unhappy rams,"
said 1, " who are you then ?"—" 1 am a *hive,"
answered be, .4 unhappy indeed is the lot arisen !"
At this tuesnent en eldack, • petty military officer.
cute up. " Infidel dog !" cried Ise to the dying
wretch. " don't stop up the wad at the moment
when en Effessdi is passing"—and pushed the poor
creature down a precipice.
Another day a shire filled me with still greater

•
horror. He 'was dolefully seated at she root of an
old wall ; near hint lay an enormous burden under
which he Seemed in wee snook. His face was pale
and emaciated ; his eye+ dull and listed, mid his
brow exhibited she wiiisklea of affliction slid pre.
mature old age. He was in violesst agitation, brat
his hermit sad his rarelanal, and deep sighs burst
from the recesses of his heart. 66 What are you
doing. animist r s.i.i I so him. 66 What misfor-
tase has thus plunged you into despair Pour
Christians !" replied he. 66 they have no one to assist
theses ass earth. and their groans are not heard in
heaven I Naples is my (votary; but have I really a
craintry, when nob.sdy relieves. nobody remembers
me? At home. I wee rich. noble. illustrious ; see haw
'Many and cheery alter the hooks of noels For
eleven puss I nave ialtered.lelsoured, Nod implored
compaasion. But I will cease to complain, or to
seek succour. Front who:n could I expect it ? to
whom could I apply ? in whom confide? whet have
I dons to be situ' onpressed, to he- thus torment-
ed exhorted him in the best outliner I could
to patience and resigoetion ; I spoke to him of the
exalted hopes and the eternal rewards of virtue.
He gave a bitter sonde, and with o look of despair
begged me to leave I • . I retired with a feeling
of sot less horror theta pity. Nod roost saw him roll-
ing violently upon the ground, and heard hint line
aloud or mutter execrations. I departed with a
. _

belief heart, hos it was loisg- lwfure I was out of
hearing of the dismal wailing., of the slave.
Slavery has is it something degrading mod der
basing, which hears the heart, disgusts the rye,
said revolts the mind. This degraded being is de.
spiaied. as the lidisus derisive the proscribed and
ass ureed casts of the Parole sail Pulkii. Slaves
accustomed to green s yodel oppression. at length
imagine themselves to he not less contemptible than
unfortatiete. Those iron chains. which among
us are a sign of guilt anal dishonour, debase the
souls of those who wear them. Slavery extends
rens to she heart. The son of the civilized Earo.
pease at length helirees himself to be of an heft-Woe
Nature to the wages of the African Syrtis; and
she free-born num who lied learned to raise his eyes
to heaven, fowler himself mole fir the vile con-
dition of beartssof borders. The soul is often pn.
plied ii. the crucible of adversity ; but in the con-
dition of a slave there Is something dreary and
abject, which deprives courage of its mettle. which
tithe/gaieties the fire of every generous paseinei, cud
winch rote' Mies of hie intelligence and dignity. •
The greatest of all misfortunes is, that virtue,
which triumphs over adversity. which immeiimes
residers the latter useful ro us—virtue itself is often
weakened or even stilled in hems' oppressed by die
barbarity of mess, or crushed by the feeling of a
degraded nature. Sorrow, when it breaks the spi-
rit,
makes the heart bad; the virtues all proceed
from a 'orbit anal elevated soul, while boiseriess en-
genders nothing bist• vice. Religion itself, that
heaveelly support 'to which the trite twliever clings
when every other prop is overthrown, religion no
longer affords consolation ao the ulcerated heart.
The wretched craw to turn towards heaven, whet,
they find themselves forsaken 'capon earth. If at
least in suffering together these otifortatintes miles
gird their tears, and supported our soother sit their
allactions!..-but. isles ! freeisilship, the mild soother
of afflicted hearts become mute to beings who have
never met with pity. Instead of loving and cheer.
hog, they hate and cues one another. He who has
too severely suffered from the barbarity of mess and
the hardship' of fate. (eels the worm of pions tears
dried up within him. and the flame of kissilsiess
extinguished in his heart: that beat itself becomes
dry usid hard.
Nothing, remarks M. Sivinonde de Siemontli.
appears to us inure striking than this observation of
an eye-witness on the moral effects of slavery. on
that prostration of character. that contagion of
scone which even extend,. to Nino who is she object
of it, that confession of inferiority which force alone
extorts from weakness, dist cosiiracrion of tier heart
which doges it against pity. when our own neiseries
exhaust upon ourselves our whole faculty of por-
ferisig. Many other observaimits serve to confirm
this melancholy truth. We know that in great ns.
tioisal cal; ttttt tiro. pertileive. faiiiiiie. arid great
military diwasires. tie heart, in the midst of suf-
ferings and danger, is shirt to tttt ; nod
selfishness. called into lull action, to preserve our
own existence, stifles all other iffectenni. We
know that a race rarely incurs universal contempt,
without becommg really despicable; dint the go.
Imminent which guarantees liberty. renders in..
more virtuous, by making then, rerpeceable in their
own eyes, and that despistertn degrade* even in •
still greater degree than it resisters theist miserable.
This observations is as old as the time of Homer.
and has stood the test of experience. Yet it is snit
without pails that we are obliged to acknowledge
that the noblest and must valuable powommois which
is left us—abat virtue, like wealth and liberty, may
be wrested from us by fortune.
'few degradation of the Christians in Barbary
throws likewise a terrific light ors the state of the
negro slaves in tlecolisisies. The planters have iii.
resiantly reiwated that this degraded race calmed
deserve our compoosion ; that. holding au internws
diate place between the brute and .11:111. the negroee
thraisrive• acknowledge their inferiority ; that they
are born to obey anal to suffer ; 'list they have too
elevation of character, she gessermity. too greatness
of soul, and if they possess any- criers, they are
merely those of domestic animals. Our European
colonists have degraded the Black to insult him
afterwerds ; the ',laws with whirls they reproach hens
are their own work. mid Providence seem. to have
undertaken to coast mallet them, and to airtime human
nature, which they caluiniiiite ray Kiwis% the African
his retaliation on the coast of Barbary. There the
white Christian is a slave. huddled among besets of
burden. ill-tressed and degrioleil ; there too he
lira forgotten all the prerogatives by which Ica is
diwiiiguished ; his heart has at once lost the
elevated rentimesits which would have defended him
against his masterr, aml thee lender feelessgs which
would have alleviated the isifferiogs of his compa-
nions in misfortune. He is become rapatiotoi. idle,
Cruel, cowardly. mod deceitful. merely because
he is become a Wave. God forbid that we should
wish any soon or any class or men to exiwrierice
mirforenise, especially. masfortone so dreadful as
*livery ! But if the terrible ref:residers( Arroyo must
he exercised upon Chrirtiano, it two ur three thou.
sated of our brethren most be contiossialty shut up
in the bagnios of Algiers. as newsy in sittow of
Taints, as many in those of Tripoli, end others is

those or Moro( ro ai:d Mogador ; it were at leai.t to
be wistitd that those only who have trampled on
the tights and dignity of man should experience
that melancholy fair, sod that we might ;sever
ate any fall into blowsy but those who hate liiiives
thetuselve...
(lb tot esatiesest.)

THE 7VICE.

NEWMARKET JULY MEETING, 1818.

Tuninvr, JULY 14.
Mr. Noll. 31.•rfin, beat Mr. Dictator,
Bar. 51b. rash. A.E. 300,g5.-6 to 4 agst

Seetriotekt, of lOgs. each, fur 3.yr-olds, 804. 91b.; 4-yr-olds,
84. I Ili. 5 tr-olds, bat. 101 b.; 13.yr-ulds, 9st. ; toad agril,
04.41 b. T.M.M.
Mr. Peylie nate, a nods. 5 yrs old
G.,l.lafd u.rntw Aquilo, 4 yrs old
Sir C Snobs, ry's Btriiface, 3 yrs old a
D. of Graftorer, l'rictrac, 4 yrs old
Mr. Wyoulb.isn's b. c. by Teddy, out of a thiliattua more,
3 yrs old
Mr. Lake did oat Haute.
5 trt. 1 scst Rhoda-7 to 2 apt Trictrac-13 to 8 on
Mr. trynilbanis b. c. by Teddy.

Heathen, Sweepstakes of 16 es each, for 3 and 4 yr•olds.
Alt. M.

Mr. Nesles Caarsio, 4 yrs old, ttst. 21h. o •••• 1
Mr Prior C'lll loferior, 3 yrs old, 7.1.
Mr. Wymtlisin's f. by tileettuu, out of Mariattue, 3 yrs
ftu 1914.
Al 4 .r %%limos'* e by Jumper, out of Tip;utywitrb.•t, 4
yrs übl, 7•t. 1Ith
Ld G. H. Cayeadislt's thrift, 4 yrs old; 616. 10Ib.
7 to 4 spt Canya.s-11 to 4 apt luforios-7 to I agst Mr.
Wysonissa's I*. by Eitytkos.

Filly Pounds, (ur 3.yr.okb carrying Rst. 01le.; 4 tr-ulsle, ;
bst. @lb.; Cyr.ulds, 84. lilb. ; a,.d aged, 9al.
1) I.
Mr. lir. Clilfory's b. c. Pendolom, 4 yrs old 1
IA Ka ffiekrs ch. c. Glow-worm, 6 yrs old
Mr. Wyoulluna's b. b Vlauderer, aged
Geo. 4n/orator's b. f. by Ashton, 3 yrs old .... 4
to 4 ag4 Gluvr-worm.

;MOUTH AND GARRISON RACES,
• HORN DEAN DOWN.

Tummy, aux 7.
A 501. Plate, free for ill hump.' 3-yr-olds, fist. Alh.• four,
7.1. Itlh 514 sus, 54. 141 b.;

Two mile heats.
Clll.l;rsiver'o br. b. Brael4s yrs old, Sal. 121 b.
Mr. biros/ Ws br.g. Marksman, aged, rest. 4th 5 2
Captain Dirkaisseee be. h. Creeper, 6ya r 01,1,24 51b. 4 4
Mr. Itseetaell's hr. h. Non-emirturtor, 3 rs old, Rst .9b. 2 dr
Capt. White's b. R. Gas, by Canopus, 6 yrs old, Oat 3 dr
Mr. Walker's b. e. Sidaoptere, 4 yrs old, Sat. Mb 6 dr
Marksman soil &chamber rats on the wrong side of a post
tint beat, but saved their distance. Nlarksmaia the fa-
vourite 'Oust the to 2 almost Brush , after the
first Leat, eveu bettiug on Brash. Won easy.
A Sweepstakes of figs. each, will. 20gs. added, for horses not
thorough bred; King's Plate weights. '144, male heats.

(Mx Sttli.eribers
Calash. %tures b. rn. Knew, arcd,l2st. 7lb
Cul Graved imaincd Licit.. Si. Geurges; gr. R. King
Comfy

A 31aleh for 50z.. Tiro mile beam Gentlean•u Ridcrs.
Caplaia Gaontitles b. m. Mishap, 0 yrs old,
104. 11011,
Mr. Hayter's b. achy Risceplislas

W EDNESDAY.

A Plate of SAL for il4/111111/1 the property of flobseribeep.
• Weights as fur the Free Plate of yeskiday. - Two mile

beats
Mr. Dilly's Ir. g Allen, 5, yr• old, Wet 91b.
Mr. Rowley's b. g. Sturm, 4 yrs old, Isi. 9lh.
Mr. Bradief's br. f. by Rsibens, 3 yrs old, fist. 1
Even betting on Alien...won by a head only both heats.
A Free Handicap Sweepstakes of Sea. each, with a Ladies'
Puree of Sege. added. One mile heats.
Mr Brown% br. g Marksman, ated.lo.it. 411... 0 1 1
Cal. Grown'''. b. g. Sir Chrhoopber, a yrs old,9■t. 21b. 0 3 2
Cameos White's b. g fiss,o yrs itid, yet. 21b. .... 3 4 fir
Even betting ou Marksman and Sir Christopher; after the
Mead best 3 to 2on Marksman. A most severely contested
rare. Five others were handicapped, hut did not start.
A Sweepstakes of kir. melt, with 20gs. added, fur ►orses
which had been reenlarly bunted last season in the County
of Hants 'Rice mile loads. Itst. Gentlemen Riders.

(6 Subscribers.)
Captain Gaunt lett's b... Mishap
Colonel Groves's b. g S:r Christopher .. I dr
A well contested race; Sir Christopher the favourite at
starting, notwithstanding his previous severe race with
Marksman on the same - The - • wan superior to

day. _ sport
what is naval at Country Uwe, the heats being in general
well euntesiral.

3 per Ct. Red 7s,tt
pre. Ct. Cons. ..7731A
31 per Cent (new) 111 q
4 per Cents. 97n
3 iwr Ct. N. A toll
1031 106 k
BRA L. Ann. 20 5.16
7-16

hop. Aim. 35yrw. 15-16
Indio 80t.d5..94 96 pr.
E. Bill.. 2....19 21 pr.
Dim). t ......20 2l pr.
Ditto Coottocreial par.
Lottery 'rickets 19/.100.
°notion] dist.
Ceris. for Ace 7si

IRISH STOCKS, JULY 10.

Government Dehvutort i 3l 017,
Government Stock
Gove►nment Dehenitues 5 .... 741
Government Stock ....
Exchange, 10!

COAL bIAItILICI'. JULY 15.
*hips at Maraca Ships 114b14 Priee.
341 Newcastle 356. 9d. to 45s W.
Sansterlaad
1 Ciodiro .
