POI ICE.

WESTERN CII2CLIT.

sOMEIISET ASSIZES, WsLL.,Atra.

The Lord Chief Justice ABBOTT and Mr. Ttarbn (Luta ow sr-
rived here un Saturday, from Cornwall, and this morning their
Lordships proceeded to Croufl the bunt Chief Justice took h 6
seat on the Crown Sale, and Mr. Baron °ARNOW at 11i4i Prim,.

•
SiIEEP.STEALINty.
George Wall, alias Jam l'luipprii, aged twenty, stood charged
with having stolen two wethers and one ewe sheep, the property of
'Stephen Pithier, and others.
Stephen. Clothier (the prosecutor) ewarnlted, said he had a father
living, :mends name was like his own. namely, " Stephen;" I live
in the service of Mr. Hall, of Chew.hlitua ; am his footman ;
my
brother ant I had some sheep betyrem us; we had nineteen in
June last ; half were mine and the dater half my brother's; those
that were stolen were m
J own.
The Loan Casks• uan'r.---1 teiow many were yours out of
the 19 ?—Witncas lion many, Sir, tiny Lord, why--my brother
had eight—then I had—why—l had—let me see (here the poor fel-
low, to the great amusement of the whole Court, began to endea-
vour to find out by counting teP.h his fingers how many were his
portion. after deducting eight front the flock of 19—his arithme-
tical power., however, failea him it. this instance, and after
another question from the beird Chief Justice, to his great relief,
his genius returned, and he admitted that he was sure there were
more than three belonged to him, for he lost three, and then had
some letb—two of them bed horns--saw them on the last day
of June—can swear to them front certain marks, particularly from
the shape of their hornr—means two of them that had horns—pur-
chased them in lilarch last.
James Edwards—nese-Tilted the breed of the sheep, and stated
that he bought them of a neighbour, with whom he had been in the
habit of dealing.
Norton exannned—said that he sold the three sheep that after.
Innis turned out to be stolen, to the last witness, and that lie
bought them from the prisoner at the bar—die prisoner was at that
time in the service of one farmer Young—l bought them on the
Saturday. and soW titian again on the Monday—gave for the sheep
21. 17s—The prisoner said they were given to him by his uncle,
living at Whitchureli, three or four miles from Bristol.
Mr. W. Young called-1 live in the parish of Yarbury. The
prisoner lived in my service. I hired him by the name of J. Wail.
I remember sending hint for some sheep in April last. Ile brought
back with him, amongst those for me. three strange sheep. two
wethers and one ewe ; two of them had snag burrs. Ile asked inc
to let him run them in my flack. I said he might. The prisoner
marked them with my mark, but in a different lilac,. Mr mark
was a single Y, the initial of my name. Ile also marked them on
the ear. Tice prisoner said he had them from his uncle Morgan,
at Whitchurch. I had some suspicions about the sheep, in con.
sequence of which I made inquiries for his uncle :Morgan, but
without success. Mien I returned 1 said to the prisoner. "John.
fear this is a bad job about the sheep, I doubt they are stolen."
Ile denied all knowledge at the first, but afterwards confessed he
had taken them from Chew-Magna.
The prisoner made no defence.
The Jury found him Geilt!;—Dcaih.
At•c.rsr M.
CROWS
Before the JUSTTer.
WM. Leach was indicted for attempting. to violate the person of
Elizabeth Russell, a child under 7 years of age.
The girl gave her evidence in a rent clear manner, stating that
Sift had known the prisoner all her life, he being a neighbour of her
grandmother's, with whom she lived. In February last (the day
she did not know), she met the prisoner, when she was going to
lloubton village, in which parish her grandmother lived, fur bread.
The child then described the circumstances which let to the charge
against the prisoner, and was corroborated in particular parts of her
tvcimony by her grandmother, and a Mr. Bethel, a surgeon, who
had visited her professionadv.
The prisoner, on being called on for his defence, merely said he
was innocent a the charge.
His Lotman to put it to the Jury to say, whether they could en-
tertain any doubt of the prisoner's guilt.
The Jury found the prisoner Chitty, and the Learned Judge
sentenced him to two years' impriwurnent in die House of Correc-
tion, and to be there once privately whipped.
. • •

Israel Roar and William %jelly were indicted for assaulting
Robert Wilkins on the King's highway, in the parish of Barrow,
iu this county, on the fith August, and stealing from his person
some copper coin, two pairs of smekiogs, a handkerchief, and other
atticloi, his Froperty.
The prosecutor Sail, that he was returning Cram Bristol on the
d ty mimed in the indictment, and, on arriving near Chew Magna,
Ile overtook the prisoners, both of whom he knew. They asked
him if he wool,: go into the field and sit down, to which he assented.
They all three sate down on a bank, and, in a few minutes, Rose
xzed hint by the throat, and asked hint for the bundle he held is
h's hand. Whilst he was struggling with Rose, Duffelly took his
handkerchief, which contained the property in question, and ran
away. The prosecutor got away from Rose, and gave information
to the police at Iltistol of the robbery.
Two constables of Bristol proved 'that they apprehended the pri-
sayers at a house of ill fame in that city a fortnight after the rob-
bery. Rose, on seeing the constables, jumped out of a one-pair of
stairs window, but Duffelly made no attempt to escape. Rose was
taken by a third officer, at the top of the street where the home wu
situated in which they. lodged ; and they were both taken before •
3140s:rate, and commuted.
On the part of the prisoners two witnesses were called of the
names of Sprod and Evans, who swore that they saw the prosecutor
on the sinis question ; that he was very much intoxicated, and
that he told them that lie had lost his bundle, but he did cot know
shot was become of it, or where lie had left it.
The Bristol constables were recalled on the part of the prosecu-
tion, who proved, from their knowledge of Sprod and Evans, that
they were not to be believed on their oaths.
The witnesses were recalled, and it was elicited from them that
they had both been in custody; Sprott had been before the Magis-
trate twice, and Evans had been lodged in the watch-house at Bath
upon a charge of picking pockets at the last Lansdown fair, and
was discharged on account of the person robbed not appearing
against hint.
The Jury found both the prisoners Grill's.
CIVIL SIDE.
Bcfure flit. DarOs °miaow.
DYES THE lII:NDEED OF EINGSDOSY.
This action was brought 4,ainst the Hundred by the plaintiff, to
recover compensation given by the Statute for the injury he hail
sustained by the alleged wilful firing of his barn. It was proved
that the barn was seen on fire, in two distinct places, on a calm night
in November ; and that a few days after a piece of rag, saturated
with gunpower, was found near the spot.
The Jury, under his Lordship's direction, found a verdict for the
plaintiff—Damages, 1801.
At the close of this cans:, the Learned Judge intimated to the
Under-sheriff, that the trial which would be first called on Thurs.
tie (Porter v. Jones, Esq. for Crim. Con.) would not be fitting for
ladies to hear, but he trusted that the seats they usually occupied
would not be filled ; if they were, he should find it necessary to
order the unwcedly intruders to withdraw, in order to make room
for the tale occupants, if they should wish to be admitted when
this trial was ended.
WARRANTY OF A HORSE.
FISHES V. MUGGE. _ _

. -
Mr. Sergeant PELL stated the case to the Jute, and observed.
that this was rut only the first horse cause that had oscurreti, but
was one of a singular description. The plaintiff; Mr. Fisher, was
an attorney, residing at Bath, and the defendant was a farmer and
horseeleeler. Some gentlemen, on hearing the alOCatiOthi of the
parties, might think them well matched, but he thought it would
turn out that the hurse.dealer was too much for the man of law.
31r. Fisher, although a man of great skill in his profession, was not
at home in the science of horse-dealing, and it would appear that
he being in want of a quadruped of that reuse that the delendart
deelt in, he applied WI his assistance, and ultimately agreed to pay
2.11. for a home that was represented as perfect. However, after a
very short time the plaintiff discovered to his infinite mortiticetion
thet this pestiet sattinisi was not the horse that bad been re.
Amoopt other imperfections in this pattern of ex-
cellence, Mr. Fisher found that he was wall-eyed; and not
liking a walleyed hose, the plaintiff was naturally anxious to
send hint back, and receive in return his 23/. The defendant
slid not object to take back the horse, but the return of the
money was somewhat inconvenient to him, and therefore the plain.
till was compelled to make the best terns he could, end he ulti.
matsly entered into another agreement with the defendant to the
following effect :—`• Mr. Fisher has returned to Mr. Bragge a
horse called Foxbury for which Mr. F. paid 23/., and he has agreed
to take a filly called Fancy In exchange, and to pay Mr. Bragge
the further sues of 10/. Mr. Brugge agrees to break In the filly for
harness, and to keep her till the Ist day of April next." A ire.
movable day, observed the Learned Sergamt, when he teat° deliver,
unblemished, and in good condition, this famous filly ! It would
I be proved that Mr. Fisher's son was sent to Bragge's house, and
I that he paid the 101., in pursuance of this last agreement. The
!filly, however, on being brought home to the plaintiff's stables at
I Bath, turned out to be as sorry a jade as Foxbury : ;he was labour.
fog under complicated diseases, and so wretched was her condition,
that the plaintiff found it necessary to place her ander the care of a
ve:crinare surgeon before he could return it on the defendant's
I hands. 'flie Learned Sergeant then called Ilugh Evans Faber,
Iwo of the plaintiff, who proved the agreement.
John Allen Fisher stated, that he was also a son of the plaintiff,
and went to the defendant's about the Bth April to get a mare de.
I livered. Ile paid 101. asking the defendant to lend aim a AMT.
rtigrt, lest he should not have enough to carry him home. Ile did
I so, observing that it should be a debt between them. Witless
I rode the filly 30 miles in ten hours ; she appeared very weak. and
carried hint badly. Witness, when he first saw the animal, oh.
served to the defendant, that she was in a miserable cortlition. testi
. her legs appeared swelled. Defendant said she was a bony mare
and in hard tondition. and added, she had been ploughir.g Red l.eJ
been drawing a waggon load of turnips. She had also been :ode ,
fox hurting, and leaped remarkably well. Witness slept at Sliep.
tun 3lallett, and went the next day to Lath, walking the man all
the way.
Cras-exair.ined by Mr. Sergeant Witte.—Witass saw the
filly the first time en Sunday, the 11th April. He was positive he
did not see her before. Witnas and his brothers had been in the
habit of visiting at the de.fendat's, but he did not knew that he
was a home-dealer. He slept at the defendant's home on the
Thursday night, the Friday, and Saturday. He never expressed
' his admiration of the mare on either of those days. Ile did rot see
her defects until defendant had (stinted him, when he was returning
' to Bath ; then the filly, in trotting and galloping, appeared to sink
under him.
.1. Thatcher deposed, that the last witness brought the mere to
les stables in Bath on Monday, the 12th April. She was then very
poer in flesh, and her legs puffed. bhe had a large crack in her
heel, which witness considered an old grievance.
Mr. Sewell, a veterinary surgeon, saw the mare at Thatcher

stables on the 11th ; she was then in an iolporeriahed State; het
fetlock joints tere swelled and ulcerated.
Cross-examined.—Has been in business six years at Bath.
Curbs arc not ossifications, but diseases of the ligaments. They
might have been pnaluced in a fortnight or three months. (ireese
might rot have existed on the Sunday previous to the day he
examined her.
This was the case on the part of the plaintiff.
Mr. Sergeant 11'11.1)E, en the part of the defendant, observed,
that he would not then mop to inquire into the statement of his
Learned Brother as o the,chsractcr which his client had filled in
life. He could only say, lie was a most respectable farmer. and
had merited d very different treatment from that which he had ex-
perienced at the hands cif Mr. Fisher. He should call witnesses,
who would completely cont.adict the young wan who took away
the horse. and chew that be ran the horse befoic Sunday, and even
expressed his admiration of its beauty and movement'.
John Mane. brother to the defendant. stated that young Mr.
Fisher came to fetch away dr horse on Thursday. and on Friday
ordered four new althea to be put on her. On the morning of Fri-
day they rodc out torgether, witness on the mare and young Fisher
on Foxbury. Fisher expressed his admiration of the animal; he
took away the mare on Sunday ; she was without blemish or fault.
Witness 'knew that the mars was taken the greatest care of, and
taught to draw according to agreement.
The witness in his cross-examination stated, that the mare was
at the door, and that the had not curbs.
Mr. Sewell, the veterinary surgeon, stated that he had just seen
the mare, and would undertake to say site had curbs.
The Jury then went out to inspect the mare, and on their return
they said that sonic were of one opinion and some of another.
Several witnesses were called, who prayed that the mare was in
excellent condition when she was delivered, and was in &good state
at present.
Verdict for the plaintiff—Damages 331.

NORTHERN CIRCUIT.

WESTMORLAND ASJIZE, APPLEBY, AUGII7T 30.

The Grand Jury of Westmorland, at the head of which was
Lord Lowther, having been sworn Mr. Justice BAY LE v said—
Gentlemen of the Grand Jury—lt reflects great credit to this
County to observe, that there is but one cue in the Calentlar—(the
case of O'Neil—and that not marked by any particular act of attn.
gist
city. It la the case of a man for burg y, namely, that of break.
ing into a cellar. Now the law of bur ry is so defined, that there
must he an actual breaking into the welling.house to constitute
the capital part : and if you have any doubt as to the point. your
better way will IT to throw the bill out altogether fur the burglary,
and find only for the misdemeanor.

BURGLARY.
l'errry O'Neil stood capitally
.indicted for breaking into the
premises of Thomas Illackaddcr, In this county.
Mr. ARMSTRONG stated the case, and called
Thomas Black:Alder-1k keeps a public-house; he had missed
spirits previous to the 13th of 31:7, and caused watch to le set ;
he was net one that sat up that night, but he was called up ; he
went to the cellar, he found the prisoner there, who was secured ;
he went into the cellar, lie saw one of the measures removed, and
thrown down against the ertrv—it was out ' • it had not been used
that day by hint ; it appeared to have been recently used ; when
he found it that night there had been gin in it ; there had been no.
thing of that kind the day before; he was the person who locked it
tip, and the measure was dry ; be found bladders for containing
spirits, and a sack; the prisoner shouted, " 0 Jesus! Jesus! let
me out, and 1 will never be seen in this country again, if you do,
you may shoot me." There is a gateway over the cellar ; the house
and the barn are under one roof.
Elizabeth Illackadder. the wife of the prosecutor, ar.d lease
Allen, his servant, corroborated his evidence.
The prisoner in his defence said, it all arose out of a smuggling
transaction.
The Learned Junast charged the Jury, and stated the law of
burglary in breaking into the dwelling-house in the night time;
that the time of night was at that hour to constitute the act of bur.
glary ; and the only question fur their consideration was, whether
the prisoner at the bar was the person who had broke and entered
F the_premises ?
Vie Jury found the prisoner Guilty—Death.
The prisoner said, that he had six children, and he hoped his
Lordship would consider his case, and be merciful to him.
The Junon—You should have considered them before you
came here.
NISI PHD'S.
&fore Mr. Bare t Hr LEOCX•
DIXON V. TIIONTSON.
31r. OntEw opened the pleadings, and Mr. A xnxttsotr stated
the nature of the action, which was brought by the plaintiff, a
farmer, to recover of the defendant the amount of 18s. for the
loss of two sheep, which the declaration alleged he had lust by the,
hounding of the plaintiff's deg.
The defendant pleaded the general issue.
Thomas Dixon examined by Mr. A xnEasow—lie is the son of
the plaintiff; in 18`23, his father turned out 38 sheep ; he did not
find all of them afterwards ; last year be turned out 26 and lost two.
Roger Sharp examined—Be was the shepherd, and had the can
of the sheep. Ile heard the plaintiff' say that he had lost two
sheep, and that he had heard the defendant say, " there had been
sonic comical tricks done upon the Fell with watching one another.
but that what be saw of that kind, he was not to tell ;" he turned
them out by the defendant's order and set the doge upon them, and
that lie said Robinson was the best man he ever had for vanishing
sheep, and that he could set his dog on them with a whisp, which
he would immediately understand, and fly at the face and note of
them in a jiffy.

by Mr. Wrt.ttaats.—There had been II dif.
ftrence between him and the defendant, who was his late master.
lle said he was to let him know how things went on.
Mr. Winttasts (for the defence) said, this was as disgraceful
an action as was ever brought in the county of Cumberland, and
which ought to be scouted from a Court of Justice.
His Lonnsuir said, the only question was, whether the plain.
tiff had lost his two sheep by the hounding of the defendant's dog,
or by accident.
The Jury found for the plaintiff—Datrages, It.

D,:forc the Sir Jolts BATLEY, Knt.
TRESPASS.
'ALLINSON TENANT OF LORD LOWSDALE)
wTEBERGII.

This case occupied the Court nearly the whole day.
Mr. SCAILETT stated the nature of the action, which was no-
minally brought by a tenant of Lord Lorxdale, thotiFti, in fact, it
was virtually his Lordship's action, against the claim set up by
Mr. ‘Vveburgh the defendant, to the right of an island culled El.
der or Alder, in his Lordship's demesne, upon which the defen-
dant bad entered and cut titnbet ; sad the sole question was, to
whom did it belong ?
31r. Wu ,Llama, for the defendant, contended that the spot In
question was a kinder a kingdom of Sancho, a Tom Thumb of an
island, and scarcely large enough to whip a cat round, and more-
over 20!. was as much as it was really worth to either party.
After a number of witnesses had been examined pro and eon,
his Lordship suggested the withdrawing a Juror, in order that the
panics might be the better enabled to conic to a right conclusion,
suit amicably settle all matter of difference; but which suggestion
of his Lordship was not complied with, and the cause (although of
no public intmi.t. whatever) was not over until nine o'clock, when
the Jury retired to consider of their verdict, ar.d his Lordship left
the Court for the Castle.
After an absence of upwards of an hour, they found for the plain-
tlff—Damages 31. ; costs 40s.
Thete were four Special Jury Causes, which were deferred in
consequence of the lack ofsseeial jurors ir. atteadance.

The workmen have begun Afacadamizing the north end
of Portland-place. The whole of the new street is to un-
dergo the same process.
Sterne says, and the observation has been applied
thousand times since. that " they manage these things
better in France." There is, however, no rule without an
exception, and it is not difficult to find many things better
ordered iu England than across the Channel. One instance
for the present shall suffice. In the year 1821, an English
Gentleman insured his furniture, library, and plate, for
1,1001. (21',0(,0 francs) with the "Comragnie Rcyale 4'4s:u-
nmet.," at Paris. This Company undertook also Marine
Insuranc,s, which did not answer: the assured in the
case now stating, being dissatisfied with the Company, as lie
did not consider it offering a sufficient guarantee in case of
accidert, consequently did not renew his insurance in April
last. The Company invited him to continue to irsure at
their office ; he declined ; they threatened him with a law
suit if he did not ; he set them at defiance, and he accord-
ingly received a summons, for the Ist of September, to
appear before the Juge de Pair, to "hear himself con-
demned definitively to pay to the plaintiffs the sum of $l7
francs, due to them by the defendant for the premium of one
year's insurance, which will end on April 30, IS‘25, by
the said Company, on the furniture of the defendant, anil
belonging to him, according to a verbal sgreement of the
30th April, '&2l, of which proof will be given if neces-
sary, under all reservations, particularly that of leaving to
the risk of the defendant all accidents or losses which may
have happened, or shall happen, dating from the day of
his beirg in arrear to that in which the arrears shall be
paid up." We were silly enough to V. ink that a man
could drop his insurance whenever he pleased, as by ceasing
I to pay the risk of the Company ceased, and there ended
the mlttcr. But the lloyal Company of Fire Insurance
a: l'aris doles not think so : and having once insured at
its office, it compels or tries to compel you to conti-
nue to do so. 11-Itat would be thought of. an Eng-
lish Insurance 011ee, that would attempt to force a
person to continue to assure with it, and bring an action
for two and twenty shillings, the premium of a year
in advance, at the same time that the assured is told the'
Company does not hold itself liable to any risk !! ! Vice /a
Covagnie R.?afe trifsserance: We shall watch for the
. decision of the Jsgc de PGil, which cannot, we presume,
but be favourable to the assured. Thus, in attempting to
force a continued assurance, the Royal Company, to gain
. two and twenty shillings, exposes itself to a public judicial
inquiry into its solvability. Shall we not now say, then,
" They manage those things better in England ?"

MANSION-HOUSE.
A very uncommon charge of felony was made on Tuesday even-
ing at this Justice-room, after the Lord Mayor had finished the
list of complaints. A gentleman of great respectability, who pos-
sesses three large estates in Tortola, came into the Justice-room,
followed by a young man of colour. and the celebrated Air. Wad-
dington, the Spa-fields advocate of the rights of man. The little
radical was struck with a dialogue between the planter and the
black, in which he heard that magical wool " liberty" used, and
listened attentively, in the hope of benefiting that cause which re.
brebatea and chastises oppression. The planter accused the black
of having committed a f.rlony in stealing a valuable pleasure-boat,
whereas it at erwards appeared that the poor fellow stole nothing
but his own liberty, with whit:lllle was endeavouring to escape a
second time, when the planter, whose slave he had been by right
of purchase, seized him. The black declared that nothing in the
world should induce him to return to servitude. " No, no, 111111.9 a."
said he, " I'll be slave no more, but I'll go to the Lord of the City
to see what lie any to me." The proposal was agreed to, and the
planter, who believed that lie had a clear case of felony against the
black, stated the grounds of the charge to the Chief Clerk.
It appeared that the negro. d, together with three others, had been
purchased at a very high price, to work upon one of ie planter's
estates which lie upon, the sea shore. lye was so accomplished
that 120 guineas were given fur him, and an equal sum was paid for
each of his three comrades. They had charge of their master's
pleasure boat, and between two and three yearn ago, they took on
board a small quantity of provision, and set sail in quest of liberty,
which they found in the Island of St. Domingo, after encountering
no hardship, except that which sprung from their fears of being
overtaken and punished. The prisoner succealed in getting employ-
mem nn board a ship, bound to this country, and has ever since ;
entertained the highest opinion of the change in his condition.
The planter admitted that he could not prove that his slaves had
endeavoured to sell the pleasure-boat. but he had no doubt of the
fact.
Waddington said, the planter had in the street called to him
and other persons who were standing by to witness that the black
said he bail sold the boat. Now, the black had said no such thing.;
The negro here declared in the most solemn manner, that he had II
committed to robbery. Ili, only object was to leave slavery, which
be never could patiently endure, particularly since he had commu-
Matted with the Lord. " I was desired by the lAird," said lie
"tobe no slave more. So I took the boat, and we move away. I
never rob no one, no. no. I wanted liberty, no money, no boat.
The Lord told me take the boat, and I took it; Our Amighty
praised."
The planter—And did God Almighty tell you to steal the boat
The negro—No, no ; he do no such thing; nor he not tell you
kissee Louise one day and flee Louise another day. Nor he no
tell you starve black man and flocgee black man always—no, no.
The arner repelled this hint with indignation.
The Negro-4 Our Amiglity know 1 treated bad. Ile bid me
go. Ibe slave no more." Ilere the negro fell down upon his
knees, and returned thanks to God aloud for his liberty. Ile,
wanted nothing from any man. lic merely asked for the continue
ance of what he now had—his liberty, and he knew " de Lor of
the city" would r.ot take that from him.
' The Loan Mar on not beir.g in the house, the case was post-
' pored to yesterday.
' The negro don appeared, hut there was no repetition of the
charge.
The negro, upon being told that he was at liberty to go where
he pleased, would have fallen upon his knees to give his blessing
to all around. but the gaoler telling him that it would do standing,
he bowed low and said, • Gor Amighty bless you."

GUILDHALL.
Several notorious impostors wire this day brought before the
Sitting Magistrate, Alderman J. J. SrIITH. and on proof of their
repeated delinquency, were senter.ctd to various periods of im-
pnsoument.
BOW-ST R E ET.
Yesterday a man of the name of !rare N.—xion, the proprietor of
apiece in the Strand, known by the name of " The ii'estminster
Central Mart," vuie-1, a Register-office for servants. was brought
before Mr. lIaLLs, upon a warrant, charged with assaulting a Mr.
Poole, a broker, and threatening not only to pull his nose, but to
throw him out of a two pair of stairs window.
It appeared that Newton had taken a house in the Strand, nearly
opposite his old shop in Southampton-street, from a Mr. Adams,
of Pickett-strut, with a view to furnish it splendidly, and then let
it out in chambers to respectable gentlemen, as a source of very
large profit. No such furniture, however, was put into the house;
a quarter's rent remained unpaid ; and Mr. Adams employed Mr.
Poole to distrain what he could find on the premises to pay the
rent. Mr. Poole obeyed his instructions, and found very little,
but put a man in possession. Subsequent information in.
doted Mr. Poole to suspect that some of the furniture had
been conveyed away, and he paid rather an early visit the other
morning, about three o'clock, and while Mr. and Mrs. Newton
were in bent, in order if possible to ascertain the fact. In this in-
quiry his suspicions became confirmed, and he awoke Mr. Newton
and his wife, telling them the object of his visit. Newton got vet
angry at being thus disturbed, and complained bitterly that such
an intrusion should have been made upon his wife. However, Mr.
Poole was determined to discharge what he considered his duty.
Mrs. Newton dressed herself and got up; and Mr. Poole wu fur.
thee confirmed in his opinion as to part of the furniture having been
conveyed away.
Mr. Newton here bounced a great deal ; said much of what he
ought to do, and what be would be justified in doing; but the
assault being proved, be was held to bail, to answer for it at the
neat Sessions.

MATTON-fiARDEN.
Mary Pickering, a widow woman, and Seeds Shannon, a
young girl (who were remanded t:11 yesterday), were brought np
for final examination, charged with wilfully and maliciously set-
ting fire to the dwelling-house, No. 3, Castle-street, Clerkenwell,
where :Mrs. Pickering resided.
Mr. Hemmen', the solicitor, appeared on behalf of the
prisoners.
Previously to the investigation, the prisoners intimated, that the
Company with whom the house was insured, did not intend toap-
pew in support of the prosecution.
Henry Stacey, residing in the [tame street with the prisoners, de-
posed, that on last Thursday night, about ten o'cleck, on his re-
turn home, when he knocked at his residence, his mother directed
his attention to Mrs. Pickering's front parlour, in which there ap-
peered an unusual glare of light • he went and peeped through a
I hole in the window-shutter, and Observed flames in the room, and
and there was a strong smell of burnt wood ; in an instant he beard
something fall, which seemed to damp the flames. The flames
were issuing from a corner of the room.
The mother of this witness deposed, that about the hour of ten,
she saw the prisoners come out with a bundle; and a Mrs. Nash,
who residesin the same house with Mrs. Stacey, confirmed her tea.
thnony, and added, that she observed Mrs. Pickering, after shut.
day the street door, look very earnestly through the hole in the
shutter, upon which the prisoner, Shannon, remonstrated with her
for delaying, observing, • You know I have taken care, it is all
right do you want to stop here all night ?"
John Dellis's, a housekeeper in the same street, deposed, that
on hearing the cry of •• Fin !" he repaired to the spot, and, with
the assistance of the watchman, broke into the house : nearly an
entire cupboard in a corner of the room was consumed, hi the bot-
tom of which were old ries, anti other imilammable substances,
and against which were placed a mattress, a bed, and a blanket ;
there was to Ere in the grate, neither was there a candle or a candle.
Welt in the room. There was a table placed against the first-floor
front window. and a mattress in the apartment on the second floor.
This was all the furniture described to be in the house.
In consequence of the representation to Clarke, a constable, by the
firemen who attended, of the suspicion in the case, he proceeded
instantly to the place where he was infornied the prisoners were in
belt at first they . refused him admission ; but, after some diifi-
culty, they surrenotred themselves. Mrs. Pickering appeared
much agitated, but Shannon was quite unizovetl.
Mr. Jackson, proprietor of the house attended, and deposed,
that the house had been regularly let to Mr. Pickering, but since
his demise, Mrs. Pickering was a tenant a: will, and in tact, did
net_ yet owe a quarter's rent.
Mr. HC34PHRIEII explained on the subject of insurance, that
during Mr. Pickering's life, the house ass insured successively for
3001. and 20W.. but immediately on his demise, Mrs. Pickering re-
dated it to ItiW.
As the Magistrate seemed decided on the subject, be forbore
entering upon any Feints of defence.
11 The prisoners were accordingly fully committed for trial.
Story BeCarthy and Mary Davis, two notorious prostitutes,
have a long time infested Fleet-market, were brought up
under the following peendiar circumstances :
They had been met about a week ago by Thompson, one of the
Bow-street patrol, with some linen in their posses.ion, fur which
they c:eild not satisfatorily account. They were remanded after
being examined at this office, in order to have the property traced.
In the interim Thompson was informed by a young lad, named
John &lie Eaton, that he had been robbed of his watch, chain,
and seals, by two young women ; and front his description of
them, Thompson suspecting that they were the prisoners in
'custody, requested him to attend this day, when they would be
rwoxitmlned on the fire
The young man accordingly attended and identified both pri-
soners. Ile deposed, that on last Monday tire weeks, as he was
passing by George-alley, Fleet-market,' about Os o'clock, the psi.
sorer Paris accosted him, decoyed him into a house in the same
alley, and on entering her apartment she kicked hint violently on
the ba,k, and knocked hint on a bed, when immediately the ether
prisoner Caine to her assistance, sod after violently using him, they
dragged sway his watch, &c., though they were compelled to
break a strerg chain which secured it. After this violence they
immediately made off with their homy. The young man ymrsued
them without effect, and then gave inthrmation of the robbery at
this offee.
They were fully committed to Newmste foe trial.
The grossly obscene language of both prisoners during the eta-
ideation was embarrassing to the Magistrate in investigating the
case, and even after they were committed their language was so
gross, that they were kept in *Tante dark cells mud they were re.
moved to prison.

It is impossible to avoid noticir3 the %cry great improve-I
meat how taking place in the Stianti by the widening of
the footway. Our trade's. Lowever, will be likely to
think the inhabitants pay prAty handsmarly for it, when
we Inform them, that every square foot of the flag-way
coats fourteen-pence, and that every stone used in the
carriage-way costa above five-putce.
A dreadful fire broke out nt twelve o'clock en Tuesday
night, in the extensive premises of Mears. Delatard and Co.,
sosp-manniseturers and tal!ow4neherv. Putney. the whole of which,
with the adjoining premises, were totally consuwed.

THE SILK TRADE.
Yesterday and the thy hefty—MT—nt WET T, the presiding Iya.
gistrate at AVorship.street, was for a considerable time occup,e4
hearing and determining a cause of complaint which had ham pm.
(erred by a journeyman weaver against Ins employer.
It appeared that since the repeal of the Spitalfields Acts, with,
out any substitute which could form a standard for the regeutia,,
of wwm between manufacturers and journey mm, except the Act
passed in the last Session of Parliament, entitled " An Act to coe.
sondem and amend the laws relative to the arbitration of dispute
between the masters and workmen." The consequence was, a con,
siderable share of interest was excited in the neighbourhood' of
Bethnal-green and Spitalfields upon the present occasion, for the
purpose of ascertaining the decision of the Magistrates upon ty,e
point. The circumstances were these:—
Mr. AVaterlow, a respectable silk manufacturer, 27, Cl,:utch.
street. Spitalfields, appeared on Tuesday in answer to a summots
obtained against him hy Samuel Popler, a journeyman. for rota,
lowing him sufficient wages for weaving a piece of un:brella mar,
tua, nod also for furnishing him with bad materials.
The complainant related " a woful• tale," by stating, that he,
his wife, and child, had not more to live on by their work thin
SUs. per month, and that it was morally impossible they mod
exist upon that scanty allowance, and if ha was compelled to con.
tinue at it with the materials with which he was provided, no w:4
but the walls of a workhouse would be their fate.
Against this statement, on the other side, it appeared, that
when he received the silk to manufacture he got 10s. in advance, and
oo the following Saturday lie represented to his employer that he
had manufactured eighteen yards, upon which statement he re,
ceived a farther advance of 11.. but that that statement was con.
I pletely false, as his employer could only get (even ins week after)
I fifteen yards ; and that the materials which he got were cm tie.
11, serving gßthEexwE r descriptionia,igaiivr-ad, enoiffthe them.parths
had
any
objemicn to
leave the subject at issue to arbitration ?
Mr. Edward Clarke then stepped forward, and stated, that he,
in common with other operative silk weavers, felt considerable in.
term in the fate of the proceedings but he believed the ?fig's.
mates were empowered, under the late Act, to appoint referee, is
case the parties could not agree in a selection, which he undentood
was not then the case.
Mr. Ilr.xie eel. expressed his approbation; the parties than
Iwithdrew, and yesterday they again appeared, when 3lr. Webb,
Mr. Nraterlow's clerk, attended on has part. Mr. Bennett coy
then apprised, that although the arbitrators had agreed, still the
journeyman would lot submit to their decision.
Mr. BENNET T—Are there any of the arbitrators present ?
Mr. Irebb—Yes. your Al'crship, the two appointed on the rut
of the journeymen are preser.t.
1 Mr. Edward Clarke aid Mr. Francis 31ick1oe then presectce
themselves, when— -

Mr. Clarke stated, that they, on the part of the journeymen,
with two masters, on the pan of the man afacturers, had the tem
ing before examined the work and the materials of which it was
composed, and although the present work had only 100 shoots to
an inch, and that the late book of prices, under the Spitalfiehis
Acta, allowed for the same description of goods 14d. per ysed,
when hating 120 shoots to an inch, yet the arbitrators tbougtt
proper (in consequence of the trouble and time lost) to allow the
full price of the book, although there were 20 shoots to an inch
diference. That the masters had agreed to their decision, but the
journeyman was not satist:cd.
The journeyman stated, that he could not go on with it, and if
he did the poor-house must be his lot.
Mr. DICSNETT said, that if he did not finish the work he would
relieve him from any anxiety of a poorhouse, at hut for soma
tine, as he would be obliged to commit hint to the House of for.
ruction; and as he (the journeyman) was the complainant lie shoull
dismiss the complaint ; and then, addressing Mr. Webb. said he
was at liberty to apply the following day for his employee', retre!y
egsinst the journeyman (if he should feel it necessary,. et:: IA
complaint would be attended to.
They then withdrew.
