NINETY ACRES.

Also, in Two Lots, EIGHTY ACRES of ARABLE LAND
and ROUGH GROUND, lying contiguous. •
The road from Hounslow to Twickenham and Richmond panes
through the estate, the neighbourhood highly respectable, a line
healthy situation, and only ten miles from the metropolis.
To be viewed by tickets only. Particulars may be had on the
; at the Red Lion Hounslow : White Hart. Windsor
Castle and Windmill. Salthill ; Star and Garter, Castle, and Tal-
bot, Richmond ; of James Western, Esq. Solicitor, James-street,
Bedford-row ; at Garraway's ; and of Mr. Robins. No. 170. Re-
gent-street ; of whom tickets for viewing may be had, and where
a plan of the estate may be seen.

•
WORKS PUBLISHED BY SHERWOOD. GILBERT
AND PIPER. PATERNOSTER-ROW.
rpHE UNIVERSAL CHRONOLOGIST, and HIS-
.1- TORICAL REGISTER, from the Creation to the close
of the year 1825, comprising the Elements of General History,
from the French of M. St. Martin ; with an elaborate continuation.
in which are minutely detailed the numerous and important Es ents
and Transactions arising out of the French Revolution.
By HENRY BOYLE.
In Bvo. illustrated by an engraved Historical and Chronological
Chart, price 11. 16%. in boards.
A NEW UNIVERSAL BIOGRAPHY, chronologically
arranged, and the subjects classed according to their mime talents
and pursuits: including Regal, Imperial, and Historical Cha-
racters, as well as persons of eminence in every art and science.
By the Rev. J. Platte, volumes 4 and 5, Peke I/. 13s. in boards.
The advantage% of a chronological arrangement in a work of this
description are many and obvious. inasmuch as, by the juxta-
position of contemporaneous lives, and the classification of the
subjects according to their several persuits and distinctioos, a con-
tinuity, as well as a sympathy, of interest is excited, which is
wholly unattainable in a dictionary or other alphabetical form of ar-
rangement, wherein every subject of reference must of necessity be
unconnected and isolated : whereas, in a chronological arrangement
every personage has his proper place, both in respect to his prede-
cessors, contemporaries, and successors, and to the subjects with
which he is historically connected.
The NEW LONDON MEDICAL and SURGICAL DIC-
TIONARY ; including Anatomy, Chymiatry, Botany, Materis
Medics, Midwifery,;Pharmacy. Physiology, &c. with the collateral
Branches of Philosophy and Natural History, avid combining in
one volume those departments of Medical Science which have here-
tofore been dispersed in separate and expensive works. By J. S.
Forsyth, Surgeon, author of the " Natural and Medical Dleteti-
con," " Medical Pocket Book," &c. price l&+. in boards.
The FA RIM ER'S COMPANION; or, Complete System of
Modern Husbandry ; includidg the latest Improvements and Dis-
coveries. in Theory and Practice. By R. W. Dickson, M.D.
Honorary Member of the Board of Agriculture, lee. Illustrated
with upwards of one hundred engravings, representing improved
implements for farming. various breeds of cattle, sheep, &c. IA
one large. volume, royal Bvo. price 11. IN. in boards.
THE ORCHARDIST: or, a System of close Pruning and
Medication for establishing the Science of ( lrcharding. as patronised
by the Society for the Encouragement of Arts. Manufactures, and
Commerce. By the late T. S. D. Bucknall, Esq. M.P. price ss.
in boards.
This work obtained for the Author the prize medal and thanks
of the above Society. A few copies only remain.
A TREATISE on the IMPROVED CULTURE of the
STRAWBERRY, RASPBERRY, GOOSEBERRY. and
CURRANT, in which are pointed out the beat methods of ob-
I tuning ample Crops of those Fruits. Illustrated by Four coloured
Platee, on which the Fruit is drawn in its natural size. By Thomas
Haynes. In Bvo. price Ins. boards
The ANGLER'S GUIDE; being a new, plain, and complete
Practical Treatise on Angling, deduced front many years' practice
j and observation. By T. F. Salter. Illustrated with numerous
, I new Cuts and Engravings of Fish. Flies, &c. drawn from the Life.
i iNew and improved Edition. Price As. in boards; or on fine royal
paper, of which a few copies only ate printed. 12s.
The TURF 11 ERALD ; or, Annual Raring Calendar for IBM
with eopinue Indices and separate Lists of the Winners of King's
r : Plates and Gold Cups throughout the year; of the Wieners of
King's Plates at Newmarket since 1727, and of the Craven and
I July Stakes since 1771 and 178 d; Winners of Gold Cupa at Ox.
t ford. Preston, and Lancashire, and of the Woodeot Stakes and
: York Spring_ St. Leger, from their respective commencements;
also,
aocf. thßeyD
jounhca,untiro,t.
er‘St. Leger ; Derby. and Oaks, at Epsom,
sce
batted. •Its a pocket volume, price 61. WAG

PARLIAMENTARI: INTELLIGENCE.

1101sE OF LORDS, TIII/RIDAY, Aram 6.

ford Byron Byron took flit mishit and his sett.
GAM k: LAWS.

?he Earl of DERBY presented a petition, eigned ►y the Migb
Sheriff and by the Grand Jury of the county of Lancaster, pray-
ing for a revision of the game laws. ilia Lotdship stated his con-
currence In the prayer of the petition, and expresaad a hope that
some Noble Lord, more competent to the task than himself, would
intmduce mnite measure for the purpose of revising the present
game laws.
SLAVERY. _ _

Ned 11411111,R.5T presented reports cf the guardians of neva*
in the islands of Demerara and Bethke.

The Marquis of I,ANSDOWN, in the absence of his noble
friend the Earl bt Darlington. presented a petition from the county
of Durham, praying for the abolition of negro slavery.
Earl GROSVENOR Raid, that in looking over the paper which
bad been laid on the table by the Noble Earl at the head of the
Colonial Department, he did not perceive that there was aoy re-
turn or account of the free negroes in the Island of Berbice. His
Lordship wished some teperiment might be made, for the purpose
of providing for negroes who had obtained their freedom in the
',denies, and that a return should be given to their Lordships of
whatever attempts had been made to ameliorate their condition.
Earl BATHURST said that Commissioners hsti been appointed
on the purpose of inquiring into the state of the free negron in the
Colenies. Those Commissioners had rot as yet made their report,
and his Lordship thought it would be premature to tate any step I,
until all the information on the subjea shonid be before their Lord. I
ships. As soon u the report was prepared it should be laid beforr
she House.
CORN LAWS.

The Earl of MALMgiiiliifilliPresented petitions wgtinst any
alteration in the Corn Laws, from the following nlaces:—Win.
aiiter, Portsmouth. Newport, Andover. Peer field, Romany,
A Iresford, Basingstoke, Leamlngt,m, andllanintry.
Karl GROSVENOR presented a petition ham Lancashire
against the Corn Laws.
The Earl of AIA LMESBUR I* moved for a returnof all grain
and floor imported from Canada into the United Kingdom, from
the let of itlay, 1823. to the Ist 31areh, 'Bei; and also for a re-
'-turn of all foreign corn and flour in bond, in the United Kingdom,
during the same period.--Ordered.
CURRENCY OF SCOTLAND.

Lord CAWDOR presented a petition tram Nsirn against any
alteration in the present banking system N Scotland.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE presented a similar irtition from
Psebleshire.

The S:nall Tithes Bill was read a third time and passed.
Adjourned at half past Fire o'clock.

MOUSE OF COM9IONs, TarcanAT, Ariut. 6.

LIVERPOOL AND MANCHESTER RAIL-WAY.
Shortly after the Speaker took the Chair,
Ileneral GASCOY NE rose to move the third reading of this
Bill. Ile regretted extremely, he said, the necessity of addressing
the House on merely local business ; but the strong Tarty which '
be saw arrayed against the Bill, made it incumbent on him to offer
some observations on its merits. The ftst objection made to the
Bill was, that it threatened to interfere too much with the enjoy-
ment of property in that respect the reposed rail-way was not
more objectionable than any other public work ; the country
through which it was contemplated to construct it was one of the
most populous tracts In England, It was completely covered with
towns, factories, gardens and villas; and it would be impossible to
tainstruct there any road or canal, however desirable, without en.
countering the most violent opposition. But that each party might
have full indemnification. there was a clause in the Bill which
amply provided for the adjustment of terms ; no party. therefore,
could lose anything by the rail-way crossing his premises, and it
was ridiculous, in a country over-shadowed by factories, six or
seven storks high, and tilled with steam engines, to talk of sitting
. down in retirement and complain of rail-ways breaking in upon their
seclusion. It was denied by some that there was any necessity I.lr
such a work for public accommodation; to this objection it would be
audiciert to answer, that every commercial company in Liver.
pool had subscribed in favour of the Bill; that circumstance was
sufficient proof that the scheme did not originate in private mo-
tives, but in the necessity of anew mode of transit; but, indepen.
dent of the benefits which this work would confer on the trade of
Liverpool, it would be peculiarly advantageous to Ireland. increas.
tog the market of Irish produce as it lowered the cost of its car-
riage; and he was sure the House would listen favourably to every
measure which tended to facilitate our intercourse, and connect us
In closer intimacy with that country. The Hon. Member concluded
by moving the third reading of the Bill.
Mr. 'WI!. PEEL supported the motion. Rail.rnads, he said,
were the best possible means of communication, and it was natural
to rzsort to them where there was a deficiency of conveyance. The
trade of Liverpool, it was known, had been increasing with such
ttinidity since 1760, as to double itself every twenty years : it was,
e.treime, rtimataos to argue that new and expeditious modeller
conveyance were not requisite in that %wailer, nor ought land to ye.
main inviolate in the hands of its proprietors, if Midi inviolability
compromised, in any degree, the full developmeat of the national
resources; but In this case no such interests were Involved • the
d.od proprietors were tilled, however, with the most chimerical
alarms by the propnetors of canals, slid some individuals were led
to believe that the rail-way was to pass even through their dining.
rooms. The petitioners in favour of the itill were of the highest
respectability, and the only question was, whether parliament
would be so far swayed by the representatioris of a few timid or
interested individuals as to withhold its sanction from a project of
great public utility.
Mr. STANLEY said that if it had been proved that any public
benefit were to be derived from that Bill, he would not withhold
his assent from it, but on the contrary, it appeared to hint to be
replete with mischief. public as well as private; it ought to be ee.
membered that that Bill had last year undergone an ample discus-
sion, and after a great deal of evidence, it had been rejected by the
Committee. It was true it had undergone come subsequent
changes, as had been correctly stated by the gallant tientleman op-
posite. but it still remained as objectionable AN before on general
principles. Considerable pains had been taken to inculcate the notion
that great benefits were to accrue to Ireland from the execution of
this project; and if that could be proved, it would go far to ob-
viate any objection which might be brought against it; bat lie was
grieved to see the gentlemen of Ireland taking assertions for facts.
and going down to vote For the Bill, without any demonstration of
its utility: The rail-way-scheme bad been brought forward with
the greatest pretensions : goods were to be carried at half the ordi.
nary expense, and at the rate of 12 miles, which was afterwards
reduced to 10 miles per hour; but that boasted speed was now
brought down to the very moderate rate of three miles an hour.
It might be supposed that these rail-ways were to exhibit a won.
derful illustration of the refinements of science. and of the happy
application of steam-power ; but that was not the case ; the whole
'business was to be carried on by horse.labour; *circumstance
which he believed had escaped the notice of many who had en.
gaged to support the Bill. The proposed rail-way would interfem
with three great canals ; it was worth while, therefore, to compare
it with canals. in impact of accommodation. It was proposed to
carry on die railroad ten tons a distance of three miles in one hour,
with the labour of one horse. In this computation no allowance
was made for stoppages; although experience had shown, on the
Llarlir.gton rail-mad, that the delays amounted to no 'eat than one.
11401 of the time spent 'span the road. The simple fact, how-
•earr, was, that between Livcrp;ol and Manchester, the conveyance
-by the rail-road would occupy ten hours and a half, exclusive of
eeoppages ; while the average time on the cans! was twelve hours,
tottluding all stoppages. In respect of celerity, therefore, the for-
mer had no advantage. He was convinced, also, that the rail.way
-multi not carry goods at a cheaper rate than the canal. Thema-
mated freight on the rail-way was tis. Gd. per ton, while that on the
canal was 10s. b.yd. ; but this latter sum Included several small ex-
tra charges, which were calculated -with the greatest accuracy, and
which, beidg deducted, left the freight by the canal only !in., while
If. fal. was charged by the rsil.way. -But supposing that the rail-
road should throw out of employment the canal, it then became
a question whether the public would be benefited by the change.
The tonnage charged by the canals on individuals carrying their
ow! goods. was 3s. 4d. ; for coals, Is. Gd. ; for manure, 3s. ; and
atfftuhuralprodece was free; while the rail-way was to charge for
cotton, 7s. Ud. ; for timber and grain, rm. Gal. ; for MOOe or bekk,
tic 4d. ; and for everything else, Ss. 10d. In these terms it was
evident there was no advantage held out ti the public. With re-
spect to •Ireland, the only benefielikely to result to that country
from the intended road was, the reduction in the cost of
carriage of a certain description of mil for a distance of 'bow
too miles. This was the only fact la favour of the rail-
road, and yet the saving could amount at farthest to a ;shilling
a ton, while at the same time the expense of cartage was incurred.
It was incumbent on the supporters of the Bill to show that there
was a want of accommodation for the conveyance of goods, but
since they had declined it, he was willing to take on himself the
om,r proGuedi, and to prove that a new means of transit was quite
'mammary. Boisterous weather had sometimes prevented vessels
from ascending the Me but works were in progress which
wintld enable vessels of Mona burden to discharge their cargoes
100 miles lower down. Under all these circumstances it appeared
to him that Parliament ought to interfere, in order to suppress that
sad spirit of speculation; for the project before the House could
Pat be &signet.d otherwise than as a mad project. The shares of
the Manchester rail-way had once been at 47 premium, but were
wow fallen to one per cent. discount. The difference which existed
is the opinions of the engineers consulted, fully proved how little
credit was to be placed in the estimates of the undertaking. Mr.
„Ramie considered the friction of the rail-road era than that of a
canal; while Mr. Palmer, supported by Mr. Barlow, thought it
greater in the proportion of 67 to 10. The purchase of the ground
was estimated at 71,000/. and the cost of construction at WOOO/.
Now, in order to pay the ordinary interest of that capital, it
would be necessary that eight hundred and firty.seven torts of goods
Auld be carried each day between Liverpool and 31anchmter ; but
she whole amount of goods daily conveyed by canals between those
places was 1.200 tons to Manchester and 2110 hack. Thus, while
k was necessary to the maintenance of the rail-road that it should en.
ens so large a proportion of the whole business, it was evident
that It could not subsist in eohjonetion with the 'canals. The itc-
cosomodation by these was so shandant, that last year a great 1111111.
'tee of hosts were left without employment. The Hon. Member
easeluded by esprensing Isis hope that the House would not sine-
ties a measom which promised so little public benefit, and which
would li2 so productive of signal hardship to individuals, and by
moving as an amendment that the Bill should be read that day six
sioitha.
tit 1. COFFIN sou of opinion that the Bill could be beneficial
to moos but tit Noble Lords through whose estates the rail-road

VW to pass. Ile would ask sny Hon. Gentleman whether he
would like to see a rail-road trade through his garden. tie was con-
vincal, by diligent inquiry, that no accommodation was omitted,
and he should therefore resist the fill.

Mr. HUSKISSON commenced by observing, that the Hon.
Gentleman (Mr. Stanley) had adopted an unusual course in argu-
ing the details of the question on the third reading of the Bill,
when the general principles alone ought to be discussed, after omit-
ting the opportunity of examining in the Committee. With re-
spect to the inconveniencies to individuals which the nil-road might
give rise to, they would not be greater than what might attend on
the CO6OrtieliClll of anv other road. But if it wen true -that the
commerce of Liverpool and Manchester had hicreasell four-fold
within this century; if It was a notorious fact that that increase was
still progressive, was it not obvious that new means for the carriage
of goods between those towns were calculated to promote the public
interest ? liesides,s great portion of the sustenance of that popu-
lous district was drawn from Ireland. Every measure, therethre,
which tended to cheapen and facilitate the carriage of produce must
prove of the greatest advantage to the district in question. He did
not wish to go into details, but as the lion. Gentleman had depre-
cated any interference with the three canals, he would merely say
thatihose canals had made enormous profits. Nor could he con-
ceive how the Hon. Gentleman could fear that the rail-ways should
monopolize the trade, while their charges were stated to be ex-
&Node,.

Arr. STANLEY explained.
Mr. 111:SKISSON said he did not intend to follow the Hon.
Gentleman through his arguments, but he was sure that if the
Rail-way Company charged exorbitantly it could not go on.
When he (JD. Huskisson) had been consulted with respect to
that Bill, he exposed his wish that the Company should limit their
profits to ten per cent. Now he would ask the canal proprietors
who opposed the Bill, whether they would submit to the same li.
mithtion I' (Hear.) Some of those canals were dividing no less
titan 150 per cent., although their Shares were originally at 100
disecunt. If similar success were to attend the rail-ways, hp was
den/mined that the public should have part of the profit. Upon
the principle that the easy transmission of produce aided the deve-
lopment of industry, Ise considered that design as likely to be at.
tended with the most beneficial result, ' • the xdvantages from it to
ItUand were obvious, and the dintinutlon in the price of manufac-
tured goods carried to Liverpool would still farther promote the
export trade of that town. He knew nothing, and cared nothing,
about the speculations of the Railroad Company, but he knew
that if they ever monopolised the whole carrying business, they
must still iimit their profits to 10 per cent, lie would therefore
support the Bill.
Air. PHILIPS said that, although a shareholder in canals, he
should neverthelers feel it a violation of his duty if he were to re-
fuse to submit to any sacrifice which public utility seemed to re.
quire ; but that project appeared to him calculated not to produce
any public benefit, but a great deal of private inconvenience; with
that conviction he should oppose the Bill.
Sir J. NEWPORT supported the Bill ; it would materially
promote the interest of Ireland, and he of general use by raising up
competition in the domestic carrying trade. (Cries of question.)
Captain BRADSHAW thtl.ght that the rail-way was not
likely to attain the ends proposed by the Bill. lia entirely eon.
coned in all that had been said by the Hon. Member fur Stock.
bridge (Mr. Stanley).
The Douse then divided.

Fur the third reading . It I Against it - 41
Majority in favour of the )till . • 48.
Lord STANLEY then mewled that a clause be added, by way
of rider, to the Bill, for the purpose of supplying the deficiencies of
the land-tax.

After a few words from Mr. HUSKISSON, the clause was
agreed to, and the 11111 was :hen passed.
BERKS AND lIANTS CANAL.

Sir T. LETHBRIDGE moved that the Report of the Berk.
shire and Hampshire Canal be brought Jp.
Mr. BA NKES said that a cm of greater or more unjustifiable
invasion or private property had never been brought before the
House. In one instance a grntleman's house was actually divided
from the remainder of his estate, thus rendering the whole almost
useless; therefore he eould not support the Bill.
Mr. C. DUNDAS expressed his intention to support the Bill.
Mr. CA LERAFT said that it was one of the most cruel cases
of encroachment upon ptirate property which ever came before the
House, and one which it would be actually unjust to support,
there being no public advantage to justify it.
Mr. BRIGHT contended that it would facilitate the intereourie
between Bristol and London.

Mr. MA BERlA•contended that there was no public benefit
possible to be derived from the me sure, which could justify such
an invasion of private property.
Mr. Alderman WOOD contended that there was no sort of ne.
eessity for the measure; anti therefore moved, as an aineiidruent,
that the Report be received that day six months.
Mr. T. IVILSON seconded the amendment.
Sir 'P. LETHBRIDGE replied.
After a few words from Mr. Al ILDMAY and Mr. Alderman
THOM NON,
The Douse divided, when there appeared.
For the original motion . Against it - . . 48
Majority in favour of the amendment, 10
'Abe Bill ass consequently lost.
SI9.KIFF OF DURHAM.
Upon our return to the gallery we found
Mr. Secretary PEEL upon his legs, moving for leave to bring in
a Bill fur the purpose of remedying the inconvenience arising to
the administration of justice from the vacancy in the Sec of Dur-
ham, anti to prevent the like in future. It was impossible, he
said, that the office of Sheriff could remain on its present footing.
The Sheriff was hitherto chosen by the Bishop of Durham, and for
the lifetime of that prelate, and therefore, upon the decease nfeach
Bishop, there was a vacancy in the office of Sheriff until the ap.
polotment of his successor. The consequence was that no jurifs
could be summoned, nor indeed could any business connected with
the Courts of Law be carried on during the intervening time. For
his own part he could not see why the gentlemen of the place should
not he called upon to omtribute their share of exertion towards the
administration of justice. lie could not see why the office should
not be annually filled as in other places. Still some immediate
measure was necessary, and he believed there would be to objectit n
to passing the Bill he was about to submit through all its stages
that night. The Right Hon. Dentlemen then moved for leave to
bring in the Bill.

Afters few words from Mr. firenfell and Mr. Ellice,
Mr. HUME said that the revenues of the Bishopric of Durham
were much ton large—(great laughter)—much too large for any
one person. He thought the present a good opportunity of regu-
lating the salary which ought to be attached to the Bishopric, and
be wished to give the Right Hon. Gentleman all the credit of the
reformation. ( Laughter.)
Leave was then given to bring in the bill.
Mr. Secretary PEEL then brought in the hill, the object of
which was, to continue the Sheriff who might hold the office for
six months after the decease of the Bishop by whom he had been
appointed.
The Dill was then read a first and second time, and committed,
and was ordered to be read a third time when engrossed.
CIVIL MS T.
. .

The House having resolved itself into a Committee of the whole
House upon the,Civil List,
The C H A NC ELLOR of the EXCHEQUER rose, and said
that he believed there could be but one opinion as to the situation
which he had then to bring under the cognizance of the ilmise—that
of the President of' the Board of Trade. Every individual who
heard him, he thought, would agree that it was one of the most
important official situations under the Crown, and that if was in-
compatible with its importance to leave it any longer upon its pre-
scut footing. Prior to the year 17110 this branch of the public bu-
sinew was regulated by a Board composed by a number of persons,
all receiving salaries for their trouble. Considering the amazing,
extent of the commerce of this country, it might be well doubted
how far a Board an constituted could ensure a proper discharge of '
the duties which devolved upon it. It was a fact, at all events,
that there were many more menibers than were requisite attrthed
to that Board, That Board. however, dial, or he should rather
say, was violently put to death—tor it fell under the lash cf Mr.
Burkett ridicule—in the year 1782. It was subsequently found that
it was quite impossible to carry on the commerce of the country—
ennunerce as complicated end as intricate as it was extensive— I
without some supttintendance, and in the year 1784 a plan was
devised, by which it was conducted by a Committee formed from
the Privy Council. It was deemed only just that duties so labo-
rious as those of the President and Viee.Preaident of the Board of
'Trade should be adequately remunerated, and as Parliament had
abolished the salaries attached to those offiees, the situations were
usually given to persons holding other situations from which thOy
derived a considerable ernolement. Nothing could be more absurd
than paying a salary forduties so important, in so indirect a manner
as that of conferring, together with that office, another of less im-
portance, to which a salary was attached. (Hear, hear.) It ap-
peared to him to be lit and proper to apply the same principle to
the office of President as land been applied to that of Vice.
President some tire years back, when he (the Chancellor
of the Exchequer) had the honour to fill the situation, however
inadequately he might have done so. Upon that occasion 2.000 f. per
annum was deemed a proper salary for the Vice-President, and the
salary which it was his intention to propose to be attached to the
situation of President was 110001 per annum, This. Ire thought
but a fair remuneration, considering the immense labour of body
and mind requisite for the proper discharge of its ditties, lie *lt
persuaded there was no office whatever, connected with ihe adminis-
traion se the affairs of the country, which rquired such absolute
and constant attention as that of the President of the Board of Trade.
He could not conclude without saying a word or tvo in reference
to the individual in possession of the office. it would be in bad
taste to pass a flourishiog panegyric on his conduct, for It was toil.
vernally admitted that greater zeal, integrity, and intelligence, and
a more firm and resolute determination to discharge the duties of
Ida office, had never before been manifest. It was most gratifying
to hint to have thbropportunity affOrded him for an acknowledge.
!Dent of his Right lion. Friend's merits. it was a source of satis-
faction to all, that the office had fallen into the hands of one so
competent to the discharge of its duties. ( H ear.)
I kb Use motion being put by the Speaker,
Mr. H UM E said he always observed on the other side of the
House a manifestation of readiness to attend to one suggestion for
the increase of expenditure, but the case was far different when any
reduction was proposed. This was almost invariably the case. lie
could scarcely recollect en instance when a reduction of even 100411.
was effected without much opposition and repeated divisions. No
one entertained a higher opinion of the swifts of the individual
referrel to than himself, and he haul no objection to give to him the
salary proposed, aware as he was that there could not be more ini.
portant duties to perhirm than his. He wished, however, to ask
the Hight lion. fientleinan if the individual possessed any other
offices P Whether be did mot receive 210'ONI. u Paymaster of the

Nary ? And whether the Right lion. Gentleman (the Chancellor
of the Exchequer) did not mein to reduce the salaries of the Pay-
muter and of th:! Treasurer of the Navy ? lie thought the lat.
ter might be reduced to 10001. or 11.00/. a year, It being well known
that the duty attached to the latter was so triflirg as to render it
comparatively • sinecure. lie wished the Hight Ilen. Gentleman
had looked more particularly to the Act Ole '22d Geo. 111. e. 112.). to
which he had referred, for it would be found that would be quite
in accordance with the spirit of that Act to do what he (Mnlltune)
desired—appoint a Committee to inquire if many of these offices
had not fallen into disuse, and as sineoures ought not to be abo.
lished. lie had before said that he did not object to the present in-
crease of salary. but he thought it ought to be supplied by the
reduction of other offices whose duties had decreased. lie thought
particularly there might be a reduction in the salary of the
Treasurer.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER Raid, in enswer
to the Hon. Member's question, that the individual in question
held no other office. He was :or a time agent to Ceylon, but he
gave it up on his present appointment. As regarded the office of
Treasurer of the Navy, he did not think the salary was more than
it deserved, supposing its duties discharged by an individual fully
qualified. In one point, however, there would for the future be a
reduction. This officer possessed at present a house at the public
expense. Now, it did not appear to htni that there was any reason
why this should be continued, the nature of these duties being very
different from others which rendered such.an accommodation abets-
lutely necessary. These apartments, in Somerset House, would
henceforward he applicable to other purposes, which wax a matter
worthy of consideration, considering how they were pressed for
room. When the Hon. Member said there was every disposition
to increase, and none to reduce, the expenditure ; he was mistaken
in point of fact, and never more mistaken than on the present oc.
tension, because this office, when put into his (the Chancellor of
the Exchequer's) hands in 1600, had its salary reduced from 4000/.
to 30001. a year. lle could not admit it wax a sinecure, consider.
able responsibility being attached to it. The Treasurer was a pub.
lie accountant; immense sums of money passed through his hands.
and he could make no settlement of his property, because the
Crown had a prior lien on it. The Hon. Member fur Montrose
seemed to think certain offices should be reduced that this might
obtain a fair remuneration : but really he (the Chancellor of the
Exchequer) did not know where those offices were. They could
not cut down those that were efficient, and he knew of note that
were not efficient. The !lon. Member might wish to sot up all the
offices to a sort of Dutch auction, or he was welcome to take a part
of his, if he desired it, but he thought that it was a bad principle
which the Hon. Member would establish, when he said lie would
not give an adequate salary to a man who had it not, unless he
could find some other office the salary of which he could reduce.
Mr. CA LCRA FT said no man valued the services of the indi-
vidual who occupied the situation of President of the Board of
Trade higher than himself. He should have no objection to his
enjoying 50001. a year, but he objected to the way in which it was
to be obtained. He would have him receive 30001. a year an
Treasurer, and 20:t0/. as President of the Board of Trade. It
would be answered that then two offices were not compatible; but
his reply to this was, that the individual possessing them had ex-
ecuted them for some time, and he did not say when offered them
that they were incompatible. He contended that 2000/. ought to
he looked at. when the immense expenditure and pressure were
considered, when they recollected that their expenditure amounted
to between 50 and 60.000,000!. a year. When they considered,
too, that the arrangement proposed would create another office,'
which Ministers wculd have at their disposal,—for there would be
the office of Treasurer to 611 up, there was another reason opposed
to it. The influence of the Crown, though reduced by the
war having ceased, wasetill frightfully large. lle had said nothing
against giving the Right Hon. Gentleman 5,000/. a year ; and he
could go further—he could point out, at this moment several
offices underpaid, and which he could wish to ace better remune-
rated ; but under the present circumstances of the country, he felt
fie ought not to indulge in this way. They might talk of the in-
compatibility of the situations, but fie remembered when a former
Secretary of State (Mr. Dundee) held the office of Treasurer of
the Navy, and also when it was possessed by a Speaker of the House
of Commons. A Hon. Member had referred to the battles they
had to fight toobtain the most minute reductions. But this did
not surprise him, when lie recollected how they must he perplexed
by the application of individuals to fill the different situations. If
this was the case, however, it was the duty of the Ilouse of Com-
mons to step in between tne applicants anti Ministers, and enable
the latter to say their wishes could not be complied with, because
these situations were not in existence.

lir. ROBERTSON thought there was something suspicious in
the support which Members on the other side of the House gave to
the present proposition. The Hon. Member then proceeded to ad-
vert to the Silk Company, of which Mr. A. Baring had become
Director and Trustee; and to infer, from his having obtained a
charter for the Company about the period when he supported an
increase of salary to the President of the Board of Trade, that
there was some improper understanding; and that Mr. A. Baring
was to receive certain benefit from the establishment of his Corn.
pang.
Mr. BARING raid, in reference to the Silk Company, that it
was set on foot last year for the purpose of doing great service, as it
was said, to Ireland. With this view he was induced to put his
name to it. It was a sort of experiment from which he never ex.
peeled any great benefit to be derived by the country. The whole
amount of his contribution was 2001. (hear, hear); anti not only
was this given without any expectation of profit, hut with a con-
viction that none could result. (Hear, hear.) He could not recount
for the Hon. Gentleman supposing that there was something
mysterious lurking behind ; and he might be induced to enter into
a more detailed explanation of his conduct, if he could suppose
the statement was entertained seriously by the House, but he could
not. (Hear, hear.) lie trusted there would be no opposition to
the motion. He objected to sinecures, but the Right Hon. Gentle.
man was entitled to full and ample remuneration for his services.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer said the office of Treasurer was
an efficient office; but if it were so, how could it be performed by
the person who filled it at present. That was a mistaken notion
which ?opposed a high salary should be given because it was a si.
Malian of great responsibility. The private fortune of an indivi-
dual was nothing compared to the millions that must pass through
his hands; and their only security, therefore, was in his integrity,
and in their frequently auditing the accounts.
The CHANCELLOR of the ENT!' F:QUER said, if the lu.
dicrous charges which had been made were to be confined to the
walls of the House they wonld he hardly worth noticing. The
Hon. Member alluded to might have lent his name to this Com-
pany, but he did so without a particle of interest. If it were to
attract all the Indies he could derive no profit from it. Then was
it possible that the profits attached to 20(1/. could induce him to
propose an increase of salary to the President of the Board of !
Trade ? If this required any answer, he would refer to the smile
which was apparent when the charge was made. (Hear, hear.)
The Presidcnry of the Board of Trade was a most important office,
and should possess the undivided attention of an individual. He
did not think it right to distract it by a consciousness of his re.
aponaibility. During the last eight or ten years quite enough had
transpired to disturb his tranquillity. The question now was, was
5,0001. a year too great a salary for the services rendered ? If it
was not too much, it ought to be awi'rded. The question as to the
salary of- the Treasurer was for after consideration.
After a few words from Mr. MARERLY, Mr. BERNAL, and
Mr. G. Plinio's.
111 r. CALCRAFP said, that there would be much dissatis-
faction created—not by the amount proposed—but by the principles
which it endeavoured to establish. By the present arrangement
there would be a new office of 5,0001. a year. Unless the prop°.
sitions were modified as he purposed he must oppose it. The heavy
responsibility had been alluded to; but did they know of any per-
son refusing the office on that account ? er did they know of any
person resigning it ? He had no objection to the deficiency of the
Right Hon. Gentleman's salary being made up front the office of
Treasurer of the Navy ; but lie objected to becoming a party to the
becoming a party to •he placing of 5,0001. a year niece at the dis.
pesal of Ministers. In his opinion, as the duties of the Treasurer.
ship were trifling, 'they might be very well executed by the Pay-
master.

Mr. ROBERTSON replied. After which,
Mr. LOCKHART mile a few observations.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said If the duties
of Treasurer were given to the office of Paymaster, the latter must
become a much more important office than at present, and
1.0001. a-year would be found to be an inadequate remuneration.
If the duties of the situation were transferred to another, • new
office would be established. Though Parliament had voted a
salary of 3000 f. per annum, it was competent for the House to re-
duce that sum afterwards. Any decision on the question which
might be come to at present could not be irrevocable and final.
When the Estimates were under the consideration of the House, a
reduction might be made; but if the salary was reduced because
the office was a useless one, the House, in coming to such a de-
claim upon such grounds, would be doing a great disservice to the
country.
Mr. 0. PHILIPS said a few words, which were inaudible.
Mr. T. WILSON said no one was more anxious than he to do
justice to the talents and the services of the Right Hon. the President
of the Bosrd of Trade. He tlid not, liowevtx, feel it his duty to ac-
quiesce in the vote. All seemed agreed in the propriety of grant.
ing the salary of froool. ; the only difference of opinion which ex.
hated was as to the mode of bestowing that intreased salary. lie
thought, as the question was suffered to pass last year, when the
affairs of the country were in a prosperous situation, and when cir-
eintisranees were mach noire favourable for making such a demand
than in the present state of depression, he could not concur in
the vote which was proposed for adoption.
Mr. CA LCRA FT thought the Chancellor of the Exchequer had
left the question in the condition it was before, unless he conceded
the point that no new office would be established. There was a
great and material difference between increasing the salary of one
officer anti crtating a new office. in granting the salary of WOOL
to the President of the Board of Trade, he went as far as he possi.
bly could v. He would gn so far, but no farther; his mind was
so fully made up on that point, that rather than suffer the question
to go in fts present form, he would vote against the proposed in-
crease.

Alr. HUME could not epee in the aentimenta of the lion.
Member who had last addressed the House. lie could not consent
to have the public money vottsl away, in the present distressed con-
dition of the country. Various epinions were delivered on the
duties of the Treasurer of the Navy ; he was disposed to agree to
the increase of salary, but the Resolution should be so modelled as
to prevent the country from bring burdened with any additional
expense. lie would therefore move, as an amendment. that the
sum of :AWL should be granted to the Right lion. the President
of the Hoard of Trade. but that an inquiry should be instituted,
whether any other dikes might not be abolished or so modified as
that the salaries now paid to persons filling such offices might he
applied to mate up the deficiency in the solar; of the President of

the Board of Trade, so that no additional burden might be imposed
on the public.
Sir F. 03IMANEY thought the question for the House to
consider was whether both offices should be kept distim:t.
Mr. BA RINI: thought the present way of coating to the ques.
tion by no meAns satisfactory. lippontion had been made to the
creation of a new office ; he would therefore suggest that the vote
should be withdrawn fcr the present, when Gentlemen opposite
would have an opportunity of conferring among themselves as to
the manner in which they would bring forward the question on a
future occasion.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, he dould
not consent to the course prouosed by the Hon. Member (Mr.
Hume). If the sum of 50001. was granted, he (Mr. Hume) wished
hint to admit that the sum should be taken from some other guar.
ter. That was an arrangement he could not agree to. If there
were any useless offices they ought to be abolished, but that was a
question quite distinct fmtn the present consideration. if the mat-
ter dud not meet the views of the House they could act as they did
In the Appropriation Act, they might strike out the vote altoge-
ther : or it was competent to propose another sum in the estimates.
It was not an unprecedented or uncommon circumstance for one
Oentleman to hold two situations. The Noble Lord (Bexley)
who had preceded him in office, had held two situations. il'hat
was chiefly objected to last year was, that an individual should be
paid for an inefficient office out of an another office.
Mr. ELLICE said he never rose under more painful feelings
than at that moment. He came down to the House prepared to
vote for the increased sum, as a remuneration for the services of the
Right Honourable Gentleman. No one had ever filled the situation
with more credit: but though he highly appreciated the services of
the President of the Board of Trade, he could not consent to the
vote unless he obtained e pledge from the Right Honourable the
Chancellor of the Exchequer that there should be a reduction in
some other offices. He was sure Mr. Hume would point out some
department where such a redaction could be made with advantage.
Mr. R. SMITH had no objection to vote fur the amendment of
the Hon. Member (Mr. Hume), if the latter natives not an gene-
ral in its operation. Hit was confined to an inquiry relativefto the
department of the Presidency of the Board of Trade, he could have
no objection to the amendment ; and if it was competent for hint
to move an amendment on an amendment, he would move that the
inquiry should be limited to that department.
After a few words from Mr. MABERLY and Mr. SMITH, on
the point f order.
Mr. BRtjGI)EN said that it was not competent for the Hon
Member to move his amendment until the original motion was dis-
posed of.
Mr. lII'ME said that he wished to make tip the deficiency from
useless offices : he wool° not take a part of slut deficiency, but the
whole.

Mr. Secretary PEEL said, that the increase of sahry cf one office
should not depend on the abolition of uselessoffices ; that was a prin.
ciple which should not regulate their conduct in the present instance;
they would hare, however, an opportunity of discussing the ques-
tion on a future occasion.

Mr. HUME said, he had no objection to give 5,0001. as a re-
muneration to the President of the Board of Trade ; out he wished
to obtain some remuneration for that grant from some other offices.
It was true the question could be discussed at a future period ; it
was competent for members of that House at all times to eiIiCIISS
such questions, and to neglect such discussions would be a dere-
liction of duty.
Mr. Secretary PEEL said, the Hon. Member (Mr. Ilume) mis-
understood hint. The principle which his amendment coatained
would apply to 40,0011/. as weil es to 5,015)/. AA he understood his
Right lion. Friend, it was his intention that both offices should be
distinct, ind left the amount of salary to the Treasurer of the
Navy open to luture discussion.
Mr. R. SMITH explained.
Mr. ELLICE paid he would recommend that the motion should
he withdrawn ; he had no objection to the grant of .5,000/. to the
President of the Board of Trade as a salary, provided an inquiry
was instituted as to the expediency of abolishing other offices.
Mr. HUME said, that when the first question was disposed of,
then it would be time enough to consider of withdrawing his
motion.

Mr. BARING thought a question like the present should be
discussed in a full House. The creation of a new office was a
subject worth the consideration of the House. Be could not con.
sent to establish a rambling inquiry to find out the 5,000/. pro.
posed.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCIIF.QUF.R said he thought
the Committee had nothing to do with any other specific office. If
it W F:3 the wish of the House that the question should be post-
poned to to-morrow, he had no objection. Ile could not see why
the office of the Treasurer of the Navy was so closely joined to the
Board of Trade that they could not vote any thing relative to the
one distinct from the other. With respect to the reduction of
offices, various opitiions would prevail ; one Member would be
for reducing one, and another Member for reducing some other.
Those who preceded him in office had held the situation of Trea-
surer of the Navy at a higher salary.
After a lea, words from Mr. H. SMITH, permission was given
to report progress, with leave to sit again. The further discussion
of the question stands for to-morrow.
STAMP DUTIES ACTS.
On the motion of Mr. HERRIES, the House resolved itself into
a Committee on the Stamp Duties Acts.
Mr. HUM E said that be had received several statements front
Ireland. complaining of the grossest oppression with regard to the
stamp duties. He objected to the Committee, until he had in-
formation of what statutes it was intended to have re-enacied.

The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said that it
would have been better to have stated what the Acts in question
were, by which means the House would know what the Acts were
which it was proposed to repeal. It was an omission which In fu-
ture should be avoided anti he hoped, with that explanation, the
Hon Member would not persevere in his opposition.
Various resolutions were then proposed and agreed to, and the
Ilous: resumed.
ANNUAL. DUTIES BILL.
The Annual Duties Bill was read a third time and passed.
EXCISE DUTIES COLLECTION ACTS.

Mr. HERR lES having proposed to postpone his motion relative
to the Excise Duties Collection Acts,
Mr. HUME asked if he intended to bring forward the Bill for
Consolidating all the Laws respecting the Excise to which be stood
pledged.
Mr. BERRIES replied that he could not bring forward that
Bill this session. He hoped, however, the postponement would be
advantageous, as next session he would bring forward that Bill
in a more perfect form than he could have done at present.
The motion was then postponed to Monday next.
On the motion of the ArfOItNEICOENERAL, the Insolvent
Debtors• Bills was recommitted.

After ■ few observations from 111 r. LOCKHART, the several
amendments were agreed to, and the Report ordered to be brought
up to-morrow. (this day).
The other Orders of the Day were then disposed of, and the
!louse adjourned at half-past 10 o'clock.
