'Sg.t.

V.%

. .. ile i.... • .
. . it' • .;.- iii - • I. -itte . ' t ri.
the cheer. of the meeting, by stating, that after ! greeted by the Meeting. ..e stated. lI—I was
his Ham Cole erldreseed thens.theeellesffißO{ drooled by die rampectebleborly of gentlemen who gir to , preen t same lii of Cum-
' t. flie ?Make
.4 Ms Slit
who was devoted to propose the Revololissis Weald had cootimara the limitary ~b."6"'', .j this itil elven. to Ow ISi is- '
perform hi. leak:- '
Mr. GROS'S LAMB then came forwentl. ind-- omreeting, to propose for their consider* riaw a series , Laumpagss
_Oster we to femme diagsatatrof
Resolations which had been
.peepiral rite the Blabs gembeerfor teem • •
web riceived with.-mtery lobes af iinpalm reepert. occasion. They mold soon hear. then, formally 11'
ntothrthecopriaerli:reihito.rrinemmolarese
„IA eft the4l4t..
He commenced by stating, that though he Must rend, sod if adopted, they would then later prevent.
Ltp
!rally feel the highest gratification at meeting ed fir their adoption ii Petition founded two!
ImMeroui end respectable • blot! of his consti. them. He coticorred in ni li ll into with sir of their Lord ALTSIORIS' r 10 retarga :hanks for himself sod his
frieolla elm tiorrottarted him, fir ••
them in the last Regulation. • '''"
' tarots as he had now the honour of odder-ming. he I Iliii. Representatives (11r. Lamb). that this was mum esmarresee in of
l_y_trt on this occasion felt himself dr-premed with the I I kely to he the list time they would have an op. dim being the person
t.ipeat melancholy, from the convlction that this peninnity of meeting a. treemen. ifiroleillucifiwiams - tr. ..Llf--.4tr tit, *-
wss likely to he the last time they could meet to- I ton or th.ii, ancient and isromentrarml censtitettuse.---
~,,,„--„:. 414.1' "i'fi'"
griller mishark led by the arbitrary limits( oitri Wear. henr.)—lt became ilye.strem:body whom Its 1,44,,i„, of th,
despotic retn,r*tiotis oftließills now before Pubs. had now the honour to aildrem, to give the.. kw lily hidanother reamers
ment.—(Hear, kear, keoe.)-rlle felt within iiim their conduct this slay tio the base soil toolisli sti7 Ismaciiie Aril tone .
it CiteettllC,etertntili the only one indeed, he conld sin 'lions which had been levelled et them be their jig "... twheir
smnr.P.llol.n
feel so cold a day as this—,( (asfir'liter) —at knowing enemies. and made the pretext for the intrndrin," t=lartr" n4e.:.ll—(e 'Crier
that liie sentiment. on the present (megaton were in of otemeires as wicked as they were uncrin.titutionel. I nen sock would he their I
unisori,,as he trusted they ever would be, with those Let this great assemblage strew thin they were not I ..e,i, their ineetthige .w, parochial
of his ionotitorot..—(4pplurse).-He fell with his the sourer of any commotiou or disorder. 101 l , they nosy perhaps, by. vefferame, meet as they now
worthy colleague the difficulty of speaking es hi. them rebut the resistless chspge, and sheer that the ._ . but they. ilit'i_ Pot awl.
s.oli.
If.iarct-thelfetowould be a mill
ckooes
heed would prompt him on, the pretreat occasion. disorder in reality originated is, the brains of the la for now to
say .„' "
MU . ce upon Mi‘nisateurys to the
If he, used strong language—and what other could despreic framers of the perteitt ; thee the people Hesse of Cameros; bet Midst lie-entertained this im
be used ?—his act thiy be made the pretext of in. were the., rro..odo or order, and the framers of Atli :*.o, be hod the•stroogeslohje•lion- to the iiiiended Iterada.
t;re roil*, es against the-people, eves. the excessive pretext the only advocates fot aiierrhy end coutiosimi.. lino, recommesiding the O. ppusitioe to a solidus* from an as-
coercion Jr; the de to e norasiiie before l'ar(ia. The frte of the pen* v,,d., k„,,,„,,,,.. n0wi.„,,t.....1. seseslimire wpm" their Parhameatasy doilies. He did not think
tirlsi
utetit....e mmistne es delesfohle its its premiums Gait and it only reineicied for thesis in fall decently mi. it
was in its osigiri,,dhich the knit* knees was a trim* tier the blow. Pull, however, leaving a record.l
lion of all isqiefry to justify the necessity of inissf. their opinions. which, though it wriiilil taut• pug
duchig impost+ Memmae at all.—(4ppirsese )-111, I them from their 'tleatiny, would at least preemie
people . frog& one end of the cottony to the other sornethitit; of their character for balmier times, or
were ,filled:orith indigelatioo at seeing Ministers faiiit her countrtes.-14.Pplanse );--11' ken the pen-
reject ell bigotry whinenever into the parficulls of -Oudeinarided-am answer fur the outrages 'fillintilielf
the shocking thump Si Manchester, ter cal" Niset Manchester. they were told they were ili-entitlrd
jot and irritated feelings of the nation...A.ip.. •twoioify, .Cor ,disc, they bad theiserfives -hretilabW
pixarse,j—Wliat had sot beets the attempts pf Ms. SP bat riot it the Government,
musters to white.wesh the parties at Manciseitei? lio ought. Is.
' Wa it deeeateein IP thasibitho were eiglimird to looKlil !) Ilse
- be.proteetelbp ouch a lioe of conduct, b. the Ince They were
of the emantry.to refose.oe inquiry called for. as .re in a %tete
that inqattry rasiveisally was ? The man ;most either vri thee
be:a bigot or •-•laste who did not, fmm the seta of nix ten l i 11l I.-
Inissieeera, infer 4hot they knew the ralob of on ilia 1100 a over the
quiry cowls, .rot. lead., to their. or She Mogi*. the fire was ill
which consumed
teases' justilleatioss.—(elpplawm.)--flo had fe--I.lfa-
now intruding
is usistgetian for the ibligisitiates.•-theic state of, sus foroisb sof.
=high hood alarm oil thelforticular oecaMorsi • Rat Aerialip —T"
tomes so shaken Martyry, ure fi t rue theitislii+.' of reform, tow
1111 Ades they 'come with . • rearenrod onolliereopmee; shed of Ministers
to Clierroment.mod stated that whist Sher bed &de; They were not
w praying per.
.wssirs. en emergency of.despair or of ailierfasunik held as their
fear, and +therefore thhy hoped ter asittimieviel pdael sled to—the
tection, what mold be thought of that Government: airirla—the fell
which should say. " Oh no ! you must not defelid• those advantages
yourselves on that ground ;we shell thank you lint sod which
hitherto proonfeentsaguisoro ten kisarriens frontran'
ob med.,_
the spur of the occasion. and give you a character, • ok-wafriais -.tit* Confluent. 'flitnieb fruitkis, he fear.
for promptness and forbearance."—(/leer, heao./) I earn off the' pain' sod
—lle had expressed in his place in Parliaineut who' Parliament, yet still it
he was glad to repeat here—.his indignation at tbe meet for
U.
put,
conduct of Miiiisterr.—(Appfirese.)—He did nut fur e repeal
i•lereals. Fur the
mean. after.the eloquent speeds of his worthy Col. they had received
league, to enumerate the progress of the Bill before great grains and
Parliament. There was a story somewhere toll of Mr. Barites writ.
a miserable captive who occupied himself in count.
Lunt said, would
Yrs, indeed, it
ing over the links of the chains which.bound Inns. 'r. Berke, as tune
He hoped that the people of Erie:aid were nut ree ,se fall of men of
duced to the sad necessity of adminiltering to them i was said, were
velem such a melaticholysonsolation. Though thri of Goverment,.
chains were preparing for them, the bolt was nut misted, that the
a the people.—
yet quite rieetted upon them. and he hoped they; sr peopk had re.
had vigour enough left to prevent the gaoler from er•Geuerst and the
locking it....(Applanse.)—lt was said its the discus. (Miters of bad sot drawn the
sword, hid 'distill the pea, wane was sharper against the
shun which took place in Parliament respecting
those Bills, that careful provision was made to itittai":',:ithea'Peothrtei, 8" hr lipid l'o'ird 117 wowid ""1 he
secure to the people the privilege of free discussion. gate baud of re ',rob? lusisly:rs..—(Appini;rotye a)
—Tiny ought
He hoped the people felt extremely grateful for this to bear is mind the 'answer given by Ilse honest quaker to
tender are ;it was quite as liberal and considerate James 11. who said, " Your Majesty won't be able to do
as that of the man who put a gag into the mouth of all sisal you contemplate effecting, hy all your red guards,
another, sod then i4lO him he was at ►perfect liberty or all
rallijoylodiourutelackw.easuaroinhe."—.4.(iflozd jheotigthhofeuriii.—,
wNitilbw
the
to say whatever he liked.—(Load laughter and (h r.
Samuel (Sir F. Borden), that the red guards
applause ) —The Minister, eared not for the people. were not half so dangerous as the black guard., is. long
They came not among them to propose or Justify robes and white wigs—(e lrsugk.)—There were of (mum
their measures. If they did, they would not find exception to this general ceioure upon the geollemeo of the
themselves met without doors as the people were 111:1`g rosbfa;u7ed.hretwhiaisrri'r's tuenn'at:,l4termrinibeemhhalx.f of .nth
within, by predetermined majorities, just able stn lerwilyaLred such liberal sniternsisly matiments..—"(Apploom.)—.
the show of debate to throw aliiii and feeble cloak The proceedings of this day would evince to Ministers that
Over their own violent purposes.—(Applasese.).... the people of IVestminster retained something at kast of
He invited the Ministers to come befine the people, the 'tiadraloary
where they would get an impartial hearing. if
they refused the call, let them at least iii future,
abstain from charging the people with being guilty
of violence and partiality, whets they were merely
engaged in making a stand fur the preservation of
British • independence.-.4etppbmse.)--It was im-
possible for Ministers to have omitted attacking the
liberty of the Press on the present occasion. l'hey
had been told that the law in this respect must be
altered, that since the acquittal of Mr. Hone it
was hopeless to obtain conviction for a libel. So
that the conscientious verdict of a Jury, instead of
being considered the best safeguard of the law. is
to be made the pretext fur its change. In Mr.
House's care. the Jury thought, end he concurred
in their 'pinion, that the imputed libel wall a mere
political squib, a mere joke, and written after the
example Of many others of a similar description.
wfiere the Scriptures were parodied without any
bloophemints lotention whatever in the mind of the
publisher. When Mr. Hone wits therefore acquit.
ted, the Attorney-General, not the Jury, was to he
blamed, for having instituted a prosecution, which
'he ought to have known was untenable. Not.
withstanding the gloomy aspect of the present times.
he looked forward to the adoption of better measures,
and therefore conjured the people not to despair;
on their Armness and patience lie rested his hope.
of better (lines. The voice of the people was never
without its sreWit,lltough sninetinies not to the ex-
tent that was diiirable. If it were riot for the firm
expression of the" Oldie voice, the Alinisters. lie bad
no doubt, would, on the present occasion. in addi-
tion to their other measure., ',impend the Habeas
Corpus Act.—(Cris of ~ We know it.”)—The
sensation occasitsued by such • step on the former
occasion, leteried them from attempting it now.
Ministers knew they due not propose such • writ.
eare.—(Appluese.)—He coucluded by hoping that
when the Bills tam Fending should hare passed
isilo a law, nu man no England would go to bed
without recollecting the restrictions with which lie
was fettered, er without expressing • fixed and unal-
terable determination to onsit no opportunity of
striving to get rid at the earliest possible time of
such blots upon the constitutional rights and liber-
ties of the people, as these Bills must be looked
arm by every impartial luau iu the community.--•
(Otero.)
Mr. HOBitotse came forward and was loudly

complimented the timelier aro* thi p.tience andfteteutioe
with which they had beard him. " Your cundat," said be,
" gives the lie to the calisonnies of f fanatics,, who asrlel
that you will Notre to nobody with' reason or patience:
(.4 pplatire )—He lamesited. in the most poiatei term, thy
iinproding restrictions upon public meeting; -itch he Pem-
pidered uliconstetutimonl is the extreme, and subversive of
the public liberties Odic people, to which he avoteed lifer
voted and iii4liesiable ao barbecue —(Cheers.)
On the pioroosal 'dike following Resolution,
11 Thos notwithstanding this Meeting is by no mine'
toncrateful fur, or Insensible of, the exertions made by those
Members '4.r bulb Houses of Parliament who have opposed
tbrolespotic Bills now in progrego, yet it thinks itself suletegy.
ly called upon to recontaimod all those Members, iu tee
the said Rills should pan, to withdraw their sitentlapre#
Parliament; a measure which, in the upiiiitou of this
log, will greatly tend to dissipate all remaining delusion cob.
"paling the coniureetion of the House of Commons, god
also respecting any good to be derived by the Public fm4
any further efforts is that Aseembly.
Mr. STURCII rose, and strongly objeeted to it. Ho p 44,
when it was mentioned in the Committee Ruotnshpfi he
Meeting assembled, it was so generally condemned
Gentlemen present, that the Regulation was VI.
was now, then, utterly astonished he had it wait.
after what had already oceurrerl. The wortioljjandenian
pointed 1.111 the inspoliey of the Resolution at suchaerisipas
the pment,aud facility dwelt on the iocalerlobleedvinsanoy
.tohieh seemed to the empire at large from the publientioßuf
the debates in Parliament. The people in this quarter coo
%vivid political beformation, which in no other way could
they so emorolitioagly or effectively acquire, and while they
'outboard to possess it, he Aught despair of the liter.
ties of Lis couistry. He farther said, that after Mr. Fox told
his frienda load, on a runner occasion, seceded from Poplin-
merit, they became oeurvioas of their error, and resumed
'their public duties.—(Hear, hear, and partienfarly from
Major Cartwright.)
Ow the mama •oof Lard ALTKORP, the objectionable
Resolution was thew withdrawn.
Mr. Duvet all Rlialiatao, in proposing_ the following
Resolution, took occasion' to allude to the impendieg prose.
coition instituted by the Attorney General against Sir F.
Burdett, for his letter on the Manchester husiuess. lia the
worthy Baronet the people of Westminster had a man who,
in his own person, united the talents necessary fur one capa-
ble of advocating their rights, with the courage and peter
veraoce sn emeolial for defeading them. If that proseentiou
were successful, and the Hon. Baronet imprisoned in the
result, the day of the expiration of his 'comer would be
day of public ceremony. The hearts, as well as the bodies of
the people, would move to the particular spot,aad not all the
Bills to prevent public meetings, however they may be Mal-
tipheil—not all the soldiers, were they increased ten times
ten thousand to the standing army, world prevent the pim-
ple of England on that day moving onwards so salons the
champion of their rights and the martyr of Huedullt.-
-(Lousl cheers.)—He concluded by proposing the fulls, lag
Resolution, which wastarried by acclamation
IL That this Meeting consider their Thanks, nod those
. .
their Thanks
Burdett, fur

Addrert,
Prosecatiiin
(the vindictive
411,1 consider that
attachment of the
Itrpreseutative.
. .

I.lllll+
Oppregi ; —•
Seal estate.,
, say etas.
whatsoever,
lake
Coos.
satrosh,

. considerable
appearance of

etas who
• . . etmemieribed
1 . Let as die
,4 , Anist sake slave, , espies le, it
items*, • Of. the persons who had just before
toms • it Id incest'. Their reception by the
Mellish WiMber:rery istrittsg. (04 the flag was
toe &oil diteiliiii Some reduced to iibbasuls.
lii the otesibetiel by•thiii imterruption, it was
lespmesible ti with airesetey bow Major Cartwright's Re.
minelime was diapoord alp, chew of hands, for They were
haM op at 'Mb ables4Vi, .
. any appeumeee of diseriesi-
,
saline.
Tbe bratatee at Ilerdify Wag at this time (four o'clock)
goer threogh.tbe tbileffies itemoistivis was peeled :-
13. That the Obi; Meeting be given to. Arthur
Morris, Esq. High glee his readier., is calling the
present meetings pd his impartial melee' is the Chair
this day.
And the wain theriAtiadasted with three Ames:

. rights►
g. That the law wow prop; sed to take away the right of
Tratersingfrow the Defend:oats is elms of Miidraersoair. is
also cowing to the free spirit of the Cocial.tutiow,ard to the
C• 111101411 law of the lasd.

7. 71st the law sow parsed N piatreof D•191og sad
Traisiag is called Ow br No eslobbabsillidasoad wads twig
to 'acreage the getters' feriae., awl sallassed alum
11. That the demands of the peaght of Ilsghtodihr a Re-
tiwro iw the Coatampaa•Moispeab reribultsek tshhdt have
show, is the 111011a01. OU I alkitinimpr hem lbs ease ofr
aid the Amor SAN the propowtelthelegtgtataasusr ere jest
Jeasautels, wed that without a doe Reboot in the Costateao
House the peeper esolidemee kisser the gummier§ sad the
governed sever ewe be restored.
9. Thai a Militias, foatidrd us the shove Resolailaos, is
perpared, sad that oar iterstestative, Sir hank Ilemilto,
, ,;

.

.

§.lif 711)1 *SIX ,BEAT/Na..
Notice hovint Urea given of • meeting to pe,
titian against the impending Bills. it took ploy
nceorilingly yesterday. A waggon was wheeled to
the eastern .tile of the ntirketsploce at 1.2
At one n crotch arrived, in which were Mr. lloor,
and 11e. Lewis, late of Coventry. They sere
re. the hitter
inscriotiotis,
Ihr houses,
was filled with.

hilt:yr:Pei lisigriilitlit,‘ejlts
w;iiloilefilel 11:1111:1‘41,11:::'
Being op.
ii ..
•itlitY.- ',iiig-lit ever" hire it inlcntkeheekeirern
, he li.a readily come forward, according to
Ape desire. The purpose of the meeting was to
ft
petition the Prince Regent not to pain the Bill.
14 abridging the subject's liberty, which then were
in progress through the P.irliament. He felt thus
het:unlit not refuse theapplication which the re.
quisilionists had made to him. to assist, with his
humble . eifortr. their pittiotic endeavours, while
yet there was any chalice left. His first advice
then was. to see the present Lord Mayor.—
They did tn, and met with very differ's' hermetic
from thee which was experienced from the late one;
they were treated not ally with civility but kind-
ness, although the present Lord Mayor differed
from them essentially in politics. He behaved to
$' em, however, in a mamier becoming the dignity
of a Chief Magistrate, and from his conversation,
he (Mr. Hunt) hail no hesitation in assuring them
that the meeting was in no danger of being niter-
ropted as the Manchester meeting bad heel', under
a pretence of keepiiig the peace. bat in reality to
give as opportunity for the military to flesh in sod
cut the people down and mariner, them. It would
lee all 1140110 request them to keep the peace ;he
knew that every one a them would be anxious to
assist the civil power in preserving it. if die 'new
laws should he passed, they met there for the last
tens.--(Cries .f 14 No, sso.")—ln the honest fret.
IWO of their hearts they might cry out, No, Ina
iiirleaPpily he should soon convince them by read.
ing a few, words front the new Bill *picot
what were ealltd seditious meetings. that it would
be imporsible after the passing of the Bills for
Cum to meet without being liable to be put to
death by the military; and the lows were so kilned.
as to take away all hopes of redress, the noteisfratto„
constables, military. all mei linguine stho shOtria
be engaged. is is diaperrisg sit illegal meeting.
whatever injuries they ssight inflict, or who've+
hers'imight tie lost, were fret fawn' any responsibility
whstsoever.—ttle read the clatter to that effect its
the new Bill.l--14solstintie mar a petition to the
Prince Itegeut would be. sttbsuitted, to whit\ he
claimed sheterdteution, and of for no; who might
offer to address them, slid happened at the saws
time to differ from them, Heins seemed to
senile on them; a doer day never wise seen for the
time of she year; be hoped the Regent weeld be as
kind to them as the heavens. tie would do. as he
had always done, the best in his power for the liher.
ties of hi. countrymen. content's* himself with that
highest of all honours, their caucus sod appro.
b.tio.i.
Nlr. Lewis. late of Coventry, stepped forwent
to propose the Resolutioho. It world not be utter.
airy fur him to trespass long en their attention to
prove that the new Bilk would be totally sub-
versive of the English Constitution. After the elo.
corm speech of their Chairman, which they had so
warmly received, he would not attempt to arcue the
cure further; for they were not met there to olelibe•
rate, but to protest against the new Acts of tyranny
with one ham' and one heart. It was, besides, w
e.ld day, and however warm their feelings lor the
cause of their ettuotsy, it would he iiictinvenieut for
them to listen to long speeches. A great deal of
nonsense had been poured forth against itinerant
reformers forgoing from place to place to propagate
their doctrine,. It seemed to be forgotten that the
gre.test of reformers, whose name could scot be
mentioned without the most sod FaCieuree—
whose commission was from God himself—did
not confine his efforts to one town, one eoun-
• I try. or one empire, but had the world for his
theatre, end fur h,, auditors the whole family
similar
of mankiiid. There would be some reason to emu-
pluiti of the itineraucy of poliiicians, if the [politics
p,;,:„ln t-ha
t-,, of oile perish had no relation to those of another, or
speeclic in if the measures of Goverment had a different in-
o. be felt fluence in different parts of the kingdom. But
tier:lending 11'4 whertver slavery was to be found. the advocate of
itteth="7:76l 'libeity ought to be at baud. Ile would make a
mill ei.j.i,e, ion. . few:oboervatioos on the new Bill., which, especially
' `f. .ht the people in the country, would prove most op.
iiiioder. some tiressive; not merely in the abstract, bet to the eel.
41torahnionalke dent danger of their lives. The Bill for depriving
wim1111,_,I11110"ce them of arms for self-defence would subject them
...‘l'amui 16 time 1.1 * danger of immediate and absolute violence.
be.4la ii, a.,,, be. At Coventry, for instance, he I ' serf had disples-
, sured the Corporation by exposing some villain.es
..rower in their mmissgemea. Nothing.but the possewitni
--spassetion f of arms fur his defence could insure him from the
feCibe ProPle's insolence nod violence of the constables. In Leo-

dues the laws would be generally put in force agsiiiit
any person committing violence; but in the cows.
by so min,wigitoale_plecorn the ruffiauly local au-
thorities IA I phseetbauder their toia. The liberty.
of the press*, as it regaktesi the liberal country news-
papers, would be at an end, the papers themselves
must he stopt. The new law required securities
for ally tine which might be levied ou cm's/seism's
fur libel. in the country they were sass of a ci.u.
victims in soy case of libel. flow could any 1111111
u.k his friend to uudertake suclierattelt?' • ireukint;
at the stale then into whicli *to grAistiry was fall-
ing, might they not esela4;jtinto gliawitag lan-
guage of a Rarbauld—
* Is this the tisr-fered spot of cowls
That gore th' inksestal Sesta" broth?
Ls this the laud where Haisipass bled,
Where Hentsten's tyrret lust his Wail?
Is this the isolated groomed
Fur leer of fesidess seals reoewa'sl?
Fur anew who kit as mess slainkl Aral,
Afueluistsessawbltiougra:rfeteish' av
latN"ala
aterell%swgesul eel ,
11411,41 the red smut war, sad spuris'il sb• oppressor's
laws r.
Ho was pruisdeliabower. to answer Yes; it was the
Ipud for wee olloolloos souls reDowoesl. But with.

• prailent emommendaisust.—(A voice he the crewed
owl "we %ewe wnaflefewreinSAnt flor,e") —The No,
hi. Lord Immersed Orip !rota of else nbeervation made by the
worthy pereou in the revolt; but still e.oirscriiird that is eintill
be impolitic to leave lemmas to pursue. nooppuerd, the full
leapt,* of their own career. The Grath-men wish whom
he
acted in Kclieneent knew they eowld iti, litlld in the trey
or ilflaafht friiii4ieg tit measure.lllle;istere within the
r:l4r "rope ).; , 4 nothing to proclaim their
hostility i in and lAru4Rb Ilw Honer, by
she medium of the public prer, to ilw country et large'—
(lNv.:-9'he
Lori attirlited 11w struogert import-
ance io the pehlication of 'the rarfienwniery de‘atet, and

aiggresonrs. So that in fact it was the ti
I the Allagistrat and the tiddlers whit
1.40 'Vr;r end ilf;t (Olt. tonli:lo the
poopir4 r 41.4 appiders)--.
Attady • Mimi their minds that wee
letemittioet,. and that those by
were told so artrettintie.in Feld pain. TI
=Wen cif the Wretches who it
and said that II
the fists whit
• btu VA.-1 tills that were nor
, dried. Did stn.,' mu
lbiettilittlitatie • Ifillamitirtion?--(lle,re,
' to' ',Minitel to promote any plan u
itioary thing new. All they asked
V s' fittnirtecd to keep *het watt old. T
that which others bit only
to retain that which tie ores they had
'own. They only claiatCd whit they were rah
' fell poonesoisto of the 'Heiken of Marna Chi
enjoyawaiiif (N 1141016, mid of all thou
which' Their aisceincirs had provid,tl for them

,
i. 2 to. •Nohni then, attempts now to wain of
• IrOlikief• if the WI DOW in Parham
iiight- Inexnedieirt iloat sloe people 'honk, I
Par of pleasing and reiterating thel; deem
of hobnailed to itiebtersiee of 1186; best 'in
piietlekee Whidlo they heretiofeed eiOuyeal, i
'trine • Lail Gitovilie the latigiagit 'dr s g
• onateanitno, as unleveled Is a rain is I
ins% which the Noble sod diatietignio.bed L
glii ininourtality to the suitesea name.
would giveintinortodity in the same of Mt
se apelitaity
_wionteil i'plegedient to whew ti
gtert.bilititio=ttratiee The people, it
• Noinift .. Omit ibeinstitutioce
i 1 'dtnthe iltie,lonociair ihe roorary, is
.liithitil vs, irir diairu by . the uppresoors II
(Appfasse.)—Mrlon- lofil • the enrotnirs of the
foiled conciliation !--(Meat )—Thr Solicitor
Law ()Iletyl of the Crown, !hough they hi
. . .

their ascient spirit—they would shew she utter itaadmptacy 1 12. That this frlectiog consider their Thanks, and I
of the existing Representation of she people, 4i it was I of the whole Grantry, to be justly due, soil their Tb
called. One or their Resolutions, after thanks the miuo. I ere hereby most cordially given to Sir Fraud: Burdett,
runes in both Booms of Parliament, rees. delitheir re- i his mealy and constitutional speech spun the late Add
heisting from any farther attendance 01 1211FfirMiiderg pad that this Meetiog do regard the State Prorect
passed, as their further opposition' 414 IllitiothitiVut now pealing over hum, as soother evidence of the moth
44,
Government most be useless, suet" OW fend nalitry I. uted uticoustigurnapal esigas of Ministers, mid cosiaider
on the dekko*. •Is tole • *aka sling' at i it should he slit OlidiAtofat motive for the attoelmtelit oi
Parliament balltdessitha thilunsilleti hesrod, Siectoes sit llfeemminster to their worthy Itepreseutativi
sodas he lisami; it-bre :4w typttly; ltd Ibe whe be lie Fm&sgte Aimmes.l2 byway retorted shvole.
liable to i obis leilbaitmemeldetieltri. On 'Le motion of Km WISMART, a Restitution in sit
bag a paper in liistr phodiggimbeltitmplasillpelittep...t. • terms of etimplimeetl‘feibis speed' in Parliiment or
A laugh. wad* embihreefalertent simpthiageslim Seditious Mesibrigi R2l, was also unanimously passe
iii • 'leirlfismosit 4••••antiffelpet *lob Ibepioj le. Mr. LAMS, whit selmowledged it in a short spree
Se Slii 4issitaliese Ma Awing Ituillett Illwir -1. which he.imith,oitifitili lin *alarm the
.grrificatiost be
iflrete;ol/1# appletilmiwarbi binetliflllaillrimith them .at sits wit, .4::thji, iiesolistitio. feeelllinendintl
asimennignill "macwinti
lIISISOMMIN:MIeabsigIa.O64O66I6 IldWitissiskteS a' hel.
~thily. Fiti-kiiptaffs. slid thai what
,he leadsh In
e epodlgib ' e/ifebesietitiegra. :service of kis ootitoemta, *el moildstill Aid lsint
pored. tßar42•Parwisg ' :tlkn ' Wyse Iva. Steer to be.—(C/upers.)
,
variation James* idslitheselsl llO4l, pet *lb - Major Caweweem er
rate*
o',..me
ort;tilesst•-•••••sw i•• •,04 "'"'" ---,
!- "''''' ' ; prelkiwy remarks, proposed the tellowimgallembeitiem
The Illedstrsts prfiseipio of whieitchsteei4 Isid himmilalg &Wine* /NI
speed N. - st,;,--4i u.lo 10 irafts triM ..rni, 1 V .I'4/ •
. bon of that hog amd 'must essioeot (timid to llte.fmist
i1"4"nrIIII.IiiIIiI414i• 011is17
1. Tbehilimelimeepilimmied4ll4l/ piosipi - bap, the Ste 1111r.Ossavide libarpe. 'Pie Itiltrfekiii
1" 1•1114/41114111.111111141411 Isiegess. um; 4.000,6, aim severely amigos* tbe,pearrishmts of ' die iiis nos
late li oommemiiim • rt.."... pp. 4,4,,... (doe leartimmene...His Remiletiow los scestlemee,y& •
awl impolitic, and evidently • ; • -•-. •
, . Tome Notwit.titholosch "It 111 to .t
of his 1.4.617.8 311.1"11/(411411/11416111. • • 1110 Mid 'majesty to the Naha's) being still may sniqmpipti
sword for the hommientiolefeamll94llll4llli44 ' 'WU!
ancient government/lota** 100111102,15 ii: 6' 4..- .""' e- •le fielli the "6111'1511 1111/"IIMIi•-• 11:42011112feirthe pet
2.1%m the it lhiNaddaille 'Ott ifi' dott If lit ;--• erotism fsr.their.serticels-2 OOP for
pester is sn evidesteratlimptlitlifillars••" ''...1 trolling msgistriey, that it shall nut ae,magoiam 'Friel
3. That the leer stew sod a ellsanmils foe mire.ef &be (ommaisites polities! el
smoblies, is also lupe',/,' be-4We ,' , ''' Ie ' .ilt• liftrfoilt litleill' holmosilies *Ms Imam' oaf
teary to the free Coeseiltedggemtilimmi.ool22l. .I.w/et . in. "1"blf fiff"."'" '''f ss 0,1 Mimes whilso
4. That the kw • . , rfarlioppent•sbimailienestsamsey emihnirity, to
Press is anther- • -sts..r•-•••1041iep . assey.from lei -direeepini elm asemeigis Maims) its fire
opposition to the. • --"t'rk 'f' ''' 711111.1141 -
..., ,tti, oategrredlilieetimwrilber fur ever, ea fur a 1311
tiums-and ant Abu sr' - • • AI, • esamtp *•.
ll- . •. .. .
met fur libel is n --"'";
Mill of Rights.' • c . .., .l• , , . 'lrristin• ia the crowd by the appears..
6. That the Ism stow Frisians'& (or the search foe awl sent-
leg of arms by day oe-by night, is also against the sekuow. -ealuirritiedlibtflailalestig, ommtlyialta willPirliereredisecribedie. etffiChjwrioiDrdKit, a"
Leantlim
ledeed_righta of English subjects. OK I•Pft *OillMiiiiitilio4l Jake slaves. This covoicm
. -. .. - _ seemed. eiresa • .14• the persons who bad _lint Is

vS
rsou'in4l:4ltrioh,n:.:erihe'rorN:l4:•.4l.6l:fllf"ankt-lin'l-ceYl/"',
4.7"it°lnnirsta.. limiligialli";ttrrrtn brae ::t;:istse4":"lberls"rarYtie i
MOM who moved for the logniry in the 1 The 71101! VAC, between the pens and
eoe,-tote felt Nowell' llownweitktiii. , . etvloee, was
of Westminster were rqwwll, , mows , c 10,,..,,, ArpoTik,
poop ie.
. .
fit !jells sli ""I"..mrtiat. 6,5 I AU/. •firtT rig Ashen the Chair,
arm, eimetoments.—( • •
N Vor wisitiatriolselbres ! hr felt WuWtatof Atotilkettat seeing so
se be bad eWr bad the tomoireat oinitietwtiodee, irmlfir..wwctlnottoteee mu opt
Ile. and he wished mach that hrsktiald 41,00H 64 i lir . peirig 'tweeted to hug
e their fetetbrelime after three "6 in''' , riiv or Leuaou to help • them in "week'
,ly Si, be the Ow olkerelley too* Nisbet power to Won, rieeh a crowd again.
Ceteeef"ite")—Hwirtw•heitwiumm4" plied to hy ot) reepeetohlit hou
*iv •wertwito be restsirted in parsehiot i .
