- • I ‘ •

dispossess that Peer of swather strong hohi of cor-
ruption, though, if even unsuccessful, he should
consider in such a cause defeat was
phase )—lle linnet) VV,elitininster was now firmly
re:wised, aud thought nothing was yet dune until
Sir Francis should be five thousand votes a-head of
all the Candidates; fur he had
.end should have
wattling to do with any other Candidate's election.
Who ought to share popular favour iu West-
minster with Sir Francisilortlett. the tried friend of
Reform? His (liaise was as different from that of
any others, as black from white.—((:hecrine.)—
Both the Candidate* present came before West-
minster with a bad grace. They told that City
they came to rescue it from the state of degrade.
titan it iv as in.—(applause.)—Nor could Ise coo-
seot to a coalitiou with the Lincoln's dun Candi-
date. Of his disposition towards the great goes.
limo of R.eforan they knew notbitig.—/Hene.)—
Bot ou this topic the conduct of Sir Frioreis tool
well earned the support and votes of every Elector
in Esigland.—(Cheering.)—lle saw no reason fan
truth to move but in a right line—and right Imes,
when they were parallels, never you'd meet. Bost
here was no parallel. Who would assert Sir Fromms
had as yet seen his parallel ? For himself lie load
stn pretension; lie had been proposed sisal with-
drawn also by the Committee, because merely both
one and the other were considered to be advan-
tageous to the cause of the people.— (Applanie )---
But, above all things, he awaited them to instil a
coalition ; it always implied some roguery.—
, (Laughing and liissiug.)-11e but heard that some
persons had canvassed fur Burdett send Romilly. as
i united in Wiriest. He here tidal up a cards, hear-
ing the word., " rate for Burdett and Ilumilly,"
which lie tore 1/1 pieces; and a tided by hoping
they would /11/ n..lr au pieces all hoods which might
be attempted to be unposed on thegl, so as to &ties
their inclinations with respect to the Candidates
they should fleet to represent the virtuous and la-
dependent City of IVesimanster.—(C'oxsideralak
applause )
Sir RODERT Urissox, as au Elector of West-
minster, and the Representative of a free null iii-
dependent Borough—as an Englishman je4lotis of
the honour and liberties of his cotaiatry, coogratu-
bated them ui the vital the past cooduct of
‘Vestrniuniter had had on the Borough of South-
wark, in animating them to be free awl iiiiteptioletat
by a display of patriotic energies which hail led
them to triumph in a contest rashly denominated
delirious and frantic. The resolution leaving been
once formed, the Electors had grappled with aid
prostrated corruption. Ile saw with pain that the
enemy of freedom load for at wlule stolen stn Casa
slumber of the unsuspecting Ela claws, made as 10,1;z.
meta in the works, and seized on the citadel of
freedom—(4pplause.)—iii hopes to maintain them-
selves there, through the ignorance of their tlaw.ter
the people of Westiniwoer seemed to labour untlei•.
It was grievous and painful to stand in opposition
to a brother officer in a service to which he owed
for 20 years past a debt of gratitude lie could nevi-r
repay ; but he supported the cause of those wlia
had made shipwreck of' our liberties by a sytsem
supported by spies amid iliformers, violated laws,
and indiscriminating cruelty.—(Great applause )
!fence he had given his vote against him, mud for
Sir Samuel Roinilly and Sir Francis Burdett. To
the first, because lie was not merely a speculative
philanthropist : his life laud a fhod of intelligence
and inlaid, and his exertioris had constantly for their
aim to mitigate public cation tey aril private
mis-
fortune. Of his sentiments no Iteform, lie would
only soy he was in the minority with Sir linbert
He on his mot' for the Itepeal of the
Septeunial Act last Session.—(Greet applanse.)—
Was it uecessary he should explain why h., hail
voted fun Sir Francis Burdett ? 01 Wm hr shard.,
study say, that resembhug the great Roman remit
in innocence of life, in the II(0i.rt141111 of Weird the
most splendid, in the an flexible sieuit with which lie
had discharged his puliter duty, he had displayed
the highest gifts mad endowments as Is Legislator
and as a mats, anal like the great Athenian,
Pericles, who heard Iris worthy a..tions recited on li s
de:Ali-heal, he might odd, .` You forget my greateat
said dearest praise, that I never closed one citiz-ti
to shed a tear."—(Applonse.) --Sack were his
titles to the alfertioar of his friends in IVestminster,
arid the gratitude of mankind in the sacred cause of
liberty Ile concluded by hoping that they would
not suffer themselves to lose such a Rellrefelltalare,
or to the conduct of the Athenians, in the time
of Philip of Macedon, who lost their liberties by
idly contending amongst themselves, whilst the
barbarian was at their gates, whose terms were
slavery air sheath. He cared little for Col 1111 l ittees
• or coati: ions; but lie besought the Electous to
coalesce in one sentiment, which alone could be
consistent wills their true interests, anal lay securing
the election of two tried patriots, display to the
vid(' that the voice of the people was the voice of
Bud.—( Venerated applause.)
Mr. Wish SIT then addressed himself to the peo-
ple in the following terms:—`• Gentlemen, on
half of the friends of Sir Samuel Rutuilly, I thank
you fur the distinguished place 011 the poll, to
which your favour has raised him. lam confident
you will continue your efforts, an as to secure his
sin c.c.s. An observation has been made by a gett-
(lemma who addressed you on behalf of Sir Francis
Burdett, tending to accuse the friends of Sir S.
Roundly of having formed a coalition with a Can- ,
didate supported hs the Court. On behalf rf my-
self, and all Sir S. llorailly's friends, I 'appear
boldly ta deny the assertit.h. It is alt,,getlrpr
ua-
founded. My own wishes are, that Sir F. Burdett
should stand first ma the poll, and next to him Sir
S. Homily. After the eulogiuto ott the character
of Sir S. Roundly you have heard train that inile-
pemient graitleman who has triumphed over the
etfoits of corruption in the Borough (Sir Robert
Wilson), it is unnecessary for one to enter into
defence of it. I shall merely observe, that Sir S.
Roinilly's object is, to restore your Coustittition to
what at had ba-en sit the era of the Ilievolution
re...establish it in the purity it then posse,a6tal—and
obtain a return to triennial Parliartscoto, are his
fixed principles; awl if ever hr deserts them. I
shall he the first to desert him.—( tlpploose.
Con it, Gentlemen, be any reproach to the Electors
of Westminster. that they wish to return with Sir
F. Burdett a main able and ready to reply to, and
overtone all the sophistry of the crown lawyers?
Would you wish to see the crown lawyers advance I
their false arguments in the Howe of Commons
against the rights of the people, and advance thew

.

unanswered ? If you teould not, elect Sir S. nantilly
to represei.t you. —(Bravo.)—Tlie in ire you in-
quire into Sir S. character, as a man and
ass legislator, the runty you will admire hint. On
inquiry. you will find that he, in every instance
voted fir romaitutional n form. I fed peiNuadaii,
that all objection* to such II character timet dump.
hear. I feel assured, that you will send tido Par-
liament the two men whose conduct will ',rove
alike lin 00000 Ruble to you and to thetnselves.—(Load
applause.)

•
:11r. (.71,r,taY then press) ted himself on the rail-
; ling, and said, he spin/TM before the entleniets hr
was siddressiog in a different cherocter groin what he
load ou the flirt day. Ile tiovilured as a pro-
phet—for lie then sail that 117tinirity or Tuesday's
poll would place Sir F. Burden above the Court
Cs sulidate,and the result then before them (pointing
to the poll.board) justified the correctness of his pre-
diction. Bat till they had placed him at the top
they laid done nothing. lie was not there to offer
any thing respecting the other Candidate's, because
he belonged to the Committee fur conductiug the
Election of Sir F. Burdett, sod Sir F. Burdett
Duly. They thought it disgraceful to the Electors
I of Westminster to support any mall but him who
would isilvocate in the House of Corstmons the
interests of onsiversul freedom, and not of a qualified
• sort of freedom. But he begged to ray a few words
j of the Court Candidate. The only way he was
kitouis lit rue he came to the hustings was, by has,
lug gone on it fool's errand to China—where, as 66
well observed by the •• Yellow Bonze of isps.i," the
1 Emperor of that country had ordered him Zo lisock
i hit head nine times against the ground, to rime°.
• ver, hy the boom!, if there were any brains iir it.—
(Much lartrAterj—Rtat he,. foreseeing the result.
; would he tinfavouroble, dechited.--(4 /41,04
I Coming home, he guve additional wool id his
! want of brains, by sinking two of the finest fil-
-1 gates in the British navy ; and if a new one were
! 'emoted, it would be furnialied in his peisvvering
to id** Irituself on these hustings ; for no mina of
common sense would have stood for four dins the
Ishower of popular indignation that had been poured
out on bins—the o Aural repression of British feel-
ing against u 1111111 endeavuutiag to get Iwo the
!louse of Cuirranouto, to support a Mstitstra so deep
j iu offences us the present. He had had the honour
to be Secretary to a Committee for collecting soh.
s;•riptions in aid of persons suffering staler the
suspension of the Milieus Corpus Act. He itasi.
received about a hundred and fifty letters hour
j people of that descriptiou; and if he were to read
them, the very stones, like those of Rouse, si otild
rise and mutiny. There was no connect' 111 l whar-
f
, ever between Sir Francis Burdett and Sir Sa ttttt el
!funnily. Tl:e Electors ought to elect no malt
inn him, who was resolved to go the whole lengti..
in the cause of freedom and reform. With such
vi•oss lie had proposed the venerable and pat•ioric
Al, jor Cartwiigitt. If they should return Sir S.
lIant:Ily, by trusted they would watch Ins conduct
clircel) ; and if they did not find it of the right
kind, they would substitute another on the next
opportunity, which he thought they would somi
po-sess.

Alr. CLEARY then retired, but re-orproted iro-
mediately, on the suggestion of nose of tits friends,
to contradict tor infamously fake statement I.ut
forth in it placard, that Sir F. Burdett had toted
for the Corn Bill. Sir Franc,* Burdett had both
voted and spoken against it.
Mr. PITT, alter a strong spirit of opposition
front the crowd, was permitted to sly a few word..
Fle bad that day voted for Sir S. notnilly and Sir
F. Burdett, and exhorted tie Electors to persevere
iti their efforts for the-e two Caodidatee, alai de-
scrittedthe Committer of the latter us a vile cabal.

who hail !teen staitiliog on the out-
ward bar from the time of exii the state of
the poll, now urinated In din :ik, but was for a
few on:nines unable to make a word heard so thong
was the storm of hisse►, end so numerous the Grits
of 4finvprobutirm. They had heard the uhservittsons
of the other Candidates and their friends—he was
sure they were too murk of Englishmen to refuse
him or ant• other nrin on their a patient
attention. Ile en rat ula'ed thrm ou the success
of the day, because though they had not placed
lima very high on the poll—/ el /wad long*
yet them• had raised on it a friend of i{efutm. lie
could boast, that evert• ntaii whose vote lie had had
the honour to receive, was an undisguised friend of
universal freedom. Ile was not able to lie..r what
had fallen from the gallant Captain ; butt he truii-
ed that the sauce they had bestowed oil him wouitl
teach him and all his friends a lesson not to come
forward to endeavour to perpetuate the slavery im-
posed upon them for the last twenty years.—(s• Bra-
vo !" fro* a few voices.)—This day had 'hewed
what they could do. They had placed Sir F. Bartlett
next Sir S. Roundly, next the mail who was soot the
friend of ally reform at all. Sir S. K. milly was iu
the Senate and the Cabinet when the Income Tax
had been increased.—/d Gentleman fiats she crurd
cried, " Sir S. iionsilly was uecer is ihe Cabbed.")
—lllr. Runt indulged in many other unfounded Ir.
marks on the character of Sir S. ltaindlYs and re.
tired.

Mr. G. JONES then addressed die popol .ce on
behalf of Mr. Hunt, wlnch.clo,ed the puceediugs
of the day.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

DUTCH MAIL.

FEB. 14.

Their Ettcellenr•ies the Coutionia.u,iliera.(Jeliersl
have recuived by the -hip Boron tope/lad very iin-
purrtant aunt favouralule accounts twits hie Escel-
leticy Admiral lioyake, at A inhoylia. irisur-
rectum is wholly quelled lii• the coc.rage and
bravery of the Netherlander's. It is hoped that
the Admiral will return to 4,14V8 ill the coupe of
thus month, with the si:lp of the Line, Admiral
Everised, the Wiliteloninu frigate, and the Venus
Cud vette. The clislutitcile+ ore of the gib of Deceit,-
tier, and their pub:4.lllre ul> follows t---

" Since any last, of 281.11 October, tntiny impitrts
tuft eieutts !insr occurred here. I have succeeded:
in duelling the tluoigrtuh• litotirrrClloO to Ant.•
by the energy of his neje*Wit arm. au"
hive take's oil the ringleaders wt.:otters. After uo: r
first ads-mange. xt Huiorko (the island of Oni,
ishind exit of Ataboymi), • greet hUil •
Der of Chief, uud lentleis were *but by my order-.
unit the others of Sepuroint (on the ilttOild Mkt

• • .
e •'

among whom were the great Main
Timmer 3latulessy and Lieut. Anthony ialletok,
&c. are :11 our hands, and will probably be Mot as
on example to mhos. * have piomised pardon to
all the Datives (ourrifrilken). Most of them are
already goionged re-building their dwellings,
which were for the most port laid in ashes; and a
beginning has already beets made to dry the cloves.
" Alter subduing &mons, I immediately sent
kit expedition against Certain. It has already had
some adv.iiitteges, and has taken Fort Lahue by
sterm, mid destroyed revertsl of the native settle-
ei-nt• (Mgo, qrs.).
•' I r. girt to atlil, that these glorious advantage.
have cost us the lived of slime brave men among
whom are the First Lieutenants Frischart sic:d Riche-
who were both killed at Saparotia.
" According to the reports which I have receiv-
ed, we have soldiers and *alloy kir, 33
wounded. Of the native military Mad'fizests.
were killed and 33 wounded. The Admiral con-
cludes by praising the behaviour of the Officers and
men, as well or the army as of the navy.
Information has been received that one of the
children of the Resident at &prone, Vanden
Berg. is alive. and at &lumbar'. •
.4 In the west part of Cheribon, in the island of
Java, there have been some disturbances, which
have made it necessary to send some troops thither.
Few of the inhabitants of Cheribon have taken
part in them. anti the other part has enjoyed -
terrupted tranquillity. The cruelties of the insur-
gents have nut spared the most respected native
chiefs of Cberiboti; among the victims of their
barbarity. are Rads', Adeputte Nilli Dennigrat,
Regent of Betigavrati IVelati, an old man of 70,
venerated by all his subjects, cud Autong Pidgin
Deming, of Mods:mg.
4. 011 2gtil JAII. the robbers burned the Desa
of Radjeb Gab Palemanatt, mid Banjeratigan.
On this °crimson, M. Ilenleureali, Assistant Resi-
dent of Cheribon, who at the head of the Ilative
chiefs end Hewed force attempted to save the Desa
of Radjah (solo Irons destruction, was the victim of
the zeal with which he took upon Inns this danger-
ous tesk. The armed force sent to the place where
the robbers were, attacked them on the 4th Feb,
end 'iota ithstishiling the difficulty of the ground,
mussed them a considerable loss. Measures are
taken, in case they should collect anew, to combat
them again.
" The preliminary accounts of the action of the
4th, and by M. Servants's. Resideist of Cheribon.
from the hest-qoarters at l'aleinanati, are as fol-
lows ;,-ir" The attack upon the rebels has been made
to-ihiy, but Dot with the entire success that was to
Ise expected from the whole plan. The division
which, advaacing on the rear of the retreat of the
roldiere, were to begin the attack, seems not to
have arrived at the appointed hour, and thus the
two divisions which advanced from the south :lilt'
east coast of Kidingotig, have siilb:ioul much, be-
cause they bad to sustain the first atiat k of the
rebels. These divisions lament the loss of the gal-
lant second Lieutenant Horn, the brave Lieute.
emit Wessel, and Caputo) Ktlllerg ; nt least these
utlicers are missing, cud their withers assert that
viey 'sere kihltsl by the robbers. The number of
kil td end wounded on our side is small, but not
ytt known.
The find attack of the rebels was violent ; but
the 01.4.1111 MP% of our hussar* and lancers, led by
VV. Alls Clout, A Mr-de-Camp to the Commissioner-
Cele-rel. and by Lieut. Bertitman, checked their
iit,petinisitv, threw them into confusion, dispersed
thesis to pieces, The precipitate flight of
the rebels is chiefly to be um-riled to the courage of
•I''.•.".w two officer..
• .1. the reports of the different divisions have
not s. s been received, 110 exact account of the °ite-
rations ems be given. It is centrist that thee Isms of
the "Awls is vets considerable; the number of the
dead is above 166; 5 men, and a great massy women,
were taken prososiers—the latter have been set at
liberty. The defeat of the rebels is such, that it
:ainy be presumed they will tout soon make soother
attempt. •
" A reward of 500 Spanish dollars is offered to
him who beings in the prnicipal Chief alive ; 850
tor his braid alone, end lOU fur rich Noble of less
note, &e.
" The Chief of the robbers is Bsgoes Send ; he
and other Chiefs are said to hr relatives of the no-
torious B agoes Sidon and Rogues Raudin."—
(Ilourkes Courfusi, Ant 20.)

poll with a ,;lorious mallbity of 113. We coa-
grids e the City of London on this signal proof
of itt pendent spivit. It leas achieved a victory
as s i,d n any of those civic Triumphs that
have elreinly 'graced its smell. manifesting to the
world that there exists • it a feeling superior
1 1
to the paltry considerate rivete and indivi-
dual gain, and thereby givi
1
is critical mo-
torail a !Filson to the eouu o magnanimity,
energy, and virtue, well worthy of universal sclop-
lion. Throughout the whole of the day the Hall
was crowded adenoid to saint:eh tttt , and the streets •
in its immediate vicinity so thronged with anxious
citizens, as to render the passage even of the
Electors to the Hall extremely difficult in the
early part of the day, and towards the approach of
the final hour, absolutely impossible. Several
carriages filled with Electors, and ornamented with
cockades of Mr. Alderman THORP'S colours
(orange and blue), were stopped in King-rtreet by
the extreme density of the crowd, and the worthy
Alderman was thereby deprived of loamy votes, had
tone permitted the possibility of their being {aked.
Placards were exhibited every half hour %hewing the
state of the poll, and as the public interest was
warmly excited by the immediate contest between
THORP and CURTI% nothilig could exceed is
energy the expression of public kit excited by
every progressive improvement iu Alderman
'ltemises numbers.
The Elections have thus terminated in two sec-
tions of the metropolis, and nothing, we hunstrly
conceive, could more fully or fitirly speak the sense
of the people than the results. We have seen the
Ministerial Candidates defeated in every instance,
and in a miiiiiser so decided as not to leave a shadow
of doiiket as to the sentiments entertained by the
majority of the people with regard to the present
adtatiiistiation of public affairs. This opinion has
bran expressed iii opposition to the dictates of i.elf
interest, in opposition to the influence of wealth
and authority, almost under the very eye of Go-
vernment, and in places most likely to be under its
direct control, but in placer, it must not be for-
gotten, where the most correct estimate is likely to
be formed of the propriet% of rs measures. The
decision was slot that of at Spa-fields mob, or of an
aesenibly at Palace-yard, where public appeals
might be made to the passions of the people, and
their judgments perverted byllecioue words, or the
sudden effects of misrepresentation. But here the
merits of the respective Cawßilatts, the character of
their past services, and the nature of their future en-
gagements, were laid coolly before the people. They
Hare to be estimated in the silence of the closet—
they were to be the subject of private and familiar
couversation—they were to be elucidated by the
remarks of friends or the taunts of enemies—an 1,
hsving had sufficient tone to form, if he pleased,
an ueibiliseeil opinion, each Elector was individnellt
to go in the face of his country, and solemnly declare
the result of his iisvestigation. Not even a Minis-
ti rich Print will there to question the respectability
of the Electors of London and Southwark, or deny
their fituess, in the aggregate, to form a just opi.
upon men and measures, long the objects of
their most anxious attention. If their judgment
be quest d, to what oilier bodies of Electors in
the kingdom can we look with confidence ? They
are lOr the most part men of good education,
and of sufficient livelihood, with leisure to two
their thoughts to public matters: their decision
will. therefore, be disputed only by those who
would deprive the people altogether of any voice in
the lippointinent of their Rulers,
We trust that in a very few days we shall
have still further cause to exult in the instil-
laudation of public opinion iii the choice of the
Representatives for Westminster. The triumph
of the Livery of London and of the inhabitants of
Southwark in returning six independent. and, we
think, without one exception, six popular men, to
the exclusion of the Ministerial Candidates, can-
not fail of stimulating the Citizens of Westminster
'to a similar exertion of spirit and independence.
The lesson was nut lost upon them, for with milk
and pleasure we find that, at the cloy* of yesterday's
poll, Sir SAMUEL ROMILLT amid Sir FRANCIS
' BURDETT stood pre-eminent. Some idea of the
wonderful influence of Sir F. BuiturrT's name,
when unasisoeiated with any other Candidate, may
be collected from the fact, that the Ron. Baronet
in the course of yesterday polled 908 votes, a num-
ber, we believe, never equalled in any one day of a
former Election. At the close of Mondey'd poll
The triumph in the City was yesterday complete. I
MAXWELL, but yesterday he was two before the the Hon. Baronet was 463 below Sir MURRAY
Ne%cr, un tarry former Election, was there • more
gr4t.iyacg display of public feeling. At three ir gallant Captain. We are sorry to perceive that
o'cor i,, tile p..il finally closed at Guildhall, when I sonic of Sir F. BURDETT'S friends have thought
n ~or ost +an:01111e hopes were realised in the Proper to express themselves on the hustings with
Ininiiplinot election of Messrs. Wools, WILSON, I sonic degree of asperity againetSir S. Rotall.l.Y, and
ti situmiate, and THORP. It will be remembered. have asserted that a coalition had been formed be-
tween him and Sir HURRAY MAXWELL. This
ihat on t..Ve preceding day Mr. Alderman Woos)
they advance on no other pretence than because
wasted 591 volts over the aggregate poll of Mr.
Wiesorc, This boast was yesterday extended to mail of those who vote fur Sir MURRAY MAX-
WELL have given their second votes to his learned
'so Its* a amber than 869 votes. Mr. WILSON,
rival, and have eisaleavoured to injure the cause of
on Mood's,. was 404 over Mr.‘VAITHNIAN ; at the
close of Iha poll Isis number was reduced to 229. I Sir SAMUEL ItoMILLY, by preventing the friends
of Sir FRANCIS BURDF.TT horn extending to him
Mr. Warrllllso's excess over Sir M M. CURTIS
a similar proof of their esteem. This alleged cos-
was enlarged from 157 to 381. But the greatest
lition, which we are persuaded exists only in the
triumph was reserved for Mr. Alderman Tito's.,
whos although Dim Monday 109 below the Hon, imaginations of Sir F. BURDETT'S Committee, has
"4"'netr yet it as found, by the exertions of the
breirilemed r.-mpeatrdly and 1111614 cl) by the friends
i,,,kpead,„, 1., e' '
ety. to be lust gaining on him in of Sir S. Rois.tY ; they have disclaimed any
the tatty pact ;I. yestefday, and 'finally closed the pretensions to dictate who shall be the second Re.

ST. Jou Tart Harem —Holiday at the Bask, Exchequer,
East ludic, Ind South Sea Hummer.

SIXTH PRI.ZE ABOVE IMO/. MUST HE 40,0001. OR
23.0eu1 44 CAPITALS. TWO OF 10,8001. lie. ALL
MUST RR DRAWN NEXT FRIDAY.—LOTTERY
FINISHES.

TH E BRITISH PRESS .

LONDON.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE Q 4, IBIS.

pusetitatite rm. Wisl.;l;l,ster. nut it would be well
if these Gentlemen who pretend to be the friends
of grileril independence, would consider what the
consiquenee moist be if they thus direct nil their
malice against Sir SANUEL liouttr.y. Should
they succeed, by their unfounded and insidious
iii discrediting bin with the friends of
Sir FRANCIS BURDETT, they will thereby open a
sure passage for the Ministerial Candidate to the
[louse of Couomoor.

r. • to.
k-k.) • • r:"Zz• tot 4,;

-
The P&i% Papers of the 40th instant arrived bist
night. Twenty perriiss were lately drowned in the
course of five days. while bathing in the Seine, tor
whom oily two were restored to life.
The Fire per Cent. Cowinls are 74 1-sth.

A Deitch Mail has arrived, with Brussels Pa-
pers to a slate date. They contaiii a dispatch
from the Admiral BUYSKE to the Dutch Com-
missioners at Batavia, stating the succe4ses that
attended the arms of the King of the \ t:-
THERLANDS, hi 'repressing the instirrectioris that
took place at Ainboysia, and the measures
adopted for punishing . the insurgents and trait-
galltxing tlie country. The spirit of hostrlity
to the Dutch Government appears to have been
eery extensive Hod active in several of the islands of
the Eastern Indian Ocean. Se‘eral of the native
Prilicei were engaged hr promoting; it, and the
esperielice of past events sill well justify our op-
prt that the conduct of the ruling power
was neither calculated to conciliate the favour,
nor appease the enmity of the unfortunate
people. The Dutch have ever had the repu-
tation in the East, of being the meanest in
subilliwsion, the most tyrannical in powerthe most
faithless as enemies, and treacherous as friends--
that ever appeared lir those seas ; and nothing could
exceed the consterinition displaced by the people of
Jaen and its I 1111 l ll'illate depeqrlencirs,olien apprised
of the nitention of the British Government to consign
them to their former tyrants, but the attecting grafi-
tude they /hewed to the English Authorities for past
enjoyments. Mildness mid quick sensibility are
the characteristics of the natives. No. people can
'this, more gratitude for kindness, nor can any
pursue revenge fur real or imaginary evils with a
more violent or persevering spirit.

Yesterday morning a King's Messenger arrived
In town front Oriii.sels, with letters to the PRINCE
RFARNT. P111n•e I,EoPOLD. Ste. from the Duke
and Duchess of KENT. The lette►s to Prince
LEOPRI.D were forwarded to Claremont.

An extra Gazelle of the Goviynment of Mexico,
dated March D. 1818, announces the surrender to
the Royalist army of the fort of Xanyilla, describ.
ed as bring the last in possession of the rebels, and
the 57th whi.•to has been taken by the King's troops
since the commencement of the contest. This
place fell alter a close siege (or blockade, we spore-
!lend) of three month.' contimiance. Tao foreign
oilikerrs were found amongst the gotroison, and dirs.
tined to he tried by a court-martial. 'lite remain-
ing prisoners were given the brow iit of the aoloole.t,
that is to say, their loves stlitre spored, but they were
condemned to six years' bunt:Alumni to the insular
prison of Skeenla.
A her the result of the poll was declared yesterday
in the. City, the populace took the horses from the
carriage of Alderman Timor on his return home,
alit! drew him in triumph through his owtoWard and
some of the principal streets. On Ludgate-lull he
was met by the Duke of SunEx, why shook the
worthy Alderman by the hand, congratulated hint
upon his success, and soul—'s This is a proud and
glorious day for the City of London." The
mottoes. flies drew the carriage to the King's
Dead Tavern, in the Poultry, where they spent the
evening in the greatest festivity.
Sonur misrepresentations, respecting the Insolvent
Debtors Act, have limn industriously circulated,
for the purpose of injuring Sir S. RomiLEY amiss%
tradespeople. That Bil: was b glit iu by Lord
REDEsDAI.E, who never consulted Sir SAMUEL, 110 e
lied be the means of giving his able advice on the
subject. A Deputation waited upon hint some
time ago. pointing out several defects 111 the Act,
and Iwgging his sill iu correcting them, which he
most clwerfoolly promised, and which we are ebll4
fidellt he will iwrforon Aid who is so capable to
advise mid to serve the Electuis of Westminster out
such subjects?
AcciDENT.—nn Saturday last *4 Sir MATTHEW
BLox AM was driving u chair down Luolgute-hill,
the lonise fell, and floret Sir MATTHEW Out of the
vehicle upon the proolaietit, and broke several of
his rib*. The worthy Khiv,lat now lies in a loopele-s
situation. 'liter dinner that was intended to have
been given yesterday to Sir NIITHRAT MAXWELL
and his friends, lay the Pall Mall Committee, lies
been deferred to a future day in consequence of the
melancholy accident which happened to Sir MAT-
THEW Bt.ox AM, who was to have taken the Chair.
A very fine turtle was provided for the (occasion.
The Circuits are to be extended a few days be-
yond their usual sitting in each comity, where
much busitiess was left undone in the Lent Assizes,
so that it is looped the list of causes in each will be
cleared.

About one o'clock on Friday morniog 6fteen
persons weer shipped at the Brominelaw for Ireland,
irons whence they had e its the hopes of better-
ing their eoodstion, but had been touch slotappottit-
rd, sitd thankfully eftihriturtl the orpstrttottity af-
forded thesu of returisistg hove.—(Edinburgh
Paper.)
Oil Tuesday the 2.6 th, and Saturday the 30th
slats of Mac butt, the woods belonging to Sir
TtiostAs Enwstto WiNuiNuTow, ILirt. in the
its-1,14.r of Bewtiley, its the county of IVorertster,
ell the lent 11 Coppsce and Hitters-II Coppice, were
sst4ctourly set int tire : a free ictrt".ttei to ally me-
complier giristg inlormatiou that may bud to coo-
vwssots so offered in last night's Go:ette, and a
reward of two !tomtit:Ll pounds will be VOW on the
übuvt conviction.

.POETRY.

.~
