~.
of 6staimoit; was ''tinted a'a/havtag brehty;* its•.trihrit
and the people to whose hands it was reformed, were
called (troll to eiterrise their sovereignty without reserve.
As to the other •ide, the inscription was O Sir ch,,,4,,,, plyoon, ,
ley and sin Corn laws." He did not mean to say awe thtuir
of Sir Charles tfulseley, who we.: a Baronet of good family' !
ill Sloe frwl.hire ; with him at present he hail nothing to do; !
hut if neer.sary, he cool I connect hint with th* 3lestsiug.
This was the centicin in whom they chose fir their Logim.
latorill Attorney. On another side of the dig was "Jona-
thon Thomas Winder, and the Liberty of the Press.." 110411,
was no guoter bit'SSIO( Or curse iu a free country than a Geo
press. let it bep within hounds, and it was the best •afinf
grant of our hlwriies; hut to what purposes had it nor been.
prostituted is the incsent day! Through it slisagerlison;
rebellion. soil (11.contritt apread abroad the lumina of
their influence; it was the vehicle for irretivati, rite
*rein of 'nitrate nVilice, and the ellfOle in the bands of itrei
Do 1111 l era' Lone might the liberty of the press he pugs
nerved, and he hoprd wryer to see it shaekled; hot Altetif I
maul men 'tomb' deplore the uses which 114(1 lately in wairtli
Mande been mode of It. With such an instrument situ the i
Defendants go to their had work, and it was therefore intend.
that shy sl 1,1 magnify its importance by deifying its li-
tention•itro.. H leitic thus arranged their Hugs, the mite.
filial actors met 31 the Nlajoi's lodging, and they thereathiril
to cv ill procesn 111 l to the place of ineetimg, in order to give
some ir/a/ to their movements. All the other Claltsodmeri
*mild be found areonipanying, the Major. They set out Me
the Sleet hit:, aOh on U4le, tea pl we (-ailed Newali Hill, ott•4
Rirmiiiglient, awl to the souse pariah, where the grouted
(mood a kind of amphitheatre, tree, proper for their par.
pose. In A illite lime, no tent. than 130,1100 pelmet's(
were gathered, as Edmunds, one of tlw Defendants himself
ettakawd in a report in his paper. The greater part, of
course, went on fool, but Major Cartwi jell', 11110 was WI"
Infirm, and is still gt, WAS lifted out of a barrinebe, Mid
Owed like a rallying pond open the hustings. hearie, Ert.
Willoeir, Sod Woollur, hail ensue to the root in the carriage
with him, all of whom, togrther with Marldol, attended a
roweling at his loilziiiga in the morning, and were alike in.
volved in the con•pleary, mot had given their 24,0111 to the
Reatilittions which were•afterwirde adopted. Hot having
Now e 111 l e 10 the ground, ii was (wind fe.resmary 'hid mriyie
one should preside, situ that " fearless champion of their
li tense., and asodalosted a or of their riitMa," ad he
ib
led himself, Get,,ge Edotrosith, modestly pat himself
ward, awl .tae call. il to the chair. There wall more in this
Sterling shoot tiro meets the ear, for a great des' was cut.
cools/ilea upon the good eaaroople it would ml to the real of
the rooms' y. And, indeed, if one were to roisaider the great
nomber of meetings which were held at floe mime time, Mut
for lire same purpose, in Masiclovoler, Stockport, Safi 110/1.,
places, such an expert Munn would nut appear very siaioriery.
'Cheer simultaneous( meetings argued a deep-tai' end morn.
sive conspiracy to overture', ur at Wool to remodel the Om:
vet 'mesa snit Constitution of this country. Ethintneht
being theft Charrinars, bespoke silence fur Aerie MM
were to spunk, in the usual way. and ttstrwah he
would nut disztot the Jury by reading this persow`i
-Speech, as it was repolled hi his own piper, yet tte
Masud ant help calling their avientiou to (-effete teassigeo in
it. tic began by expressing a hope that the heuellie of Mil
lilleVisrg woof' din be (millivolt to ibis place alrmie, billies-
illided to the eishiire at torte. It was fmiWirallee lisiceli
This speed', itrul'oui per haw it tune out the Artifice filth
tiollrherist of endeavuoring to bring the Csovernmeile, *di
'suer parttentarty the Noose of Commons, into coirtirditil.
The Learmil tterjeant the. 41enerlbed the mitchiewhes nee.
'lvory of the Whole Or thOltpirelies delivered en she ocelt's**,
rind which we duly not iced itt the time. HO 56141141.. sesettll
Rewilnisinis paroed at flee -Meeting, sod tolliimaled iron
rack of llienio, their:big fleet I bele Ibelloaiditoth 'Rid dero-
gated to ittem.elies a putVer chiefs the 0•1111111Itittatir Mt. I
fused to the King. They claimed the rigid i Illkirsrieb tillit .1
1 mairri ifs did they co to trial? Wats 111 'lrthlll 'Will Ike"
1 thiturnoul men the prover Way In driillk ff. 4 1114 41011
intlerd seat 111.4 Member in the Homy, lilt Addle id. i
•. it legitimate or constitutional Pettit? 114 MA* till I
Ilirmiughairo eonclidled 'by toting ibidits to TrlditirVlll4-
'thighs, rireharisig, i't 'filiadvaseld ate, iftider4ilien ith'ireat
• jonroey to fors grid their mete, it tlearprOof thethliblitillg
"Ifheee WA 11101 1e0114.4.41 11W eireel of iecident. Miteille4 'Were
`lllshicvdterl hi fie eh:drams, Mr. Worili4, and the 'l:ritir4pll
aon, and the Mretorog wait adjourned back to the lthjirees!
list-
e use, Whit her tio4itotor part or &mil `serottipa Merl lit In in
the barrios-Iw. They returned in the Sallie Order WI WSfitib .
4hey art oil. Neer roiled the Sleeting, and the Oar Way a .
deputation wailed upon Sir C liutpetey to informithe sittNe
relutt, and isoloer bins tie •tioiterakre Ifie-oilire'of lkdists-
hirial 'Attorney. There porpoise *mild hire thalt Lien (AM-
itched. The ("rued (*.dilute' hanettrited by expressing 41
hope of being able to prone every statement w loch he liskl
i
OSAde, avid then he dud not entertain • dottlit-uf the' mutt.
The Lest-Ned Serjeast Men proceeded to eall iiiht'esser,
who clearly proved all the alleged facts.
illy. DEitirid then Ottie to adding the Jury. do iditalf
of Messrs. F.dinands and Middirx. Thai/sell eitiiiiillidle '
ratted on the Jury, as seen exereishig a great- triblie Idly'
—the greatest aria to that of a represeuldttee of me •
people-4o tend to the eirenmthinees of it their imbet Calm :
-and unbiassed consideration. fie could hare wialsed 'Hitt
his 1. d Itrlelirl hied abstained from the pvelittiwary'i
observations to Which be had inflater-a. He (Mr. Oen-
Mau) Was IMO attars' tin*, the obseeratinMl Or the •Lelerdeld
• lletjient, 'lilt rriperg to what had 'al, isard in the Att.
bier part of the day with tieferrtire to the Aperral 101 Y,
could he allorrell 'to 10 eonweakm with the marl's of the -.
Wen
t ease, except alone for the purpose of Mahe°a
1
. riiiildfite inthe minds of the Jory, and dim-tithe them 'r
I ruin lbe tainsi'ileratiou of ibe merits themselves. Hut litt
i worth] take it diesin 'Nina to 'sky. that the oliservatiross of the
rteanted Seryeloit were not either reasonable or riniftwro.
able to the rods 'of idtpartial jilstier. lthat! to talk of -a
Ifratiltoey "wiirtree tier led Mt against-the Court' by thellell4id-
tets—tiotleitig that hdd'paistril‘rarridtid the Leanreil 'lien-
, lientan he his tentattn.' thi the conirkry, he (Mr. 1).) *root'
ever maluisho, that if thealatiutib whielt secured to Ihreitd-
; auto Ita mice sit indtkinteht an impartral trial were to he
1 Ihelil iskinicted, aid edit.* Web it Counsel could talte•was
't- Minn ahatuteuoire In their spirit, or 'More ealcutated to tole
effect to the intentions in which they originated, than a
Witt, Jetlittr. vcrwthilthigitreutirm to the tomittet of the
Master of the %toes Semi% the !Merin...attic rowdy, and
1' all the other offferrs biting guy halos-mg, its Hit militias.
'ion or Special Jurie.. %Vas it 1101 lArniprielll, theiefore, Si
' the 1/efeiorlaiste or any of them, to urge, in the heti Manner
they were able, the heifer which they entertained Iliac they'
would nut obtain a fair trial in cousequence of the menet,:
ill which the Joey had beets st.serithled ? and when' thil7
bad so urged their justifiable apprehension*, wereilleidep
to be told by ilie Learned Seijeant .4' onatfera that oretiWeed
! a year szo?—were they lu love respell hiniu theirettelt.
f the itoputatiou ulaiost the Deteutlatits that a etrlidelet
i made iteeewroy by a hat they cunsilleseil their 1114.41 w,
IheillSerVeS, WAS only a desoltoty warfare against Vie
Court ? Hut he al Id rualotain hint the Court *meld
lutwe been guilty of a dereliction of its duty—it would mit
; he lit to be hosted with the todnomistraiiou Of jiistfre, if it
dot not Awe that wiling:neve to oleo.' to the Observations
of the Ittfendanis, which his Lordship on the Reach had
I ntrtufestrd this day. He owned candidly that •helnall wit.
I Ileiroell iii the yahoos 'thief-ohm's recently art oit foot by
(iiivernment, an totheronong unmet! to proctore• Verdict
of guilty against the D,feintants. After the speech of his
I..earned Prim' (Mr. ViruChau), and the evidence telliilt
' had been brought forward Is, ..upport Its allegenotes, the
Jury would he, no dooht, surprised to hear, That the hi•
dictment was of such magnitude as that the reading 'of
It would (wimp) as much lime as the reading of the while
of the evidence which they had heard that day. It rim-
prised multifarious matter, tineuniwcied with the soh-
jets •rf the immediate cherge against the Defendants; it
contained the grittiest Variety of Charges, mud was open
tat .tinkei!das ..lirw.irLair7.e.f.sr_b•l imh,-- ''-- '

Which tech ingjavislwol newprettgeety *mud charged. might
be committed by each individually,. without involving the
gisilt of say general concert between them. The charge'
want that the Defendants had . done an and In, fur Ibq
purpcite pf ra g disaffection in the Government and
a*billeting the constitution of the Commons Howse of
Willman,. Was nut this going far enough? Why creel it
into conspiracy? le did.uul mean to saj that tba
of a conspiracy should not Ise brought forward, wlosm if
clear and indiapoialde series tor.iiiits su;geided the pro-
priety of producing 111106 11..eiii?ge. Rut he would ask,
was lint every act of the • individuals clorled with
coin-piracy, as proved iu evideurr,totally ineonbiteut
with ally such view! "The truth 1V3., thlat ille RtntanUou
was extended lu a commiraty fur the time purpose of giv-
ing In the Progrentor that emit but ilkiVMllol.l advantage
. .

, .
ever shit 'left°.laid., provided larked by Ore law, c.f.
teary as it was in must instaaces
,prptclically to lite spirit
of 11,w; namely, of being able to prodoce she evidence of the.
ciill of several persons to support, a charge against one.
" Oh !" said the I.eartird Srrjeant, " the art of use is Clic
I act of all." Yes, so it was, hilt not l*lsiii the conspiracy.—
lisp general etpicert between the uties was, first salisfaclo.
I city established. Now, he with! entreat of Ike fury by apt
amine more minutely :his postMuu of his I.rarnett Frictol,
Luckily, during the present procreitiligt. it WS, in their
power in 'Observe a pr.sciteal illosirajims of Ate falsehood of
this principle, for u: ilie present occasion, there was hiP
i ill': .1
re li, tftuPr Zs lali"esrli andl 41
Vereusdt‘on if
si
tellii;el44lZiledts Frier
ile"tal:
gaged in a c rrrrr mou obirci, namely, to obtain a trowdsct itf
I blot Gully. Yet the Jury growl,' tier, is titc cpurye of the
proceedings, that the acts and senttmento of otse.part et the
Defendants were totally at variance with Otelac of itutttltcr
i part ; an that here was smother instance directly flu Isobel,
I tan-wing that a common object bring in the coulemplar

. _
aweber of persons did tint IpeCellfArily ensure the' rgr-
lainty of a commewity of statement and acui, in the execu-
lion of their general design. But when was the
which was eliargili upon the Defendants ? Hip
Learned Friend had triumpliaelly told the Jury, that they
would Bad nu difficulty eel satisfying thetnielyes es to a soda
WOO 4,0%11 being ruirriailical by the Defendants. " I'll prime
In) that they had emu together, and 111 show you bay
had a common di sign; awl aiml show that [bey lead each
a part in the active execution of this COM 1111 l Bat
Where had he shown this? %There bad be shunts thus sort of
derive ? Vl'here were his proofs of a becni, and litrk-
log Confederacy? %Vhere were there proof* of their teem
memings? Nun, had be. n brought forward. Ile begged
here In request the atteutiou of the Jury to the cundiefun
ii wleith his clients, Messrs. Maddox sod Entinands, had
been placed by the effect of. the evidence. The proof
against the beat anmunieel Ibis—That he paid a Visit
to 3lsjor Cartwright iu the morning after his /veinal
at Birmingham, and that he •rewthilied with the Mijor
fall two 1111110.1.. 11111*.ei lu Falin 1111 l Is, he, too, was
proved to be with Major Cartwright bet i few insiiintel.
Both then was the foil wake of the eteridence by which
the I ••,ireied aerjeaut promised ha ah.asi.i *hew the
eluseiing• of the partici. tlo bloodery, the 12th, it wai
writ created that hladdoet was at the boom wirers lite
Major resides at all—the landlord rapressfy said he hail
wet least recollective of Matthaei being there at all—

!pi. an atot seen ut Nt* Y4N MildiwAse wad not ae,MI in the
bwouswelir. In Abort thief doom not a tittle of owidenee
setbsg tbis penis. sit all 'FM lit cusalion of a ounspiroei
tabigia, wish oupoir proprifily, ,but alleged impinge pew.
owiti Oho fin pleryrd thoinaolvds in slohhorotsig Inviter,
a length of tiw, sad num whom woo act had eats.

aimed, feeling to trey reasoselsle mind the eminence of •
minspieary •inuog them. Hut where was the apotugy fee -
pressing such a ellstega alpinist the traders of a politient
•nteettur, emidocleal in She iansiter in winch that at Ihr.
mingbain had been carried on? 'rile leaders, xis days before
the meeting, sent a proper notice 111 tilt Clerk of the Hexer.
in which they seated the abject of the anemia'. iVas this
like a owisposty ? The words of the letter were, that a
•aliefling was intended I. be hell at the place mentioned, for
the iniemme 'disking Usto consideration the best mems of
bringing about the Reform of the COllllll.llllll lions' of Par-
isalVlllllll. 'the object as thus set faith was perfectly legal.
-Taw Miter slid out a wont abort the election of a Member
of Parliament, ur that of a Legislatorial Attorney. There-
thee, Sei hag mind, these circeinstaiters carried the con-
viction that no conspiracy sal entertained by the parties
• from whom it homosatrd. The Jury would bear iii mind
that they were to discharge from their consideration every
• tisiorthat had Mute after the meeting. He wished to
pass upon their attention that the titmice of culminate.,
• Rave to the prosecisturs the advantage of fixing the criessi-
Adity of the whole Defendauls on each of them; and
hence it was au exceedingly prettent mole of premerdirgial. li
. .

theach it was ally tistuit 611 fair ur eunfurntable to juteice.
I..ertmel Friend had said, 161 the Detindznite,•t the avert-

Mg, ■asnmrd, and eutterdeil lurked, the Royal nellsurity...-
•Thrre he would beg leave to state, in answer to the Learard
Serjeatit's remark, that afire kinking into the Act uf V nion, be
could had nothing is it which restrained the lung from
ssud-
iug hts writ to whatever place be wished to return Ihronlrem
or a Member, to serve in Parliament. The i 1141101111,111 fur-
,ohic charged the Itcfriadriiits with a with to bring about
drr"frrctior, and an anima tub chaser in the COOllllOOllll Houma
of Parliament. Ills LAmintil Friend then gare what be

tonaidered • pritqwr idea •of the nature of the alleged
offraer—sibe avoided the quotation of refurin, but substituted
a panegyric on the (1 • Is Constitution. He (Mr. U.) fully
awbsixibril to all that had fallen fount the Loused ber-
jeaut in praise of that limb Conetitutior, and bettered, ihsit
with all the abuses II kith Wier swim at, it was superior so
nlltteiher Colltillelll,lllll in Isle word. Its great practical Ides-
litre however was a popular reps sent•iitm, and this, there.
fare, rani the coestioa upon wis h the minds of the people
terse most disposed to be ardesitly interested. But were
we to be told tbat the Coostitutiou bad undergone no utlwr
iletrouent than these slight alteraliawa which Ilse lapse of
time !mug. altos' in all human inventious ? Were we to
ba laid, WO a matter of doubt, that it nimbi haws capes
riencril immune link declension (rum its. theoretical pellet-

bun! -%
as such the state of the British Mouse of Qom-
mons, and M'af4 the cloud which we saw nothing...Mir-
than the country-oleo's baud held op berme ns ? No, Wiwi*
were the case, the beat men of oar country—the wisest ii
our Jiiilea--var patriots, soul -heroes, and philosophers,
laboured in vain, sod laageiled the Coilattiati ))))) by pm-
tending that it was crept over by abuses. And if the
paople were not permitted die liberty of meeting penee-
ab:y to protest and petition against the corruption which
threatened to overpower Men., lie knew nothing of the prac-
tical history ()robe congtitisi and the bigamy of the last
century was a fallacy. Let the Jury cousider the motives
of the Septennial Act, enacted us 1716--that usurping Act
of I'm ;tausient, fur he would nut beet Sate hi call it so. In
1733.1, a
rejertial by 240 to ISO, attic majority, however, it turned
oat Mat 114 Aleitihris -wire in the enjoyment of places
and peIDIUII2. They bail beard WOW thing of pC111111)11111
-Wits it s Male to say that the permission to
sit iii Kllliameat allowed to penaioneis and plaermen IVO/
bid! if so, be *lofted to to •pitt first in the list of eri-
Idlddrisbls. It was • Meld • that otrght to be general. Year
i• *her year Bills were bruit& in, exclitding such persons
from l'arlianeesst, yet after all they kept their seats,
r 'although the Act of hettlemeut expressly prohibits their
i'Mtntisinuti into that amenably. The motion fur repeal, in
193;4, was envie by Fir. Brumley, Member, lie was happy
to say, fur the County of Warwirke, and seconded by Sir
John St. Albans, The farsnet thoocloded his speech upon
! that occasion in the Relliallor words:—J, In this, Sir, I
hope I shall be jwattesdrilllplleist private consideration has
Winced me to mob" Illy Nn—but the liappiuttos of
the nation at Isrlr, Old= kat* 1 am simported is
it by she voice of the ists.••4l, a rley of my osaMi.
I Use* awl-by tM paellmair sesemmtheio• of the peo-
.

ones
parts i:onontry; clubs,. seiner, and correepondenrjes
were estaloliabed, and even delegates were appointed le
meet in Convention. The wool 'stick he talownsing; bolt he
was prepared In say' that the people, or the,/ thowelteglie
evil lobe ennshodrod was owe of great magairtele, were right
In do as they had drum. The nirratiogg on all 'Atli not
pions was Otitis—dot! he fabricate the Oman of which he mitteol
plainest, or in making an clime the subject of poptilitrotlawl
triwisitoo, dirt he nasty appeal to she proper Whorls'
for a M.
Wily. If the osinise existed, he did right, beinitier nollrior .!
could overcome it het public opi )))) When the celestine
I relative la the aluolition of the blare Trase was in lianasOss,
there were meeting. sad petitions in (mow of the ehob--
tiun every quarter. Why were not the author, of these
meetings and petitions accused of courpiring against the
Kto/f, fur Ib.g deeleee,ll wite.nglio.t a system which was
prodecteol lip statute laws, and proarlsonatiorti upon pioclasna-
Imo ? Was this a crime? It was a glory mid art Isoosupc-so-id
wap the glory of the ettototry, that thrsnigli a storm of open.
idtinn, Mat crest ~romp uf Inonevolener and religion was
effected. lint never would that treble have been siboticlosal
had soot Quhlic sopittion lou.Uy dedssed ag lima it first. If a
aft of Mass 111bogist and said, taro a etriain branch of the
logishotere was greedy and noterti )))) otty currant, where was
the remedy fur it boo mastic opiotioon. This Imlietasetst
the present ease was remarkably tree from any charge, eves
by insiouatioa, of a riotous tli.porit ion in She turetireg;
which formed the whole ground of accusatimo its the great
ease tried at "York, of which they assist hare ill Agoed.
Flags were introduced in the evidence, and a oust unchari-
table inference was drawn steam the iletrripl. which they
hoore. ir,boy were wa hie to tier Case of the prosecrw-
time, welly Net introduce them into the Mohr mew.. CM use
of the Rags appeared the wisTTIP, the " $lll of Riede."
Whitt. were we pone so fir, Molted, that to speak sit the
of was a crime—that Bill, without which Iles Brooks-
lieu wool,/ tool have beets ovoiclosive ?" The Lioas.sted Gentle-
men Homo pooceerled to continent us the other stitch Isamu',
defeoiliug the peopilety sad construct' of them. rafter all
the consideration which be could give to this aothjscl, Ite
really could sot see how it was worth while to prsrcaed
against the present I)..frodants foe a strange and losolictous
exhibition. Was the eleeti .... cif a Mayor of C H a
ceremony that was annually ri formed, and which, by the
way, was instituted in order to requite sir Ji ffrey
elan fur the pledge which he hail given to the foltithis
lams. that he would procure them a Mnsaf3elsore for
asparagus—was this election calculated to subvert the
kingly dignity, or injure the integrity of Parliament ?
Were the annual elections of two members to serve for Zye,
in Devonshire, the inside of which he could not then ex-
plain—was this an infringement on the Constitution sof the
realm, or an overt act of disaffect' ? Nobody would ,
think of taking serious notice of stoch Things; and Irby
then shoold the ludicrous farce at Birmingham be excepted,
and made the unworthy object sob grave sleisasieiastuts?
lie then made saline allusions to the stale of the House of
Commove, by which the 14.11 of Pains and Peroaltira 'mar
before the Honor tof Lunt/ would he decided; and ennelonled
try obserrittg that lie hail Token Recording to his feelings and
his conscience. and if lie had succeeded is impartiog the
sallisinietra with which Ilia mind was tilted, he mold out
iloisht for a Muaiselial of the aseqintial of but chemist.
liu.‘ then addressed the Jury as lab& .of _Mgior
Csetrorig,lit. He enfarceal with tondo ability the arguments
of Mr. Dramas.. The mails part of the charge was atiempt•
ed tote supported by aentettec. from !overflies of several of
Ilse Defendants. Now, be would show, kiwi &moiety lof
work*, Sirlist several great mess thought and *aid flow the
• subject matter, charged as crimes in their speeches. •Me
then read extracts from smoreal works in support of his
lie would not remark upon thervieksage—that
bad -beets authrieatly di,posed of by Isis Lessened •Frimod.
Coming to Illy uoiler considcreliou.
he would refer to Grey's debates 1111011 the ',Otis at sal
the Bormigis of Newark, and there it would beams., that it
I was a matter of argument at least, if it was nothing miser,
that the enaction of a Member of Parliament-was a service
which in process of time, and by the change of manner*,
became a privilege. If this were the case, looking at it
with a legal rye, where was the harm in any set of loco per.
forming Ibis service voltantat aty The ?Learned 'Gentleman
pursued thiseohject with a long and aloherate arguntead.—
Botiii point of fact, the electioo lammeaccuted was as else.
lion of a person to carry • letter--ssit was the election of r a
pustinati--mad aut.& Member .r Parliament. if even this
;mint failed, the fact of Sir .Cbarlcs being conditioually
elected, .wietal4l make his election void. The meeting, eu far
Crum witalting to Moist 'spa tleetion, did actually give
a petition to this Caeutleniau to be per-witted by hien if he
*WNW be admitted, end in case lie Sllollld wet, holm pre-
muted by some Wilber, a friend of his. Where Oita was
the shakiog off of allegiaare ? where was the disposition to
excite disatftclion He concluded by paying a
.culooptiorui
to the muderalien of Major Cartwright, •bia bid Omer' be-
fore been brulight into a Courtor Justice.
The Leartied Gentlemais haring rotielatileal, Mated lo the
Judge that be was recistesto d by Major Corti/right to read a
defence written liv himself,, and wifset he thunght teemoliary
to the chub ration of his character se,a
The CRITT BARON' said, it WWI tUtteriel to MI elk to *l-
ow its being read. Hail the LeartiedGentlemao.issaredoeed
it as part of his •perch, be might have ro ad it; bulb was
too much to expert of the Court to allow a Coesiml, after
making one speech, to get up and make another.
It being now near ten o'clock, Mr. Wander, who was twat
to silih-ess the Court, said he would hare to occupy permit
lours of sloe time of the Court, and if it was the plewoore id
his Lordship to adjourn Ibe Court, lie would prefer smiting
his address to-mot tiow.
After a short couversation, the Court adjooneed to It,,
o'clock to-morrow.

two state that the proerevlitigs wive seditious .
ahle, slid the Illacistrates of Bi►mingham proverul
of the parties for ouch heinous tamers! The y
said •' a gross violation of the law has been tutor,.
yet, the law that had been broken was 'tot specified.
had beers broke*, the Justices of Birmingham -
have 1,"" ". 'artier •

,teil ; but they look
illeretriogiPriier Wit ski kir

The Miniatirs linad takes every inelhpd to wenn
peeking s Joey, and after packing, preventing,

degree resembling hie mia. The rittv.r..
canyons mil clitibini Gentleman, and be
been present on ll.at trial ; In hoisted 1101
been able to segisre a Ilfrairt
ruled. The fart was, that Warwick contaii
holders eligible to serve opnu Avitee yet I
which the Joey was shout lo be Wireby tbe~
Crown (1(7k., contained only shunt oe•linnihrittl.:nontet, fad
11, Grand Jury who tumid the bill svinet 111. r?!fend4g.t.
were among the. windier. The 11.1101;iitiants
the Grand !my hei,u on the list. And that our eu pitlitabb
au, injaiiiiee that tbry seer Ict rock out, Ittil 'it %arts
were left on the Special Jury list; nut of these
.were
reement Jury taken by ewe Gown; and if the troWii, or ea.,'
tkier tb, notninaleil theie own Jiiries, made e) yfl
Orffllle 111/1,1111: COTTIllgi..lll in the
.coutily, it tirasturatip,ll
.1.41,11, if they could setore • verdict. Morn Iltey weir
;riotous depebilant upon (lie crown. Mr. *Touter
'plaineil of the eundnet of the officer, In not onannmising 11r.i
Perch, the juror. The panel was by Mr Pe!.,11 4yi
heels summoned; the Judge did lint deny
" You must apply 10 tl e four! above lire relief; find
mum pa an 1 i alinittd he liable to be infuriated it l 4,4 twit
proceed." ilk I.oretalop knew better be knew when
prefliedilllE `WM wt openly sinjwst and imotiary to tresor;
he might to determine mit t.. proceed: In.. I,,orree!,ip raid o'
Mee lint right, it vrse, therefore, wrung; *MI his
10•100, lout be said be could net, retirees it ; this *ll.l of
drum( Rogernene egeiees the Miriade» nudlterie denendeortr,l
Mb* consinstted offesicos Iltst could not be reilersi!iiiii On.'

other 'dace. Mr.lVoolrr iheu produced the ihiliclowni;;;lrtch.•
frost theletigils and wararcrof Cu, ntscineetil:d • gnat purlieu.
a the Gniaritealble, tool ailionailversed soon its caloric...
The Learned Serj•aw4 said, tit+ t the D.-feuding, attemplud
tip etceite dierositent, Sail to mini at the inlitrity or lite
H mist. of Consiting; soil that .soph offences weren't highlssl
mistetweasarra. had •tlairketi the istogrity of the.,
Mime Ire would Is. glad to :know ? Was rontplaiOing or
that which the Speaker, Ahiratsaid, .1 worrld hare wade our'
userstortistwesle, hf door ill rbeir how," ailibeltistg the -in-
tegrity of 11w House,st Comnintni ? He had serer spoken er
wrisoris • *seal aiaissat she Oa gvstyof a 4e ass.* of Curtain.**

The nitotantial charge "fur iMthituas sad exciting ihrruu.:
few," See. was • aunwshall thrown almost at loud •es by Os 1
Legal Gentleman ,9'..r.j•-aiit Vaughan.) The list cha,z.e iii
the tinheiment w, that they elected a Hever-to-mai lye for
mingliant without authority. Na oar would eunteml t at
the prop'. of Biostegham bad oat a right to he rapes..
c'an'ed. *Ebel/veer cooktuid awake laws 'abseil reprearois:
tom; if 11%1 dial, ilsr-y Acted us titrossieally as Cslearks dnl us
In inging in the-Ship Money Bill. Vag people of Birmingham,
from slob umobers mad property, aught to he rirpre.ente,l,
if sari.. a place as Old Sarum ought to be. Thereipsta.
buns and speethes traipsed and read PI rho Bitakaiiklaia.
everting dill Hot say, Ektt Sir C. IVolaeley ait:Leppe-r of
Parliament," hot " Elect lion to.tro the sight of Abe people
or Birmingham to representation:" It was nut of vjuirul
act ; the Barouct was Alepitted only to *end a letter Iu the
Speaker of the Confinons, srh frit was to be.picsented to OK
klufisr, fowl which trip rotell Ih it Sir Charles might be alkpit-
eil to take his 51.4 t as a Member of that Moose. Surly
was opt supposed lOU sir Charles would turn nut
.fry
shots Iderti (as Mr. Hoht se expressed hi maelf) the 6.58 Sfrm-
hers, or that the Biroaet was smother .Guy- of Warwick,
and possessed the power to overturn Abe *ants AP41.4,11.+4.
bihate the 3letuber% with lab owe arm.
Mr. Ltwts next attliesseil the Jory.
Mr. Serjeant VAUGHAN having replied,
The CMS: &taus ioncestled to sum up the WC
The Jury retired for shout ten minutes. and at half-past.
eleven ref lisped with a xcrdict of GUILTY .A.LidI.N.ST.A.LIe
TUE DEPENDANTS.
1

lOREIG,N INTAI.LIGENCE.

-1

?AIM PA PEItS. ' .

PARIS, APCVST 3.
General Pepe has addressed a prue'atu.ition
site puOvle of the witted kingdom of the Two Si-
cities, in which hr remarks, Illat the general wish'
In. OblikkU i CUlPSlfiellois proves that the people:
merited 'a political regeneration; and that if ut.y!
timid %pied apprehended the ihfluesice ul liirrigol
Powers to seplunge the people into slavery. cool'
deuce might tie drawn from toe raatuple of Fr
Snob,. the Netherlands. Euglatxt, and the
States of America ; and that if uuy Foreign Power
sitould pam•the frontiers of their country, the mi.
hon. • which was the first to make head • again,t
France. would prove that it now wanted 'ltalie;
Itrength nor energy.
General Pew has also addressed two letters
the Priskce of Calultris. In the first be thanks the
Prince fur his havuig deigned to express his ammo-,
fOction at the measures which the General hai
adopted to maiiitaui the discipline of the army,
"he second letter expresses time Gescral's di site v
renounce the title of CaptailloGeneral, curifosaaaluly
to.the wish 4i the army, which dratted that tlin
title should be abolished try nu organic dreier,
The Prince teplietl..that be would Appreciate
proposition which proved .tlee •tuudiriattuu and
inuerestedoess of the General.

[The Pariarrispoirs contain some fardier poet.
.estmesi of the sormendous tire which brake au
,ortillonday night at some wine end spteit stores, iii
-the quarter of La •Rzspee. end laid waste houses and
,atoms for a,iiety considerable space. Seventeen ea.
tensive stores were destroyed, containing mot I
than 80,000 bartrls of •witie, which were dal stayed,
and the mite is said to have formed so large a pool
us to hese for some time aupphed the tire empties
eight persons unfor, uhately lost their item
about fifty men seriously smooth-J. Th. y are
to have suffered priocipelly in cousequsuce of
toxication. 'Elie propesty destroyed is estimated ai
eight millions of francs.]
The Diario of Rome, of the 16th, esontaina'ti
latest odes of the lie* -Government of Na
and among them the fullowitig document :

rerdinaini I. &c. We helices, Heveditarf Prises
Viear.Generat ;
flaying received intelligence sf a aussatotion
place its the city sir Benevento, and wishiug
care to avoid every thing which aright in soy manner dish
the good understandiug with his tholiassa, and to press
say toshabitatit of this kingdom fasts iaurferiug in the offal
mf the Slate of Benevento, we apprise our beloved prof
.Ilhat, to preserve their own indepeetheige. A is uecefaary
.fespect the independence of other Guirerairrots, mud to shut
,geligiuusly retry thing which might endanger the good bar.
popsy with the Poutthcal Court. IVe ordain thcrifoie tt
top inhabitant of this kiugilum shall dare to eater with'
1j r neighbouring States, nor interfere in soy manner iu .
haillairs. The guilty .ball lie menuthed by the rigour sf tl
jaws, conformably with the 117th and tither articles
Petal Cade.
Naples, July 12. (Coostersigned)
A sum of money amounting to 40,000,,
(about 830,0001. sterling). arising from li
buttons paid by France to the Allied PG
some time since lodged ' the Illauk of Et.e
' at I,f` of the Mixed Militer

ward:the fleirearmitati on opemis " Major Carla rigid add every line, • apoilL • , ,„ swath
the Bill of Rigidak and Liberty." This eat a Bill *SO I. it. import. '
th tett - • .94t4479117:eniftsat Wirlii:OZ c°94
I:ltutehmatat 'day aid
d
....r ,
was a favourite with these whet ealle.l thesnotwee Radteellli each of wh nil, dlillatallo ha ..plea nostigiy. , net,
0r...,
tracedl. to been
thothadtt sil oil, po
iti , eel:
the other aide had the remarkable muds, " The .110 A principal tyAhowhom,anya of op 57.„,,. .
.. simii. . thipic _
reignly of the people." Indeed it was no matter 101 ?al Learned See Thad lahtdowo •'• cipte, with treat I Moll,* Nor was 'hie this tlie,„ltinguage of Igswirant
prise that they ahoulil have enlisted tinder such * I r, propriety and tenth, brit sakillaii to some modification—that faticiiT.heNo-e-:iti,war rerehoed_ by Chatham, Csmikn,t mild
farilin ~,1nti0r5t...1...",,,,e5e,...e. aia‘raf sis It whose ... in ocam of csinuiraey‘Litef:sloilsto.!! all the Defendants Pitt.
~..........4• ........itself haLhe d ed
..a
...
reigniy_one which she commie,' denied to the IL"Wg ' wadi to tit mitred hr I.* i '....
M melt a thirtstitT; lIPIMIVISS4 WS- °
I elf—nothing frail than to alter the Cuitstitnt. of the t **age shonfil br berfitoill torwitill..at 04 artshifoll jocose's- popularity in early life, as well 814 so his being know.' as
Realm, and tire is • new House of Commons. The tine 0(.16 ',afore of sfie conduit of the Defendants, be. the (ilia of Lord Chatham. His (Mi. Denman's) venerable
1,,nK,,,,ee they wed was entirely of the seine eliwaemit she- , fen the Learned Prosecutor, was a subject of deep corn- (timid attended Ike meeting, where that great Satan=
der rOrie Ittajeaty of the people was imwrierl; the Meese plaint, because it might be 'Aware that the offaice with , was familiarly known. Willow, tarry iirlii in different
_. ._____....—.. ...:nerd a. havior betrayed its • new, which each in4midual respecitvily •tood charged. might I parts of She country; cloths, pocieiira, end correapondenrirs
. . .

ups and Ireason•
,roserute no one
'he rut 'arm, im.
rummilleel ,•" sod
.cifird. If 1 law
sae wonld lately
no nonce of the
iiii Imes; imiryit.ii.
WV. 4 Verdict hl
Zing Ilubot larstrt
Eta rsla.)-
Pl6.aWl was a
Wald he Ind
1 tln.lionft,lvfinin
c,ift Ailt prow
irket.3, A fiAr.
die ao not of
liginfil....rii..
i.a......___ _..•

- ~
ily a that they were to &schen, from their consideration every eriv.".": 1....-r; sallnisk7 Fiiiiricciinn run!. Tbeme riiiig,giTio; dince might be drown from the paiimple of F rai.i le, -
do; .alliing•that hail bens dose after the meeting. He wished to (runcv 1 'l•l6iing to insist upon the election, did actually. Smile. the Netheilatidm England, nod the Urines.
6,16,.: ..press upon heir &Octillion that the dinette of ethespirwcy .ll. .r- i L .1 by •
IS.: Van to the proseesaurs the advantage of fixing the thine. =IT:
st°4nitniii",,,T=liiiir
elaoseileersolwowliilde-01,14764:1.1"g States of Americo ; and that if any Foreign lioarr :,.,
*flank! pars the frontiers of their country, the sw-
itta .1"14" of llic whole DafruduNi" wit each of theta; and seated by some Heetiber, a friend of kis. wiw„ 'h. 7.--;-.
sad •hoict it was au exceediugly prudent mode of preeeedianrial.ltoti, which was the first to make head • agaiii.t '•
tbe shakieg off of all ' where was the iiii
4. 'ltle"git it "'" any thing but lair or cunfinwiatile i°j"tg't- elicit, dintfectio i , 1-1,-• ei hided I%p• % g disposition
euphuism, France, would prove that it now wanted beithei. •
limo, -His Leaned tricot had said, that the Iletindmits,•t thwart- -IC—. diemuderaticin of ..'"aj:lirlreartwriiiti.l,4*.ilorn- Lc; peace be. Strength nor energy.
iott, assumed, sad exceeded indeed, the Royal ma11i0r10y......
fore been brought into a Court of iodise. Geueral Mite has also addressed two letters to
4211 Thee he would °e lease l° wale' in swelter In the Leen" The Learned Gentleman having eoneholerl, elated to Ito
itei, Serjearit's remark, that after looking into the Act of Uniosibe the Prince of rCalabrie. 111 the litat be thank* the
Jail e that he was respray d h Major Carleirlght to resit a
idly could bad nothing in it which rindrained the Kin from loud- Irritice for his Karroo. deigned to express his reatio-:
&fete, written by hiiivielf,,aarlYtriikt he thought accessary i,
tym hag lam writ to whatever place he wished to return Members to the viniliratioii of Lis character and reputation. fiction .at 'the measures which the General had.
~ bra Member, to serve sii Parliament. The indictment fur.l The Cam 11.41terx said, it ins euntrary to ell tide to al. adopted to maintain the discipline i4d. the stain' L.
Mat 'her charged the I/cremating@ with a wish to bring about rcwl. Hail the Learned Geod.-mail intsideeed Tts; aecond letter empreases the Generara diode bi
ow it, being
Loy - disaffect ine, and aa unlawful change in the Coninsons Hone. it as part of his speech, he might have read it; hot ii -
yet, of Parliasueat. Ilia Leanest Friend then game what he
renounce the title of Captain-Genesal, conformably
too much to expert of the Court to allow a Coolant,' atter
listit eusuidered a proper idea ref the nature of the alleged makint one speech, to jet up and mike „other. IS the wish .of she army, which dratted Out this
Air. otrraor—die avoided the wow's of reform, but solidi t used It brims now near ten o'clock, Mr. Winder, whowat sent title should be abolished by au organic decree
~,:y, a panegyric on 11w British Constitution. lie (Mr. I).) fully Ito address the Court, said he would hive to memo, several The Prince replied, that lie would Appreciate
yi.- anteinibeil to all that had fallen from the Learned bee- hours of the time of the Court, and if it was the 111 eof proposition which proved the •toosiiiifidsou mid di
e,„ jeant in praise of that high Con/Olivier*, end Indicted, that his Lordship to adjourn the Coot t, he would prefer nuttier
—. interested liesa of the Geoeral.
hem with all the abreast' which grew upon Si, it eras soperiur to
his address liemoirew.
'he I all "'her f. "llleliti" l" tile word' its relit "ell" hie"" After a short conversatloo, the Court adjourned to ten [The Paris 'Papers contain some thirilier porn
pm Matt however was a popular repro sent•iiiiii, and this, tterre. O'clock to- • nom. •Ctilafa of the tremendous tire which Make AU r
,ere_ fon, was the comeiioa open wleidi the minds of the people •eiti •Mtintley night at some wine mild spirit stores, it
4.1, i woe most tlietersed to be ardently interested. But were
stcoN D ,!
end• we to be told that the Coustitutiou bad undergone no ot DAY. the quarter of Lit taper, and laid waste hooves on
her
ten. detriment detriment ilium iliti‘e slight alteratious which the lapse of stores for a very. cowlick/able space. Seventeen ea
..
It being dell stoo I lhat Mr Wooler as to co
mild time bring. about ill all human inveosious ? Were we to _..1 .er . • • ir wimence tensive stores were debtroved containiiii• apt less
In address to the Jos y this mor ggggg g, the avensies 'mime to . s s
um_ hue how, •• • limiter of donhi, that it nimht have expo. than 80,000 bomb of•wine, which were all striveil, ,
every' pert of the Coto. were, if possible, more •liirmigell
be 'tenni! mime little declension from its theoretical peace.
... —. .
ma yesteroay. The twat in die Court was oppressive. and the wine is bald to have formed so large a I I,
.was tau? Was such the state of the British Mime of Com-
tne • mans, sail was the cloud which we saw nothing wove- TbrierY bring called over, the Cuter BARON cidird upon us to have for going time *applied the tire engines; ‘,
~ a than the conntryinau's band hull op Imbue ns ? No. ifismi. 111,". "'oak' to Plnee'd• ii is totally iwirwsible that we es" eight persons uncut., utiately -lost their lives, rut
.
, lime were the cow, the best sten %item, country—the wisest of lay before oar readers any thing likes skeleton id his bril. about fifty men seriously vs-flooded. Th. v are said '.
and our Joitges--var pahnots, and heroes, sod Vhdrelophere, 'limit, argumentative, autism/prising speech: such a piece of
to
ins. laboured iii vain, sod libelled the Coustitiution, by pre- eloquence (he the principles what they may) we hcsete have suffered principally in CollfstalUrtalVe of ili•
•, to letitlinc that it wee crept over by shoats. And if the never was spoken by Rey modern orator. Our report is but toxiciadon. The properly destroyed is estimated at'
aner people wire not permitted are liberty of meeting pence- a brief sketch up to one o'clock, and was written in Cubit eight millions of francs.]
they i ably to protest and petition against the corruption which under peculiar di.advantagce. The Mario of Rome, of the 18th, Contain, the i
mi., ihreairswd to ova, power silent, lie knew nothing of the prig- Mr. {Voider commenced by staling, that the Ministers of latest odes of the new 'Government of Naples, s
they t Mel history oldie cues • . and the histiny of the last the country had prosecuted the present Llefenclaiii• because and satiate them the following document :
Piny century was a fallaey. Let the Jury einitider the motives they knew that lonelier die diecis . of the pi inciptes pro-
-I'i:eclipsed I. he. We Femmes, Hereditary Prism aid
rred -of thee Septenrii•l Act, enacted is 1716—that usurping Act leased by Radical li. formers ill Ike House of Parliament,
Vienr.titruirral;
retn. lof Pai iiameilt, fur lie would nut hesitate' 111 call it all. In would have the ultimate eficci of destroying the cui i option
let 111233.4, a motion was made far its repeal, but it was reject- complained of. They were determined to prey. tit public Having received intelligence of a eminuscitiors which took
rto Stirjerted by 2411 to Intl, of the majority, wormer, it turned meetings, although they knew they were not crimbial.— race tin Al' cis!' 64 B"g"1"1 sod wishing with all possible
care to avoid every thiag which might in nay manner disturb
The 11•Ilist that 114 Mendel. -wire in the enjoyment of places The maxim war, that what the law dues nut forbid, it Oleos.
the good tdevstaiiding with his Hulloes., and to pretreat
mild i suit pensiona. They hail heard something of penviima If that way of point) ll ill g the Parliament bail been illegal,
obi illto.hay. -Was it a ensile to say that the permission to why did out the L. gialature mark out a line ii hick the an inhabitant of this kingdom from Murdering in the atl'iiir
of the State of Beneveuto, we apprise our beloved people
if it 1 ail iii Pailiameut allowed to pensioners tool ['mermen was people could proceed upon with safety ? Ile advised the
that, to preserve their own intlependeoev, it is unetoory to
inns rbrad! if so, be wished so to • put brat in the list of cri- Learned Serjeant (Vaughan), 'Hi...re lie again should deal out
respect the imiependence of other Goversimeuts, and to shun
had Plarliettis. it was • creme . that knight so be general. Year epithets against radical reform and radical reformers, be-
relusly every thing which might endanger the good liar:
wit. b Oder year Hills were brought - in, excluding ..4
ati—i persons fore he should again pronounce the principles tiny pridesscrl
molly with the Pontifical Court. We ordain thrrefule that
,I by lithium Parliament, yet- after all they kept their meats, to be a ild, visionary, foolish, aud violent, that he would
,dirt imlibesign the Act of Settlement expressly prohibits their please to cooties:end to sinew by soine kind of argument nu inhabitain of this kiugdom shall dux to ester anthem,
the neighbouriiig Steles nor interfere in auy mammy iu them
r Min t liiihniseissis auto that aneenillety. The 1110111111 for repeal, in that such was the fact. How easy to assert, lint it was a
huh 1 1733, was made by Mr. Beesley, Member, lie was happy I ply lie could could nut prove it by argernent. He (Mr. W.l affairs. The guilty shall be punished by the rigour of th .
the hi sae, for the Couloir of Warwick,. and seconded by sir would discuss the pi inciples before he concluded, and prove '
petallaws, conformably with the 119th and edict radicles of the
FRANCIS.
in• John St. Albans. The former emochaded his speech upon to the Jury by something more than bare assertion, Code.g
of that occasion its the folbersiwg words:—" In this, Sir, I that radical reform was neither wild, visionary, nor foolish. 14laidess Jul'y 12. . (Costotersignerl) RICCIARD
bole hope I shall he justified{ that no private wasideration has Mr. Woolen then reed the Proclamation of the Priace Re. A sum of money aniousititig to 20,000,000 franc
min. iiidoced one to make my prupostiher—but the hemline's of gent which so strongly condemned the ',vanisher eit Hie. (about 830,0001. sterling), ariemg from the coffin;
ash. the nation at large, and because I know lam soppoited is mingham, upon the election of Sir C. Wolseley. He (Mr. W.)
it it it by the voice of the people—by a majority of sty coasti. contended holitly that each a wicked, seditious, and libellous I buttons paid by France to the Allied Powers, we,
quo tarots. mid by the, pactisalar remosamodstion of the pro- prulltittloll, dieser had issued limn the radical press. This some tithe since lodged in the Batik of 'England,
• • s aliberigh I garevnej erwro act of the adatiutairstion. What: the administra. and placed ut the disposal of the Mused Aluluturs
• - _ ?_•••f_-/_‘,. .•
