I

t

,
.1'

, ' i
tit
11
II

1

~~~~ ~~
i

WINDOW TAX AND ASSESSED TAXES.
Mr. MABERLY pigmented a petition from the borough of
Abingdon, artinst the window hut. He peceented another from
the same place against the usessed tuns. lie could not refrain
from making some allusion to what the Chancellor of the a:che-
quer had said respecting the Magmas of the aesesemente, Ibe tba
purpose of reducing them, if it were possible. The Board of CAM.
missioners also wished to give the elnweyors an increase of salary,
a per cottage, when they raised the meesement. This wee not the
language of a Chancellor who wished to lower or to equalize taxa-
tion had on objection that the assessment should go on, but
im valuation should be matlerupon it.—The Petitions were laid op
the table.
The same lion. Member presented a petition from the saute
borough, for the abolition of slavery in the West Indies.—Ordered
to lie on the table.
LINEN TRADE IN IRELAND.
Mr. lIIABERLY presented a petition from the trustees of the
May of Tipperary, spinet the taking off the bounties on linen.—
Ordered to lie on the table.

SLAVERY.
Mr. S. WORTLEY presented at petition from the inhabitants
of Sudmare, in Yorkshire, praying hat the morals of the negroes '
should be attended to and improved. The Hon. Member said he
approved of this petition, as it sought for nothing abruptly ; it
tanked to the gradual improvement of the negroes, and it required
that in a .convenient time the slaves should be placed in such a
sate as would enabie them to enjoy the blessings of liberty.—Or-
dered to lie on the table.
LINEN BOUNTIES.
Mt. T. PRICE presented two petitions from the inhabitantnof
Donnerailk in the county of Cork, praying :hat the bounties on
linen should nee be taken off.
Sir R. FERGUSON hoped no injury would be done to the
manufacturers in Ireland. Ile thought the greatest service would
be, if Government conferred some of the public money on the poorer
dames of manufacturers. The public money would not be better
. dieposed.of. The want of capital was the great want in Inland.
Mr. H (ITCH I NSON approved of the general principle of the
Rival-lon. Gentleman opposite, but he hoped he would postpone
its application to the South of Ireland for a few years. The linen
trace in the. South was in its infancy, and many of his constituents
Mt the gravest apprehension upon the subject.
Str J. NEWPORT supported the prayer of the petitions.
The petitions were ordered to lie on the table.
EXCISE LICENCES.
Mr. CURTEIS presented a petition from the innholders of
Brighton, against the Excite Licences.
TRADE. —Laid on the table.
SLAV
Mr. KENNEDY presented a petition from Ayrshire, against the
1114711 trade.—Laid on the Table.
COAST BLOCKADE.
Mr. KENNEDY moved for some returns relative to the seizures
mode by tie cant blockade.—Ordeved.
DUTIES ON LEATHER,
Mr. CALCRA FT postponed his mouse trelative to the repeal of
the duties on leather nil theitith of May.

BURIAL IN IRELAND.
Mr. PLUNKETT moved the Order of the Day for the second
reading of the 'risk Sepulture Bill. He observed that, in the pre.
seat state of the House, he would not have interfered with the bu-
siness of his Right Honourable Friend relative to the supplies, had
berm flattered himself that he would have had no objection. Ile be-
lieved the House was pretty well acquainted with the object of the
Bill which they were then to hear read a second time, that it related
to the belief of persons In Ireland dissenting from the established
lie would not make any apology to that House if he oc.
cupid their attention for a short time, as they must all feel that it
WWI a subject of no small importance, as far as it regards the tran_
quillity of bellied, inasmuch as it affected the rights of interment
uf the people of that country. It would excite also the attention of
those who felt for the security of the Protestant establishment. He
should enter on the question with caution, but not with any degree
of alarm, us he was convinced that die success of the measure was
calculated to allay the dissensioas wilout alarming the supporters
of the Protestant Church. Ile hoped the Hinter would do him the
justice to believe, that he bad not taken tip this measure from any
Improper feeling or motive. He was aware that it could not have
been placed in better hands than those of his Right Honourable
Friend (Sir .1. Newport), who had shewn, that whatever subject he
undertook, he possessed sufficient seal, ability, temper, and mode-
ration to carry through successfully (hear); and he felt convinced,
!torn the temperate manner in which he had, on a recent occasion,
introduced his immure of education in Ireland, that he (Sir J.
Newport) was abstractedly considered the fittest subject to bring the
present question forward. But this was a matter most proper to be'
takes up by those who spoke the sense of Government, and there
tasted besides, on the part of Government, a most anxious solici-
tude for its effectual success; and if it lisd been brought forward
by en individual on his own responsibility, it might have been
met by some abjection that would have been of fatal consequences to
it. Hating said so much to excuse Government for thus taking it
up, he was pettier.. expected to assign some reason why they had
not dens it sooner ? In answer to this he might say, that there
were mazy circumstances that would hare rendered it inconvenient
to have dune so : one of these was the maxim, that "it was the
batter conduct of a aim government not to intermeddle with
the people. if they were SltiSlieti, than to attempt to provide
remedies ter mischiefs that were rot felt." He should now
state to the Muse the objects that the Bill then before them
proposed. The first was the repeal of 9W. 111. e. 7. He
would shortly state what that Act was. It was probably known
to many in that House, that there were in Leland many Abbeys
and Convents vested in ecclesiastical persona, which had been looked
up to with respect and veneration by all classes of people in that
manstry ; those places had been consecrated, and though they were
now no longer appropriated to the service of the church, yet they
had been resored to by the religious of all persuasions, for the
burial of their dead. These ancient reins were place,' into which
religious disunion had not as yet forced itself ; and it was a subject
of gratulation to the mind, to see that presorts of all ranks and all
denorainatiors had been buried there in quiet, without the ceremony
giving rise to any disunion or acrimonious feelings. It might seem
extraonlinary, that an Act of Parliament should have been passed
forbidding for the future any fu: then burials in those places, the
law extending both to Protestants and jimenters, and this, tow,,
',Mont any complaint 'lbis Gill was no doubt introduced in
some spirit of jealousy, for the purpose of preventing the attend-
sacs of the Catholic priest, but not meant to interfere with inter-
ment at those places; but what were the consequences of such a
Ceding ? The Act was framed and passed, and still-bum, as there was
• person found willing to give information or to interfere with the
o'd course cf sepulturein those places. It; therefore, an Act of
nottiament be framed in eueli a spirit, that its enforcement was a
crime and the neglect of it ndnty, it ought surely to be repealed, and
a mit of his Bill was to repeal their enactment : a clause had been
introduced limiting the extent of that repeal, as they had no right
to encroach on the property of individuals ; he said this to prevent
ary false imprescop from going abroad; he therefore should leave
Oat of the case any further consideration of the Act of William 111.
and should emceed with the other provisions The Noble Lord who
presided over the Government of Ireland had most earnestly di-
rected his poen:fel mind to all parts of this question. Ile had felt
great anxiety on the subject, and that niight account for his now
addressing the House on this matter, as it was presumed from the
frequency of their personal intercourse. The principal objects of
tee Bill was to scenic to Ihsser.ters the right of easement to burial,
:n met a manner as *humid excite no discussion. Before he went
into the altevatinits he proposed, he would lay before the House the
enruel stale of the law, as it at present stood on this subject. Ile
would begin wi.h the rights of the Protestant parson . every body
knew that ..he freehold of the church and its glebe was vested in the
person. and no person coukl legally enter the church-yard without
Ira leave, or being considered as a trespasser; and by law he is en-
t-usted with the performance of Christian burial. He is bound by
the Act ef Cniforniity to read the service as by law established.
He can read no other himself, nor appoint any one else to do it.
'she House would observe what the effect of the law would be if it
were acted on, and the clergyman insisted on enforcing it ; it would
exclude a great sunction of the people of Ireland from interment at
all. That was one side of it. On the other side, every person had
• right of interntent in the church-yard cf the parish in which he
died, but he must claim that right subject tin the right of the Pro-
u rant parson. Arol shoed if be said that it was no ofli:nce by the
erOetirg law to prohibit the performance of this ceremony in the
Protestant church-yerd ? There were also a panther of laws prised
in Ireland after the Reformation, besides the penalties affixed
against all Catholic priests reteriong from abroad, from which
they coned only exempt themselves by abstaining from the perform_
ante of ,ertain services, among which was, that they should not
perform the burial envier. A vulgar *rot arose in consequence of
this, vie that the performance of the ceremony by a Catholic.
priest was a Penal Act. This was not the case ; yet it was trite,
that if he performed the burial service he was liable to be indicted,
bit not for thing that, but because he was a Catholic priest. This
was by the 21st and lid /forge 111. But by the Act of 1793 all
difficulty and doubt on this subject were removed. After the pus.
i'g of that .Irt the law in Ireland became clear and settled, and
the province of a Catholic priest no longer ilkgal t as he might
gsen acne in the foil insignia of his faith into the church-yard, and
perform the rites of berial. What then had been the actual state
u. the case, no.withstaiiiiing. the elements of discord and hostility
that pervaded these laws? t 1 his very few execptione, the whole had
pared away in trerquillity : and he %Nike this so the eraise
of the Irish parochial clergy, who had -seldom interfered with
the rites anti ceremonial' of Catholic sepulture: they had for-
borne to perform a ditty imposed on them by the Act of
Vnidarmity, from a disinclination to excite argry feelings.
The ordinary process of sepulture in Ireland was to per-
form the service believe the body wax brought to the church.
yard fir interment. sometimes with, wimetimes without, ,'religious
habit. and without any' dieplay of their religious ceremonies; that
war the way in which it had been performed till lately in Ireland.
It was necessary that this statement al (mid be made, to pr %'e that
that bitterness of feeling did not exist in Ireland which had been re-
eresented as flourishing there so strongly ; be spoke it with honesty
and val. and without reference to any great question. Ile was
mire that the House would think that it would have been unwise to
legislate for evils that never might have arisen; but it would be rr.
(Alecto', that shoo; live years heck inconveniences did spring up,
and within the last year complaints on this subject had become
more prevalent: whether the alarm had beer. justified or no, as a
on the spew, and endeavouring to asceruin the fact, he pro.
person ten
Inc could not; it was heyond his reach ; and if any lloa.
Gentleman were to inquire in Ireland. he would get an answer
according to the wishes and opinions of the person to whom the
question was put. %V hen be found this to be the case. be con-
tensed that he etas desirous of leaving it in its ambiguity, as the
ducovery could only produce pain. (Iltar, hear.) He did not
awn to cast Imputations no any one; on the contrary, he was
''tiaras tin pay homage to the liberal cooduct of the parochial
:erg!. In the cases that he had alluded to, Government could act
.nn way but by remorestraam and advice. If tiseve had been a
lea a..d definite law on the subject, It was the duty of Govern.

ment to let them know what that law was; but where there was so
much hostility in the law, it was almeat impossible to choose a con-
duct, as, notwithstanding the manna in which the Protestant
Chygyinan was fortified, vet by the Act of 1793, the Catholic
Prim might come, if he liked, with bell, book, and candle, and
perhem the ceremony of burial according to his ritual It was
rimpossible that the law could rennin as it wes at present;
isrampuon e
of the right was not a thing of the same kind
the original exercise of it; and the great body of the people
would be driven out from the tombs of their ancestors ; this was
a matter on which all mortals, high and to—, felt an anxiety
it was confined to no rank ; the high and the low held the feeling
in common ; it was not dictated by philosophy, nor by any other
human affection—but it was a feeling implanted in us moat myste-
riously by that Supreme Beiiig who taught us, that when we
IMO about to seek repose in the grave, it was but ar the step to an
atessid life (hear) • and he felt wowed, that no person who heard
him would argue ?or the expulsion of those people from the graves
of their ancestors, sensitive as they were allowed to be on that sub-
ject. The lower classes were wrought up to a state of fury, and if
new causes of offence were now to be given to the higher classes,
be would not answer for the safety of the country ; above all, he
deplored one plan that had nee:. suggested. vie. separate places
of sepulture for the Protestant and the Catholic—that the brothers
who had been nurtured together should be separated in the grave.
If then Dissenters were not to have separate burial grounds, the
only remedy would consist in giving. them the benefit of a stern
and unbending mandate for alteis.sion to the church-yards, at the
pante time prohibiting them hum any mode of exercising their re-
ligion that might be often. ire to the Protestant Clergyman. To
this plan the same evidence of unfitness could not be opposed ; but
he was apprehensive that it would be fitund an unwise course of le-
gislation. even if it was practicable. which lie doubted. The dif-
ficulty at present was not the unwillingness of the Clergyman to
give interment to Dissenters, but his disability, bound down as he
was by die Statute and Canon law. This Bill removed the objec-
tion, by authorising him to give permission for the interment of it
Dissenter, according to the rites of his own persuasion. If it hail
in terms said that the Clergyman must and should give interment
to Dissenters, it would be highly disreputable to the character, and
at variance with the known duties of the Church. as much as it
would be inconsistent with the existing righte of all the individuals
in the community. In the earn of a Protestant, there was now no-
thi .e mandatory. He could not be interred without the permission
of the Parson, but he was bound to grant it, unless he could chew a
justifiaatory muse for withholding it. In that sense only was it
mandatory. The Parson could not be indicted for refusing inter-
ment, nor would an action lie against him in any case ; but he was
obnoxious to spiritual censure, if he refused interment to those
who were entitled to it. He might refuse it to persons excummuni.
cited, to those who had not been baptised, and to those who had
fallen by suicide. lie was in all cases the judge of the time, con-
venience, and fitness of the ceremony. It then a good reason ex.
isted, why it should not be compulsory men in the case of Protest.
ants, there wee more still why it should nut in the case of Ronan
Catholics. He adverted to them principally because they composed
the bulk of the Dissenters of Ireland. In the first place, it was
the duty of the Parson to judge whether the deceased belonged to
his flock. There had been instances of contentions at the grave for
the soul of the deceased ; one party alleging that lie was a Roman
'catholic, and the other that he wen a Prettentant. It might be that
he was neither; but a mad fanatic, peelutps a Jumper, not enti•led
to any such right as sonic of his relatives were claiming for his..
If it were made niandatory, the Pill most assume a penal form.
If the Parson were on the one hand liable to penalties, on the other
hand the friends of the deceased must be exposed to similar conse-
quences, if they brought into the church-yen' tapers or vestmente,
or any thing See going beyond the strict metlesty of interment. It
would then become a Bill of pains and penalties on the peuele of
Ireland, instead of a measure of general conciliation, a, it was in.
tended to be. The object of its framers was to make it the
great charter of religious toleration (hear, hear, hear), allinuiag to
every person, of every religious denomination, the right of in-
tinment according to the doctrines and ceremonies of his own per.
suasion. Every Dissenter ought to feel grateful fur the recognition
of this great principle of religious liberty. By the Bill it was en-
acted, that Vibe Parson refused to give interment to any Dissenter
or Roman Catholic, he was bound to state the ground of his refusal
in writing, and transmit a copy of it to the Bishop, or his Ordi.
nary, by whom it was afterwards to be transmitted to the Lord
Lieutenant. Under this provision, the Parson would not veuture
to assign any idle or capricious reason, as it would ultimately be
brought under the consideration of the Government of the country.
To a certain extent the Bill therefore was mandatory. Eta),
lawyer would agree, that if a public functionary was, by an Act of
Parliament, enabled to perform a certain duty ; if the law said
•• he shall and may," it bound him to perform that duty whonever
it could be shown that it was within the contemplation a the law
that he should perform it. This Bill would, in the same manner
%ay, in effect. that the Parson must do what it stated it was lawful
for him to do. If he had a reasonable cause for refusing, lie must
state it in writing, and that would be his protection for refusing.
Tne provision for allowing service to be performed at the grave,
woufl not sanction the celebration of the rites of the Raman Ca-
tholic worship. According to their liturgy the burial service could
not be performed without high mass, and with other ostentatious
forms and ceremonies, calculeted to give umbrage to the Protemunt
' parson. The Bill washable to this objection, that cases niightari,e in
which an individual, through capricious and improper motives,
might withhold the pmmiesion for interment • or, on the other
side, on which the privilege might be abused. Thee, however,
were extreme and highly improbable cases ; and he (Mr. P.) would
=the; that Parliament should deal with them after they hail arisen,
it' it should so unfortunately occur, than that, by legislative enact-
ments, evils should be suggeated not otherwise likely to come into
existence. If they did arise, he wassure the firinne,s of the Le-
gislature would not suffer its purpose to be defeated by the iniscon.
duct of any individuals. Hews not surprised that sure degree of
alarm had been excited by the first election of this measure. To a
certain extent Parliament were going to do what they had never
done before ; they were about to allow, within the Protestant
churchyard, the rites and ceremonies of another church to be exer-
cised. They were not merely going to allow the Roman Catholics
the exercise of their own religious washin„ but within the pale of
the Protestant church. The House would recollect, however, that
the clu•y was never performed by the Protestant parson, and the
Bill, therefore, rather relieved him of an irksome obligation, than
deprived him of any power or ditty which he was in the habit of
exercising. If it were said that the Protestant parson abstained be-
cause the ceremony was generally perflimied previously in a private
house and not in the church-yard, this argument would concede the
principle for which he (Mr. le)contended. The Protestant parson
certainly never eutlered an interment to take place without some
decent administration of the rites of religion. He would not allow
the corpse to be thrown into a hole like a dog. He did sot perform
the ceremonies of his own church, because he knew and believed
that the rites of another had been performed ; lie could not else be
justified in neglecting to perthrm those of his own church. He
acknowledged the propriety of their being performed somewhere,
and he acknowledged that its perfurmance elsewhere gave the body
a passport into the Protestant church-yard which it would nut other-
wise possess. What difference was there in principle between that
course and celebrating the rites in the church-yard ? The Bill
would make a change in respect to the strict obligation of the Pro-
testant parson. It would relieve him from an odious duty ; and
he c 3lr. Peel) was sure no rational Protestant parson would com-
plain of that relief. Parliament would now make that to be law
which he himself had already made to be law. It was an apparent
extension of the privileges of the Dissenters of Ireland, worthy of
the liberality that characterised the Government of that country,
and calculated to produce extensively beneficial results. The Right
Honourable Gendennui concluded by moving that the Bill be read
a second time. (Cheers.)
The Bill was then read a second time, and ordered to be com-
mitted to-morrow.
MANUSCRIPT OF MILTON.
Mr. W. WILLIA3IS asked whether the statement that had
appeared in the public papers was correct, that. tiee or mix weeks
since, a manuscript had been found in time hand-meriting of Philm,,
the son-in-law of Mitten, and whether it was the intention of his
Majesty's Government to give it to the world ?
Mr. Secretary PEEL said that the public had been correctly in.
(Denied, that Mr. Lemon bad, among the state papers, discoveree a
work of Milton, in the hard-writing of one of the Philipees. How
it had come there was not known, but there could be no question
that it was Milton's composition. It waNentitled, Del Calla, and
related principally to the proofs of the Christian Religion. On us
, discovery being announced to him, his sty hail made the ob-
*creedal, that it was fitting it should he giien to the public, and it
was diem in the hands of an eminent individual preparing fur publi.
cation.
Mr. W. WILLIAMS thanked the Right llonournble Gentle.
man for his statement, which he was sure would give satisfaction to
the country at large.
TREATY WITH THE NETHERLANDS.
In answer to a question from 3lr. IlublE, which we could not
hear on account of the noise in the House,
3lr. W. WYNN stated, as well as we coul4 collect his meaning,
that the treaty lately concluded with the King of the Nethe:
relative to the possessions of the two Powers in the East India,
stipulated that the Government of the Netherlands should cede all
their establishments on the coa.inent a India, and that the British
Government, in exchange should give up Bancoolen, the island of
Sincapore, and the town and penineuls of Malacca. The treaty
could not as yet be laid before the Home, because, by the Consu-
tution of the Netherlands, it amid not be ratiii.4 before the inert.
leg of the States, and it was nut usual In this country to lay any
treaty before Parliament until it ass ratified.
31r. HUME hoped that Ilencoolen hal riot been given up with-
out some stipulmiune for the native chiefs with whom we had en-
tered into treaty, and without security for the intermit that had
grown me during our possession a the settlement.
Mr. '4. WY NN said lie felt a difficulty in giving further ex-
planation at that time, but when the treaty ors laid on the table
in May, he expected it would Ite found that every 'petition had been
paid to the duty of Government.
SUPPL Y—Blt ITIS H 31 USEU If.
•

The House ;he; reauived itself into a Committee of Supply.
Mr. BAN KM moved that 1,:r17L be granted fee the service of
the British Museum.
Mr. 0. BENNET objected to the rote. It the statements
which had lately appeared in au article in the EdiobasoA Review
were correct—and as far as his inquiry bad gone, he was sorry to
say he had found it correct—the management a the British Mu.
scum was in a nide that required immediate attention. According
to that article, the vaults of the :linguini were like those of the
Capulets; indeed they were worse, far from them it scented there
was no resurrection. Sir Hens Sloane had left a very extensive
std line col:tenon of preserved birds, beasts, and insects ; but such
had been the want of care among the servants cf the Museum,
that they were now r tidy all destroyed by neglect anti decay.
Tare were originalli • Ise understood, 1,000 birds, about 1,006
beasts. and 4.000 iisseeta. It would be necessary to appoint a
Committee to inquire bow much had escaped the general destine.'
tiun. A collection given by • distinguished traivtllcr had shared
the same fate. No exams could be pleaded for this decay, GU ac.

Want orient of mom. If the trustees felt inownmoded, why had
they not applied to Parliement ? He had voted against the pur-
chase of Dr. Burney 's library ; but he would not therefore have
voted against preserving it after it was bought. The stores of the
31useuni were perishing in crypts unknown even to the trustees.
In other countries—in France and Holland in particular—there
were great establishments of stuffed birds and beasts, and it was
diagraceful that we haul no sum establishnient. At Parte the animals
were carefully watched as to their habits during life, and after death
a ere anatomically &eroded, and afterwards the skies were stuffed
and the bones preserved. The cort.equenee was, that the French
had an excellent schenl of comparative anatomy. A story
had been told. for which indeed he would not vouch, re-
specting the valuable collection of birds given to the Museum
by Sir Joseph Bankes. It was said that the College of Surgeons,
who were anxious to them a collection for thenitelves, had applied
to the trusters, who had referred them to take what they liked
from their vaults, in, which such large mows of curiesities were
hidden. The College of Surgeons, having selected some articles in
a state of decay and putrefaction, retreshed and beautified them at a
trifling expense, and afterwards exchanged them with 3lr. Bullo.k,
from whom they were purchased back again by the Museum at a
great charge. Many of these were beautiful specimens, and now
in high preservation ; but they would have been lost but for their
accidental possession by the College of Surgeons. Sonic change
wae necessary in the appointment of the trustees. He objected to
the scheme of official trustees. The 31LISCUIll required to be super-
intended by men of zeal and activity. The Lord Chancellor bad
lately declared, that he had been only once in hie life attending his
duty as a trustee, and that when he was compelled to be there.
The trustees seldom attended but when a new trustee was to be
elected. The affair% of the Museum were delegated to other hands.
It was notorious that many presents had been given to Bullock's
Museum in preference, because there the think were shown to the
public, and not hidden in vaults as at the 31theirn.
Sir C. LONG was surprised that the Hon. Gentleman had not
• taken a little more trouble in making his inquiry ; if he hei, he
would have found that a great part of the statements in the
Editiburglt Review had no kundation, and that the rest was so
exaggerated that it led to erroneous conclusions. ‘Vith respect
to Sir Hans Sloane's collection, it was saluted that but very few
specimens remained sound. It should be remembered that Ste
Ilene Sloane died in 1752 or 1753 ; and as lie had been some time
in making his collection, partof it, probably, had been formed a
century ago : many of the articles were butterflies and moths, and
it was not pretended that they would last much beyond frO yeas.
At present there were 70,00 e articles, the highest amount of the
collection at any period. Othae things had perished, but they were
replaced with similar artiMs. But it was said, why were not the ar-
I ticks exposed to public view? In every Museum only a few things
I were Aeon to the public. It was well known that moths and
butterflies would lose their colours front the light in a very short
time. If the Honourable Gentleman (Mr. (1. Benno) was an
entomologist, he (Sir C. Longi could promise him a high gratifica-
tion, rot only in the extent of thee dlection of die British Museuni,
but in the manner of its arrangement. If very few of Sir Hans
Sloane's articles remained, it should be bone in mind, that they
were liable to decay, and that some time had passed since their
collection. If the Ilonourable Gentleman saw the recent improve-
ments in the preservation of these articles, he would be surprised
how they had Leen kept so long under the old defective system.
The Honourable Gentleman had waited that there 1,1300 or 2,000
animate. This was a mistake. They were animals or parts of
animals, and the latter were in the proportion of sixty to one ; yet
these were all represented as entire stimuli, which had perished
through the negligence of the trustees. So much for the acenracy
of the facts on which the Honourable Gentleman had relied. With
respect to the collection of Sir Joseph P kes, his answer would be
• coinplised almoet More sentence. Nosteptiad ever been taken regard- ,
iug that collection, but at the recommendation oh Sir Joseph himself.
The lion. 31enther *aid he lbw:Lied his opinions on an article in
the /4h/burgh Review, which said that the collection at Surgeons. I
llall was bought back again by the Museum evahlishment. In-
cuiry was made on that subject by Mr. henry Ellis. a most meri-
torious officer, and the result of that inquiry was, that no cases of
birds were bought, but that he purchaeed, for a mammoth' s head,
some skins originally given by Sir Joseph Minket ; and in addi-
tion, that the amount was 371. IN. in place of 4001. as stated by
the Hon. Member. Ile did not intermit going through tile mite-
, ments in the Ediubargh lerrie:e, but he believed their general ac-
cm acy might be ascertained from its improper statement in this
particular case. The trustees of the Museum were severely dealt
with, aest very unjustly. A great miry bad jokes had been passel
off on this subject, and a label lied been even taken oil the figure
of Sir Joseph Bankes which belonged to some animal. (A laugh.)
Such a man should not he nested with such levity: and with re-
specs to the knowledge of the officers of the Museum, the trustees
had reason to be fully satisfied with it, as well as with their conduct.
• It was said that the eulogies] collection might bs found way for in the
•partirents of the officers: but to place a bear or a rhinoceros in them
could only be to insult them ; that could be the only object; and;
indeed, the whole article in the Edinburgh lUciete showed that a
disappointed candidate was not favourably inclined towards a sue.
mend rival. At the Quarterly Meetings every officer was bound
to state how he employed his time; and sub-committees were often
I appointed to settle and make all necessary arrangements. There
WAS, besides, an annul visitation to inspect the general arrange-
, meets; and, beyond that, he did not know what was to be better
, done in the way of regulation. It was said that Mr. Burchell's
collection was not to be found, even in a few years after it was pre-
eentecl. Put the answer to that statement was, that there was no
room to offer such a collection for exhibition ; and the same might
he said of the shaeciatens presented by Captains lines and Parry, and
• the Hudson's y Company. But the report ef the trustees also
addni, that measures would be speedily taken to exhibit the latter
epeeiniens to the public. The enamirece further reported, that they
begged to decline the reception of all further specimeesaintil a suit-
' able building was decided on for their reception. It was said, that
the money to provide such 'a building could be easily had; but he
feared dial the lion. %leek'. for Aberdeen would, upon a demand
for any such sum, hare put on one of his must terrific aspects of
economy, and would be perhaps supported by many country gen-
tlemen in refur•ng it. We had advantage% in the mode of collection
over France and Holland ; but they had one over us, in having
places tosit what they collected.
Captain M depo
Air It LC and Mr. 11. GunxEr each said a few words,
which were inaudible in the gallery.
" Mr. BANK ES altogether denied the truth of the statements
made by the Edinburgh Reviewer, in the article 1,0 often alluded
to. lie thought all the persons employed in the different depart-
. meets at the eluseuni were amongst the best that could be found.
Mr. G. BA NKES thought a liberal public should not leave the
individual who discovered the Sarcophagus to remain forger with-
out remuneation for his very important discovery. Mr. Salt de-
served well of every lover of the line arts, as did 51r Richards, who
was his none
31r. H 1.131 E bad no wish to deny public money for public ser-
vices, but when the sum denotnded was :00 much. he would always
resist it. Amongst the whole of the forty-three Coininiseioners
managing the British Museum, he regretted not to find one person
whose acquaintance with Botanical and Zoological subjects fully
qualified them for directing such establithments. Individual, who
were dietinguitheti in the sciences should occupy the places row
filled by such individuals as Lord Stowel, Lord Hardwieke, Lord
Colchester. and the Hon. Member for Cork Castle.
Mr. CHOKER thought, thatall public libraries should be open
to poor scholars, and that catalogues should be hail at a cheaper rate
than was now paid for them, the sum being rot less than eight or
' nine guineas. He was every day the mitre convinced that these
collections should be scp•tated from other and scientific objects,
and becoming elves assigned them. Public galleries should be
plated in the gang-way of the public, or else they would be of little
use towards civilizitig and improving the human mind, which
should be their object.
Mr. BA NKES was r.fraid that the suggestion of the Hon.
51 ember could not be fully realieed, although the trustees were as
anxious as possible to meet the public wishes on that subject. The
number of visitors had increased, and when the new quadrangle
Was built (which would be as large as Hanover- quart), he ex-
pected their number would increase.
Mr. W. 8311T11 hoped the suggestion of a cheap catalogue'
would be attended to; it would afford a matter of great convenience
to thins who frequented the Museum.
lir. CROKER said that cheap catalogues were not only useful
but necessary. In fact there was LO large baokselltr who did no:
every year publish a catalogue, and fist his interest in selling it
cheaply, and often gave it gratis. He was sure that 1001. a year
would enable the Trustees to give the public a cheap catalogue.
Mr. H.G. BENNET was satisfied, alter all lie 1.-.1 heard, that
mare efficient persons were absolutely necessary to direct the Mu-
seum. He was sure the Parliameat would not lie niggardly in
amplyproviding for such individuels. He thought, with lielfa docent
elcePlmnie the rteuentiterehtaspne Comunistiouers were the last of
all mankind who ought to be selected for directors of such an esta-
Miehment. As Bishops and Peers, the Gentlemen Countissioticrs
night be very good and proper men, Lut totally unfitted to preside
over Scientific department*.
Mr. R. 5311 T 11 hoped the:nothing which occurred in the Com-
mittee would induce the Trustee* to think themselves' precluded
from asking the Parliament tor any tither sum, if they tuought it
necessary.
Sir C. LONG thonght the public greatly indebted to Mr. Sal:,
who had expeedet: his time and his money for the discovery of some
of the greatest munierients of antiquity; and he regretted that he
should but be relequately paid. VI oh respect to the Trustees,
they were generally individuals of talent and or taste, Jibe/verging
their duty with the utmost end and fidelity. They were enxents
to do their duty to the public, and, to Gay the truth, were very little
%INDIA for it.
The resolution was then agreed to
1111811 CHARITIES.
Mr. GOULBURN 'tuned that toe sum of 4,4721. 10s. be granted
for the Society for the Suppreoden of Vice.—Agreed to.
Fcr the &foes:ion of the poet, 22.000 L
Mr. HUIIE did not grudge any sum for the education of the
Irish puny, provided the money were properly expended. If his
infatuation, however, were correct, Catholics and Protestants could
not be educated together, as the Kildare-street Establishment and
others were now connected. The object of the Government should
he to cheapen education ; and he was also of opinion, that the sums
voted should be under the control of the Catholics as well as of the
Protestants. Ile had the authority of a Catholic Bishop for retying,
that while the Sacred Scripture, without note or comment, was
continued a school hook, Catholic children would not attend the
Kildare-street Schools. Out of 10,000 Catholic children able to go
to school in one district, not 100 received any benefit from the ample
funds voted by the House for the general diffusion of education in
Ireland. Under all the circumstances, however, he would not now
oppose the grant.
Mr. I. FOSTER bring the only person connected with the
Kildare-street Asaiciation who had the honour of a seat in that
House, begged to say • few words on that stihjert. He fully agreed
with time Fourteenth Report of the Commissioners on Eclocotion.
which urged the necessity,that the Scriptures should he the basis of
education; and that pmeelytein should he altogether avoided.
The flooturable hlernber tben catered into the details contained in

the Repoet, and expressed his conviction that it was • document of
considerable importande. The evils now existing in Ireland did
not result from the want of education among the people, lout from
misdirected instruction. and so said the Commissioners. of Educa-
tion.
The former claw of schoolmasters in Ireland were generally
seditious and disleyal, and the books they taught from only contained
superstitious and loose morals, and directed the yourns minds of,
, the pupils to the lives of robbers, malefactors, and the most daring
highwaymem The number of schools in Ireland was great. but
in propirtion to their event did they epreal a moral pest lance
through the country. The object of the Kildare-street Assoc scan
was to check this. Their first step then was to introduce hoof a to
supersede those in use, and produce a better tone in the public mind,
which he was happy to bey was in a great degree carried into effect.
The former seditious trade in school-books was now nearly dune
away ; the class of echoolinasters was considerably improved, and
the number of schools increased ; in the last seven years they hod
increased from eight to eleven hundred, although their extinction
was so violently threatened. lie could say, one-half of the school.
masters of the Kildare-street Society, and three-fourths of their
scholars, were Catholics. Such a fact was die best answer to the
' statements recently :made by the Honourable Member fur Aberdeen.
Some of the Catholic Bishops objected to their mode of instruction,
but without staling explicitly their reasons. In Munster generally
the Kildare-street Ass mcistion schools had rapidly increased, which
proved the important fact, that this system was not unsuited even to
Cetholic tastes. The :society last year laid out above ten thousand
pounds in the foundation of schools, partly derived town 'private
contributions. In fact, whatever might be said against the Kildare-
street Association, lie considered it the stimulus to those exertions
made by other establishments. Some Gentlemen wished the scriptural
basis of instruction to be amended or modified; bet if that prin.
ciple were established, the country would lose the valuable services
ut those persons who now gave their attention to the Association
gratis. This was not the time, neither was it necessary to pass
any eulogium on the Scriptures being made the foundation of edu.
cation: every man was prepared to acknowledge it, and he would
not further occupy the attention of the Committee on that subject.
The nuttier of the pupils were 71.1.0(i0, of which three-fourths
were Catholics. The same might he predicated of the Hibernian
Institution; four thourand and fifty was the aggregate number of
schools in Ireland, which was an increase in a seventeen-fold pro-
portion since 1812. lie begged to add, that in supporting the
Kildare-street Society, he 'demoted all the societies which he had
ei.unmerated, and whose efforts had been so beneficial to Ireland.
(Hear, hear?.
I Sir el, NEWPORT hoped this subject would not be touched
upon un.il the Commission had been over which had been granted
on the State of Fahication in Ireland. His lion. Friend (Mr. L.
Foster) had touched upon a very disputnhle topic in discussing the
propriety of introducing the Scripture into the schools of Ireland.
That was a point which should be left for the Commisnion to de-
termine. At present the grant ought to be continued, as confi-
dence Acute' be reposes' in the Kildare-street Association, unless'
it were proved, and proved satifactorily, that such confidence ought
not to be formed in them. (Hear.)
Mr. C. HUTCHINSON agreed with Sir J. Newport in the
propriety of postponing every discussion on the Kildare-street So-
ciety, until their merits or demerits were determined by the ('out.
mission about to proceed to Ireland. He would admit that the
motives of the members of that Society were good, and that the
Society itself had rendered much service to Ireland, and were de.'
sirous of rendering more. Of scriptural education he approved,l
but did not wish that any condition should be imposed on the Ca.
tholic children which the Catholic Clergy did not approve of. It
would be desirable to have Catholic and Protestant children edu- ,
cued together, and one great means of attaining that object would I
be to make scriptural education distinct from other branches of '
useful instruction. He wished to add many other observations on
the subject, but earnestly recommended the postponement of dis-
cussion, until the effects of the Going:Minion were ascertained.
Mr. NORTH highly approved of the statement which bis Hon.
Friend f Mr. L. Foster) had offered to the !louse, and could not agree
with the lion. Members opposite, that this subject presented any
' delicate or doubuul topics, which should make them avoid discus.
*ion. He knew his countrymen well; they were an intelligent
people, and would readily understand any explanation that was
plainly given of any measure intended for their benefit ; they were
a candid people, end in that spirit of candour much confidence
might be reposed for a fair interpretation of the views and opinions
even of those who may sometimes differ from them. It was be ter
thereffire to deal with a frank nation openly. and not to adopt chat
neutral course, which declined to state the grounds of acting,
and. which, by silence oa a mr...sure, admitted there was not
reason to justify. The objections which had been urged against
discussion canted the less iota, as the discussion had not been
an irritated or angry one, but temperate, deliberate, and he might
add, even scold discussion, in comparison with the deep and lively
interest the subject was calculated to excite. Altich as he sp.
proved of discussion generally, he was, however, particularly de.
sirous that it may i.ot be thought that any Itlentheo of that Society
should shrink or be restrained by prudential motives from a dis-1
visages for which he might be himself in a degree reepemiible.
The people of Ireland. by the nature of their situation, were pus.
picious, anti required to be satisfied that they who rendered them
a benefit were sincere in their desire to serve them. The state.
mein of his Honourable Friend was calculated to create this
effect • it was characterized by the soundest views towards
Ireland. Acting under similar views, and with similar iinpres-
skins, he begged to state to the Committee the objects of the
Association with which he was connected from its first forms-
nen. At its commencement it consisted of Catholics and Piotes-
tato* indiscriminately, who agreed in the propriety of its institu.
tion, and excellence of its objects ; all petit parties were sunk and
forgotten in the desire of promoting this principle of general as*
soot'. ion, with purity of intention, and devotedness of zeal. Ile
would appeal to the candour of the Hon. 31eitiber for Aberdeen, if,
en a survey of the difficulties by which they were surrounded, this
was not the proper course to take. What was the prospect heroin
them? With the exception of Ulster, the rest of Ireland was
• immersed in thick and palpable darkness. The task of education
principally devolved on the Protestant clergy, forthe Catholic
priesthood had not undertaken the office in those parts where their
uffiuence prevailed. Neither they nor the gentry had been
awakened to a sufficient sense of its importance, and the conse-
quence was, that the schools which were to be meet with in the
highways, and along hedges, were filled with books of been-
tiousnems, and even of sedition (hear, hear) ; so that it might
be said the Nom-book of toleration was the manual cf vice.
To his own knowledge there were found in them " The
History of Moll Flanderx," " The Battle of Aughrim," with the
glories of Sarsfield and St. Ruth. There were the books to be nice
with, aed in this state was the peasantry to be found, either enve.
loped in thick darkness, or illumined only by such vivid beams of
literature as these. It was not to be wondered at, therefore, that
they were easily termed Into an undisciplined army, which dismayed
the gentry, and even appalled the Government. How then were
they to be dealt with ? • a system of education only, in which
rctigion and instruction were blended together ; tor a religion with-
out knowledge was apt to degenerate into superstition, so know-
ledge without religion was apt to degenerate into licentiousness.
As die basis of the system, therefore, it was determined that there
should be no undue interference with the religion of either Catholic'
or Protestants, and the catechisms of each persuasion were res.
pectively excluded from the schools to be established for their gene.
rid eduewtion. Unhappily for this country, unhappily for the Ca-
tholics, the laws had separated them, and the difficultiesof the new
Society were increased by the duty imposed upon theta of obli-
terating, as far as it oat proper to do so. the line of demar.
cation which the laws had drawn between them. l Hear, hear).
Accordingly, we sought n sting Catholics and Protestants toge.
thee, and knit them in io ad of mutual and close affection—to teach
them the many imperial', points in which they both agreed, rather
than the few unimportant ones in which they differed—to refer them
to the Bible, the common origin of both Christian creeds, and to
induce the children, in their delicate and tender years, to kneel
around and drink at the fountain, before they tasted of the di-
vergent streams which flowed from it. (Hear, hear, hear.) The
advantage of the warm of educating Protestant and s;atholic ,
getner the new Society had already seen tried at the Univereity of
Dublin. 'they had witnessed its success in the students there,
whom they saw forgetting the dietinctioos of sect in a COMMOTI sys-
tem of instruction and in the emulative pursuits of philosophy. In
forming thin Society the Protestant gentry were of course consulted,
and in the fiwniation of it they bore a principle share. Indeed no
system of education or scheme of policy could or ought to be intro..
decal into that country without their omits' co-operation. (Htar,
bear.) And a principal object of this Society was to give the gen-
try a greater !foment in the humbler classes of society, and to briog
the landlord and tenant to tertusofa friendlier intertoune, who had
before bred, in ninny parts of Ireland, in the relation of lord Hied
slave. As a proof of the good enacts oldie system of the associasioe,
he moutd refer to the improvement which milwa)'s accommthieel the
entablishment of these schools, in whatever part of the country
they were introduced. Dispensaries and other charitable institu-
dons were found in their neighbourhood. The gentry took a
livelier interest in their tenantry—the inumantry were happier, and
the face of the court appeared like a spot rescued from the waste
around an oasis rising amid the desert. The Catholics objected
to the introduction of the Bible into schools without note or contmer.t„
as not temeis,ent with the docrihe and tenets of their faith. Ile I
was disposed to dispute the fact, and !clewed tor a refutation of it
to the ensinled attendance of Catholic children at the schools, and
the multiplication of them throughout the country. It it were not
so, then indeed the arguments of those who orposed the see kty
would be unanswerable. Ile rememberri when it was thought the
height of liberality to permit the reading of the Protentato Bible
witnout note or comment, and now it was contended by the saute
persons atter the totes and comments bad been dispensed with,
that It was the height of bigotry to have the Bible read at all.
The Dooley version wax all that was admitted to be introduced into
the schools, where preferred This was a Bottom Catholic version
of the Scripture. The Catholic laity approved of the system of
the Kiklarinntreet Association, although he wide-mood sonic of the
clergy disapproved of it. The lion. Gentleman quoted an opinion
of Lord Clarendon, to the effect that the clergy were not always the
best judges in measures that related to the welfare of the people,
and proceeded to express his hopes that the Coinmission about to
proceed to Ireland would not (tutor!, the society which had there
conferred such extensive service* as he and his Hon. Friend (Mr.
Foster) had stated. When confidence was once reposed in a public
body, it was unwise to disturb or 'thane it. From the statement
of his Honourable Friend, it appeared there were six hundred
masters humbly plying their Moore for the improveneet t of the,
peasantry ; the number of scholars were averaged at seventy-nine
I thousand, and these were reared up not in a century—not in half
a century—but as it were within a few days ; and in less time even
(to use an expression of Lord Bacon) than " the hour-glass of one
man's life." It' this system were, however, to be discontinued, he
would not wish better memo to the eines of the Commission about
to proceed to Ireland, that they would erect another in its stead,
equally exrellent and equally calculated to pionlote the religious
sod mural immtetion of the general populatien of Ireland. (Chem.).
Sir J. NEWPORT briefly explained, aid expressed satisfaction
with the explanationsgiven by the Hon. :Member (Mr. North).
The grant to the Kffilare-otreet AtewAation was then arced to.

I Mr. GOULBURN then proposed 27,0001. fur tho Found
Hospital.
Mr. HUME wished to know if there were any intention to tr.-
due. this establishment?

Mr. GOULBURN observed that, but for such an establishment,
the greatest misery would arise ; and that a reduction could not ha
damned expedient.
Mr. HUM E said, that in Scotland, where they had also 00 Dow.
rates, no such institutions existed ; but, in eithe- country,
enuragement were given, plenty of candidate+ would be found.
The question was, whether the Foundling Hospital was not at
ir.centive to vice, rather than a beneficial institution.
Sir. J. NE WPOR r thought the subject was, at all events, ivec.
thy the considersti. n of the Government.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. GOULLit"ItN next proposed 10,0001. in aid of the schools
supported by voluntary conintutions.
Mr. lIUME asked, whether the sum were given to a society, or
how it was disposed of ?
Mr. GOULBURN replied, that it was given to those schools
which were suoporual by voluntary contributions, but which the
Government diemed it expedient to

Mr. J. SMITH wished to know if the schools were exclorively
Protestant ?

Slr. GOI7LBURN said that there was not any objection to ca.
thelies, as well as Protestants, receiving the benefit of the grant.
He believed that the greater number who received it were Protest-
ants, because Protestants were the greatest contributors to thew*.
port of the schools.
sir. S. RICE knew that in some instances an arrangement Lid
been made which destroyed the principle laid down by the Right
Honourable Gentleman.

Sir J. NEWPORT wished that the grant should be, as it was
intamled by the noose to be, equally &OM:tilt:end to the beneth of
Pmtemant and Catholic.

Ir. GOtilAlL HN said, that by on Act of LO Geo. 111. Bishops
were required to be a party to the grant ; but that they only 'tithed
to select the trustees, and relinquish all interference with the
schools.

Mr. HUME said, he was sorry the sum was a large, and kail
lately increased from three to ten th..uslnd pounds. The general
intentacn was, that it should be applied equally to the bentfit
uf
Catholic and Protestant; but the fact irse, that it was net soap.
plied, but too frequently used fur the patronaAm of the Protestant
church. Ile thought its misfortune that soy farther weight should
be placed into the be.lance of the .Protestant clergy, who had been
%hewn to be unworthy of it Ile would ask, how could the House
place confidence in the Bishops, after their having been so mach
foresworn in not paving that attention to the schools which they weer
bound by their oaths to do ?
Mr. (GO( LBURN said, that the acenunta of the receipts and
expenditures all lay upon the table.
Mr. C. GRANT said, that in the apportionment of the put.
the Government had exerted itself to carry into effect its betzliet;
intvntions and had succeeded in so doing, except in the miner
I points which had been alluded to. It was certainly unfortunate
for these schools that they had not in the House a Member whew
I eloquence could support them, as the lion. Member (Mr. Nark
I had supported the Kildare.street Society, because intimately an
quainted with their abets.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Al. G. BENNET moved, that the House report progress, and
obtain leave to sit again.
The Report was therefore ordered to be received toanorrow) this
day), and tne Committee to sit again on Wednesday.
I Mr. Ilf.S.q.BU RN moved for lave to bring in a Bill to declare
the stealing of Records in Ireland larceny. He explained, that
the reason for lila so doing was, because the Record Office is
I Dublin had been robbed of many valuable documents by a person
who swept the apartments, and who sold them as common parch.
ment. The Judges had decided that the law did not take cogti,
ranee of it, and his present object was to prevent such occurrences
in future.

After a few words from Mr. HU3IE, in opposition, leave was
git en to bring in the Bill. . _

- The other-orders of the day were then disposed of ; and the
House adjourned at a Quarter put Twelve.

NOTICES OF MOTIONS (THIS DAY.)
Lord A. listudzon—To Teter Reports of Corumiationers of
gutty on Fees of Courts of Justice to Scotland to a COLLlllliitttld
the whole liouse.

Lord Viscount Althorp—Bill to Settlement by Hiring aril
Service.

Mr. Ellis (of Dublin)---Bill to explain and amend At 11
Geo. 111. for better ascertaining the Amount and securing the Pay.
meet of Bills of Ccsts of Prixtuts in Prerogative and Admiralty
Courts.

Mr. Gipps—Till for the better Employment of Apiculture! L.
bourers in the Winter wawa.

Air. T. Courtenay—To refer Poor.tate Returns for the Yua
ending the 25th 3larch, 1023, to a nrlect Committal.

°HOBBS OF TUI DAY.
Bristol and Taunton Canal Bill—uecond Reading.
Aliens Bill—Second Reading.
Usury Laws Repeal Bill—Corornittee.
Game Laws Amendment Bill—Conunittee.
Barrack Department Pr. perry Bill—Committee.

FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE.

FRENCH PAPERS.

[From the ENik of Sundk,'s date.l
PALI', MAWR

A vessel, which left Constantinople, and arrived s% Odessa in the
abort apace of forty hours, has brought the hopeless/it revs, arid
which is very disastrous for the Porte, that Mohammed Ali Pun.
Viceroy of tgypt, has thrown off' the mask and declared kilnslf e.
dependent. It was expected for some time put at Consaetinork,
that this enterprising n.an was meditating sonic project of that as
scription. This was the reason the Turkish Government vislail
to weaken his power, and deniarded of him an auxiliary corpse'
10,000 men, but Mohammed conceived it time to delare
dog:berg Gozette.
[From the Courtier Franc-All
PARIS, MARCH 26.
The Journal des Debate had promised that the trajorty of the
House would be very moderate. Some mur.archical Joninds hear
confirmed this promise, by anrouncing that the lioyali,ta, rutin
of a triumph which cannot be contested, you'd constantly dupsy
the calmness and dignity becoming their strength, and that the roe-
*Amines@ of superiority would not make them deviate from lie
path of equity and moderation. What must we think as ae. of
these ptomises ? 11 c behold the Dtputica of the Cote Dmit lend-
ing the benches of the Cote Gauche, a eircun s a ee wh ch night
have the lappet rice of an innocent loquiderie, it the real sill! vas
not to separate the Members of the opposition from ore owner.
and to prevent them from communicating and concerting viitedr•
Does this combine' im of 42U Deputies, against lti o: thrice-
leagues, bear the character cf that dignity which was to infirm:
the conduct of the majority ? This proceeding towards tie opt
tion was attended with a vulgar joke, rtpor.ed by a 31iinceis
paper, which has not been contradicted.
I'he Lerite states, that several deputies of the majority used die
expre,sion, Nam/ La refouter *sr Gs rest Igoe (Ste must ihnia
them back upcn the morintain). Where is there to be food"
sentiment of berevolenee and moderation which the conseinsurs
of their superMrity was, according to some journals, to irspirette
Royalists with ? In sheet, the grossest irregelarit et hare at
grisrewrwicdhthe mnajgowritit
;huaLud confi
the inniitotfritahie,geleperteiiennroci
nth; un► t 7,
admissit nof General Foy to be adjourned, and to-day 'mete
member of thet sante majority wives-A the qualification of Feast.
man to a deputy who has sat in the house during several Jan,
whoa rights have never been disputed. It is thus that the sus r 1
and the most numerous party put into ptartire the rules of e,ui%
[From the Costatitstiousei.l
PARIS, Mitten teg.

It is affirmed that a camp for !vat mai trurres is .bout to
Ginned in the vicinity of Versaillv*. Government, it iv repent.
has hired a lot of ground, upon which is to be assembled 12.U5
lantry and a complete train of artillery.
Alr. Brown, who *upervedes Air. Gallatin asAmha.sadorfO
the United Stutra to the Court of France, arrived at Clurboto
three days ago, un board the frigate Cyare.
Madrid Journals of the Iroth instant contains decree of the Kiu,
which creates a general military college for the infantry. artilkr!
the cavalry, and the enginery. This college shall be established
one of the principal towns of the kingdom. Amongst the inflame.
able addresses from the communes el the kit.rdom, some of the
have proved 113 absurd, that the Spani,h Government has pi
bited, by a decree. the addressing heneutnrth of similar documeo
This decision does honour to the good sense of the Prailvt
Camille, who has urged it

a.. 10
171(
1311
fr.
Rev
1111:
