NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.

DEAL. SEPT. 27.
Bailed yesterday His Majesty's ship Ant rive, Ci.m.
Isadore Sir Sidney Smith, on a cruise; and the Dili-
iron sloop of war, for Yarmouth.
Came down from Sheerness the Shade sloop of war;
and remains in the Downs with the rest of the ships,
as per last.
This morning, Rear-Admiral Douglas struck his
llbig on board the Leopard in the Downs.
SEPT. 28.
Came down His Majesty's ships Woolwich and
affrira. from the River.
' Sailed His Majesty's ships Speedy, for Dunge-
ness; ;Festal and Ca&kg, on a cruise..—Wind N.E.
PORTSMOVTH, SEPT. 27.
Sailed, the Mira frigate, with the Diana And Al-
Sion East Indiamen, for Madras. The Diana is the
ship, of the last convoy, which put back to Cork,
damaged ; and she ha; again lost convoy, as,
through some circumstances unknown, she could not

proceed, although the Malta lay to off St. Helen's,
an bent for her. She is main in a state of preps-
ration to proceed, but the 31alta and A/6i.)4, are
out of sight.

SrPT. '2B.
Arrived the William store ship, from the East-
ward ; Drazas man of w.tr ; and the MoJey gun-
brig, from a cruise.
Sailed the- &eh bomb, with a convoy for Ply-
month.—Wind N.E.

attester).
Off Pottsninuth—ohe R inns, ferrie; frnm St. Vine•ur..
At Loverpool—the Orem. Tnther, from Nrw 15,111,wiric:
Merrarrt, Rowers from Charle.tots ; and the Wat.on, Leake;
from Arehargel.
In the Ckde—the Jean. Wilkie, tom Antigua; and the
Ajax, Stewart, (Pon S' Vineent'o.

.
At Caarleaton—tbe Either, Irani and the Anel, Bator,
barn Africa.
At Tertoia—thelfancoart. tom the coast of Afr.ca.

EAST INDIES.

CEYLON (Nrr LI IGENCE.

Zit, set of a Letter dated on 13,•1r et Ilk M.,jmity'sallipShoernelic,
it Trincomalee, Dr-. CI.
" I presame, long ere this can reach yott, you
;nest have heard of the unfortunate aceident w:iii-it
happened to His Majesty's ship Shrflgeli. Captain
the Hon Lord George Smart, of which the follow-
ing are the particulars : On the Sth instant, the slip
was working nut of Trineosnallee harbour, in com-
pany with the Transports. consisting of the Caro-
led/is, Lane ; Moser', Daw:on ; Bar-
. bee; For,it,ale, Hughes ; Vipitaxr. Ward :
"Irwin's*, Hodge, ; and G-ei Itu,trro, Kitson.
.—One of the ships, the .1(7..,e, Daw on, vel.ilst the
Sbeerness was in the as of staying, came stern on,
with top-gal'ant sails, aud sail set, going through
the water, at nearly four kn• :in hour; the force
with which she struck she Sh•esri,t, and the con-
cussion she receivA, not only cariied away her
asizen-mast by the board, and main-yard in the
slings, but ahs:lutely forced her top-sides in, on the
quarter and main-deck, and started most of the
treenails on the lower gut -deck, and by the fall of
the misen-tnast, carried away all the mizen-channels,
with a part of the main-channel; and, in short,
every bolt and chain, from the after-part of the main-
mast to the quarter gallery (which, by the bye, was
ton away), are broken to pieces. Whilst the ship.
swere entengle4 the Saantess WAS under the necessity
of letting go her best bower-anchor, from which she
infortunately parted. when they were not more than
a cable's length from the Rocks ; bur, on letting go
*second anchor, she very providentially hrnught up,
but so near to Mat Me Point, as to threaten the ship
with inevitable destruaion ; and from which situa-
tion, they were compelled to warp tlie ship up
a-breast of York Island. in the inner harbour.
On the 7th ii.stant. the illiatrest arrived her:,
from Cot ing a, which tore charge of the cnnvoy, and,
after the Itlyse!v had repaired 11.:r damages, the
whole saled, on the t Sth instw.t.
I think it extremely probable, that the Sheerer:
will be ordered round to Bombay, for repairs ; of
which, even previous to the accident, she was much
in want.
The few artificers that this place affords, delay
the repairs very much • it is, therefore, likely, the
*hip will not he ready for sea in less than a month
or five weeks, and than, only, with a temporary
re, air.

The frißouing mel.inchnly acciyunt of the suffer-
ings and death of two Officers, and part of the
crew of the Hon. East Intim Company's late cruiser
Fly. is 'waited from a letter tv. a Gentleman, lately
strived in Calcutta, from Bombay, in the slip Caul-
k

" The Qsreen arrived here last week with dis-
patties. Pcor Youl I after being taken by the dr-
same Arabi, war carried to the coast of Arabia with
a Mr. I.patie, Mr. Flower, and thirteen Europeans,
part of the crew of the Nu ; the whole of whom
suffered great hardships, and were aelually sold for
slaved but, through the intercession of a Wahabie
Chief, who had been among the Erigheh (when they
were on the point of being sent up the country on
camels, which came down on purpose for them),
they were released from slavery ; and, a few days
afterwares. those who had survived the ill treat-
ment which they received, and the severity of
hunger, subsisting only on a scanty allowance of
dates, end, now and then, a few cockles, n•lrich they
reeked up on the beads, together with exposure to a
burning sun or violent rain, were permitted to oc-
cnny a corner of a boat going to the Persian shore ;
r twit ten of whom arrived safe at a place near
Nockbelno, and thence shaped their course towards
Bushire, begging a little food as they went along ;
the relief, however, obtained by this :repeal to the
humanity of the few whom Providence threw in
their way, being but trifling, was equally divided.
Tool, Lamle, Flower, and one or two of the men,
ke,,t i, ether, end luckily, a boat or dow going to
Bushire. came tu•ar the shoe-, and they got on board
of her : the day aft( rwards a fewer attacked poor
Youl 1 ht. lingered tour days, completely worn out;
and I regret, that I rusts .I.4ti, he died the Jay before
the boat got to BuJure. Mr Flower died the clay
alter they got to Bushire. Mr Loane has arrived
here so the germ, and fears, that, of sixteen Euro-
peans, only t,.r have survived. Poor if,,ul was
once with/ '• .. e I (if Bombay, and lit::e
Onoght 7" •Ar . re that Was ire octal4 •
,t ,
1-. ....‘ .
.. so
' 11
....,..\- 4 - • , ,
1'

111711

.I.MP4ON
