BAYONNE Nk:AVS.

teceived the following rtterday:—
BAToxNE. )lAe Ia

(bar Liters from Madrid, of the 10th inst., state that capital to
be sill pretty tranquil ; but it may be apprehended that the calm
will be interrupted if the Spanish police should often take the
liberty, as it has lately done, of arresting Frenchmen, on the
roma or the pretext of their being freemasons. This arbitrary
ast has imitated all the French, who are not accountable for their
conduct to arty but he military authorities. An the Swiss treat
the tiutiiards very ill, it is said that General Pieren has resolved
That the garrison of Madrid shall be composed of French only. Fo
amuse the people, they are to be again indulged with their favourite
efivereion et bull-fights.
The King,. by • Decree, has created a new WO( of five mil-
lia:11. of epala in favour of the sinking fund. A person arrived
from Valencia says that a person had just died there with all the
spoptotasof the yellow fever. The prisons of that city eontintiv to
befall. it is Certain that order have been given to evacuate Car-
thame. Every possible precaution is taken to prevent the intro
deletion of suspicious goods. The great heat which is already
felt on tbc roust of the Menliterrarean excites well-founded appre-
hensions.
it is said that the Moors have gelled on Ceuta. The drolott•
inch throughout all Spada that the harvest this year will be
nest to nothing, and accoeingly the price of pain has nearly
doubled, t and there Is no saying where the rite nay stop, especial!y
is speculator. should interim. u is to be apprehended.
distress of .the people is at the heist: (Jr, li,ov:ver abste.
shim, they may be, they still require swim little fond, which
they ^snot procure, being destitute of every kind .4 resource.
It In affirmed that it it not the Moors, but the English, who have
token possession of Ceuta, with a view to make a second Gibraltar
pf
It Is reported that there have been some disturbances at Contorts,
on occasion of the return of some prisoner. The fact scent.
to be that some of theta have been killed et Tolosa. and it in
sail that all the others are hastening back towards France. It
•••sas slimed there yesterday evening that all the militiamen.
shit were to returnto Spain, have received orders suspending their
eeparture.
The accounts rim Li•bon by this channel are of no later date
au those previously received ; they agree in attributing it to the
• :•aitiess and unanimity of the foreign Ambassadors that King John
spas preserved his throne.

TRIUMPH OF TERSTMINSTER AND PURITY

.6F ELECTION.

T*.e tlertors of Westminster celebrated the Seventeenth Annl..
Tertiary of their independence yesterday, at the Crown and Anchor
Tavern, Strand. Where were nearly lOU peT ons present, among
whJni were air Francis Burdett, Wirt. 31. P., Lord Nugent, 31. P.,
Joseph lime, Esq. M.P. J. lAmbton. Esq. M.P., 31.
erlaelo and MI. Loriotis, thetwo lireek Deputies to this country,
who tame to fineuace the death of Lord Byron, J. C. Whitbread,
Eig..sl•P«, J.B, Aback, Esq. 31. P., Colonel Johnson, 31. P.,
Junes Burdett, Esq., - ifoneywood, Esq. 31. P., &c.&c.
Sir F. rstrki,E.l r took the Chair.
The cloth having been removed, Sir Francis proposed
'fho People, the only source of legitimate power, which was
vieunic with duet times.three.

Su Yrentis, then pee—
" The king, and way he never forget bis own deelaratioo, that
the Crown is held fur the benefit of the people."
" The only remedy for our grievances—a full, fair, free, and
*nal terweaannition of the people in the Commons House of Par.
Lament."
XL ADAM then rose and said, that he was about to propose the
bealh of an nil friend, and what was better, an old friend but not
with a ew face. I ndeellit fated that when he should leave them
thte„never Would look upon his like again. He would not detain
them fain the pleantre the tout would give them, and should
iii refire
„." TheilliToli--pposer.of Paslisoinitary oppression, the powerful
tril ,tatetent "delicate of Ream, our worthy Representative, Sir
Feuds Bunted."
The elreets 'with 'er'hicli this toast was received were loud, long,
end alattsfailie.
sir Figurer* &IDE?? said it could not bat be in the highest
d egvee gratifying to his feelings, that after so long a connexion with
theta, be sfill received their approbation, founded, as he was as-
sured it wiyi, cei that principle of justice which the electors of West.
:tenter übiformly acted. He had met with the same cordial and
tiattering reception in very different times, and ander very different
carestuitsanca—,tiates of great danger, and circumstances of pees.
liar allicalty ,-. and it was a proud thing to him, that be could now
*tet with a like reception as when he first had the honour of being
krottp to thep. In the few wards with which Mr. Adams had in.
tlindeortt his health, that gentleman seemed to say, that after hal,.
;r.g gone through so and perilous duties, and having en.
,iountered sonic of the.efterra of an irresponsible Ministry, he
sieved to see'. that some indulgence was due to him (Sir F.) He
Iti' db claim qn their indulgence. If they believed that his ab.
tin* fro& thelfouse of Commons in the last Session of Puha-
'bine era% bdt Ibr the good of the people, and that his duties as
their ,ikepitesetuatiet were neglected by a seeming remissness,
lia. (geld . moue than, that had such a feeling been known
tp . i4m.they .would sot have found him shunt. But he need
eel stale to thew, that a constant attendance in the House of
theallite's; pa at present constituted, was merely nugatory ; indeed,
ienitheeassisted to keep up a deception ; and he had very great
denst,dhedta it was not better to forbear altogether attending
t Aa.;.i. llan to amnesiacs the present defective system, by their'
sembiag acquiseace; in short, he doubted whether it would not
Lk reoee wise (hat the yoke should weigh heavy on their necks,
tesn that they shotild, by constant practice, accustom themselves to
Loser its degraingtMethen. This he would assure them, that when.
ertrany alreatenertion should be required, all that was in his
poser to accomplish, every effort that he could make, should be at
t)Fir comtnar.4. The question of reform, which had been nub°.
fled in the trait' was not only so trite, obvious, and familiar to the
Ault people or Eitglend, but was a subject so well understood,
1-.. i ; ablf supported by the wisest statesmen, and the ablest con-
stitutiocii wihers,dhat it would be an abuse, and a waste of time,
t 4emer very roily ypen it. Yet it was necessary to say something,
border to cottrince that phalanx of men, who opposed all that was
Iteerair.thatat oligarchy now ruling over this country,
weitt eiv trier *le disregard to the dearest interests of freedom,
to convince them that the people of England were deeply impressed
wins rive principle, that without reform no effectual check could be
gteautoylkie niters. But this was a question so will and tho-
•:aoglk discussed. that it required not any arguments front him to
ettfAhlf iti truth upon their tninds. Reform in Parliament was the
odlir Amos of enabling the people to control the power set over
tisin'for tear et.e and service :—a power originally created by
theme:Ws, sad which ought therefore ever to be subject to those
aal.tibteg checks which the interests of the people, front time to time,
reit:pito be exercised. To have checks upon Government was to
hued lefree Coestituthm ; not to have checks was to be in slavery,
be-WA gaiety/ he mare or lem of wisdom, or more or less of vio-
lable: Jethro Blackstone had written on this question; and though
• be. Inas encietelbeed to oppose the powers that were, yet m,
ttiev ys, web had been the declension of politic principle, and
aticife ascendancy of arbitrary power, that his works, compared
with s acs of the present day, were what would be denominated
rash jmobinical. Thstleamed writer laid it down as a Constito- ,
none( axiom, that the people a ere a part of the Legislature. The
prineeple was, that the people were all present at making the law.;
theft the fact was not so was obvious, but such was the principle.
AqXil w'as equally °lsnot', that a free people now. have some
i.oorer oter their Rulers, and be able to put bridles on their
governors, or the people would themselves ;wear chains. 1t.,:
u :faunetely for them, their Governors made their men rules,
ar4altetnelesaly, and he would add shamefully, called themselves
t.ae frienJA of the people, while by all their nteeaures they were
making themselves the enslavers of them. To mention only a few
of raise arts, which it would make every honest Englishman
MAN to look at, and which to put upon the statute-book their
enamor wmild have dreaded to have done—the existence of
wltiela Acts went to prove that the ruin of the nation could only lie
coesuum4l, I, es the gloat Lord Burleigh hid said, by an Eng-
lad( Moto. c of CiltPllloWo : in addition to the ;six Acts, which, in
the ierith 3, tar of pc ice, the Ministers had not had the demet)! to
:Adel,' et.-re (elmd here in England, a country a!itch had eve.-
beei tbe 'asylum of the unfortunate, and had ever sheltered tits
chile food the lot act of (reign tyranny-.even here we had the
A Ito itt , %elicit he (sir IMacis) called a part of the Covemmeht
ot rd.: eorntry, .1 pent( iitation, as far as they dared participate,
.1 tile 'principles of the Holy Alliance. The plea for this
Ace tree WWI, ti-.lt it 11/...4 a protection from the spirit of
1 ie ~!,:n ,1:, trees,. ieil , .r.ce wax adverse to the peace and satety of
:et., tiusree of England, but tlity were now told that suit was not
'the ob.;sr; ter wilted it ea. to lie continued ; that its present enact-
3::.'lit v. 4. ;.1 noted Dote; tl r Irrintiple of preventing seditious to.
rei.ners f, ~m harlesoing here that base principle to prevent fo-
ru'rers te line to th di country to plot against their own. This
was a poli-7 he 17101 t •,tr.w.g!y deprecated ; England ought not to
I av cssty tiMg to do with:melt measures: they ought dot to be
1: ..e:tt tie. litgli police of the Continent. lie was sure that if the
1',..:t !e 4.' i:dgland were fairly represented they, would nut forfeit
0 ••.' r'et-ru :er amongst foreign nations which they had so long
I :r• fit- all that eas greet, and liberal, and enlightened,—a che-
m.-La that rot only regardod Its owe liberty but the liberty of every
eiteeile..hetlieg that the eause•al beechen was a twin:nal cease,

and admitting no distinctions of nation or climate : but now it
seemed all this was to he lost, after the many ye to of war and the
incurring of eight millionsof debt for supporting a monarch's cause,
and placitag him on the them, of Pearce, which monarch now
treated them, he could not help saying, just as they deserved. Yet
there was a nation to which they yet might tern, and shew that
their character was not quite lost to that feeling of generous +lnt-
pithy towards the unfortunate brave—he meant Greece. slay
they realise in that country all that the heart of a freeman could
yearn after. In ineteioning Greece there was a name connected
with h which was deer to every friend of libertv—.a name which, at
the same time that it called up to them recollections most grateful
and pleasitig to the mind, sins at that moment calculated `n
ex-
cite teelinfe. of great TC-Tret, yet he trusted, not of deepair—a name
' dear to this country—a name that would be horded down to pee-
; terity in connection with the brightest and hest amociations_a
I name, in short, that had about it all duet genius and patriotism,
and an uncalculating philanthropy, could ennoble and make hope-
; it was iinpossible to mention the cause of Greece
and rot to have one's heart reverberate with the name of Byron!
(Cheers.) And though overpowered in a great ilegrec at the con-
templa•ion of that mighty mime which, when they considered all
that was comprehensive in intellect, all that was sublime in genius,
all that was great in patriotism, they could not but fed that the cause
of Greece had sustained a most serious loss • yet they were not to
he disheartened, hut to perievete in their efforts towards the work
that had thus been so nobly ceponeel ; and, though under
very different ciministanees, be trusted the result waled be what
that great man, whose name he had mentioned, had so ardently
aimed at and desired. It was melancholy to lieek at the other parts ofj
Europe. and to think of Italy, a country of superior refinement
and intelligence where the most tyrannical and the most stupid'
power was grinding down the people; and to ti iak too tied England
should aid this !--to think that the Slinisters at the ten • nt peace
might have secured the freedom of that country. and yet at that
moment that land of arts and genias was, in common with other ,
pow era of Europe, labouring under the hand of ignorant arbitrary
power. It' ith regard to the foreign policy of this errantry, he was
not inclined to fall in with the general panegyric of the slay. If
some reduction of taxes had been efiletel, and some less rigorous ;
menetires had been acted upon by Cite el trashy, yet he could rot
forget that mien of exactions which for so many years had been pear-
heed upon England. It had been said at one time by those ,
who had an interest in keeping up the system of comup.
lion, whenever Reform was promeeml, that the petitions of
the people were only the result of their distresses ; another time,
the season was unfit for imitating the eunetion, foe It was war—
and :hey asked how could you think- of doing such a thing
now ? ISnt now peace WaS arrived—this was not the hurricane .
t1e..111, as it was staid. when they were not to repair their
housed ; Mut now was the time for all the peolde of England
in eines forward, whn, having seen that there (veld be no,
liberty nor equal law unites a Reform in Parliament was cf-
f icted, ehoold unite niore strenuously than ever, to demand !
that only good and efficient measure. It had been said that the
friends of reform could not agr, upon any particular mode; it
would be sell if some •ilan cull be proposed on which all Fe.;
fernier, roeil agree, and thus deprive those who objected to go
into a Cennuittee until some steed& plan was suggested. It ap-
peorea to hint, Sir Francis, that there hod been a plan marked out
of that kind, which possessed a character eeleuleted to unite all
the Ite:onitis,a; it was of a moderate kind, and partook of prin-
ciple, that were hieltly eattoary—he meant that
.plan proposed by
his lion. Friend, Mr. letaibton, in the last Sermon of Parliantene,
the groundwork of which was—household tranchise--trionnial
elections, and voting is districts, so that a general election might be
over in one day. In Well lie hod proposed a plan upon, as he
thooght, itrefutable priaciples—le meant universal suthage aud
minted parliaments ; but to effect something practical it was ne-
cessary that each man must yieldtiontething of his own particular
opinions, and he therefore thought CIA no one was so likely to pro.
duce that good as the one propo,e,t by his lion. Friend, having the
advantage of being what i. termed imederate,and which ought to meet
witn the approbation of the people. Should this be so, he should
wish petitions to be sent up front all parts of the country, demand-
ing that species of reform, and (111/I he thongtst they should see acme
protection of the people, eery dilftient from what could lie derived
from the present Ministers and from the Acts of the Statute Book.
Ile would tow refer to a measure which was then in progress in
the House of Commons—he meant the ('aunty Courts Bill ; and
which was intended to curtail the time of proceeding and the ex-
penses ; the greatest objection was to that part of it which made so
many provisions for the gentlemen of the bar. It had been the
habit to joke in speaking of the bar, but be was happy to say, that
he believed the bar never possessed more integrity, more talent,
more honour, than at the present time. lie said this because they
bad many of that honourable profession in the ranks of the He.
corinists, and there were then before hint men who had given an
earnest both of their integrity and talent, and which he hoped
would aot only be for the benefit of the country but for themselves
also. If they approved of the plan of Reform which he had men-
tioned, and of the measures he had taken the liberty to recommend
for its promotion, he was sure the electors of Westminster would
not be backward in adopting it, by which means he trusted they
would arrive at that happy state of liberty and peace that would
prevent their gmernors from distressing the people abroad, and
from oppressing their fellow-countrymen at home.
J. Cs. Lennie o se. Em. rose to propose the health of J C. Bob-
, house, Esq. Ilia friendship for that gentleman would not permit
hint to enter much into his merits, but he could say that he was
worthy of being their representative, and a colleague of Sir F. Bur-
dett, and in saying this he considered he had ascribed to him all
that was worthy of a Member of Perliament and an Englishman.
" The steady friend of reform, the constant advocate of the rights
of the peoples our other worthy liepresentatire, J. C. Hobhouse,
Mr. If onitouse said he was truly sensible of the honour done
hint by the tetras and the manner in which they had drank his
health, and that be felt the claims which the people of Westmin-
ster, and, if he might venture to say it, the people of England had
upon him for all that he could do. It wail not for the friendship of
any particular men, or for mere praise, that he sought, but for the
approbation of men capable of judging and reasoning for them-
selves; and he thought it was a suffident tradesony that the
principles he had adopted. were correct, and that he had
not altogether failed in carrying them into action by the very une-
quivocal manner in which they had just drank his health. ll'hat
his 114.-4 Colleague bad said was so true respecting the great ques-
, tion they were met together upon, that it was not necessary for him
to repeat it. It had beet said that their present state of prosperity
had done away with the necessity of the cause they had hitherto
espoused ; but he thought they were begging the question to :em-
pose that their comparatively peaceful and prospeents situation
had left them nothing to advocate; they bad something still
to inspire the true friends of liberty, and in spite of the taunts
and sneers that had been thrown out against them' and the
many tittle pleasantries that had been attempted to be playeall
upon what was called the sinecure of a Parliamentary lie.
former, and the statement that the spirit bad died away, be
had only to look around him and to behold his constituents there
assembled, at once to refute so groundless and futile an assertion.
lie had baud it said in Parliament that there never was, since the
Revoletion, such a union among all parties of the people. lie
granted that there was an occasional period of repose horn the
labours of Constitutional warfare with corruption. Some time was
necessary for relaxation; but what had that to do with their meeting
' there that day ? After reverting to the policy of the Ministers as re-
; girded Ireland and the European Continent, the Hon. Goat. adverted
to Greece, and said, let us not despair ; the cause had taken root in
Greece, and let us 'thaw ouradmiration to our noble countryman, not
in mere praise, but by following his noble example : let us convince
our friends, die Greeks here present with us to-day, that there is a
nation, if not a Government, who will still advocate the cause of
freedom for mankind, and oppose the tyranny of the despots of the
East, protected, as they may deem themselves, by the long lapse
of age.. 'l'o that cause I will ever be true—l have no interest to be
otherwise, and if I had, the fame of having one's name linked in so
glorious ail enterprise is enough to countebalance all other feelings; it
is not to epftemeral praise to which we look; it is that our names may
j go down to posterity, blended with the history of deeds whose
benefits to the world will never cease. Lord Nugent then proposed.
•• Slesineure terlatido and Luriotis, and the independence of
Greece." - -

Jl. 01!LANDO rcturnedthanks in Greek. Ile said, " We cannot
sufficiently testify to you the joy and gratitude which we exp.--
icnce in seeing a nation so great as yours advocating the regenera-
tion of our country, which has been for so many ages under the
scourge of despotism. We were sure that in our attempt to gain
freedom we should have your Christian hearts with us, ani all the
wise and good friends of Biscay :throughout the world. Accept,
gentlemen, front us and our country. our thanks to you, and con-
Untie your prayers in behalf of our efforts and our country."
Sir F. Be IDE'ET then. in a speech which space will not allow.
us to give, proposed- " The ituntortal memory of Lord Byron, the
great Imminent of the liter:dere of this couutry, the realm* patriot.
and universal advocate of the political and religious rights of
mankind."
The toast was drank in silence.

tar YR-A.;4 Lambton, Esq."
Cllr. La Mtil. N expressed his thanks. Ile said that he coal I
not help sigreete.g with the Hon. Baronet that it was completely
useless in keeping up that—he knew not what to call it—unless by
the fantirar rtirase, Ilumbug—in going to a house where all was
a matter of coarse routine piece of work, and the cause of rational
fretiltim had au ai chance. 'rhat had been his declared opinion last
yc..r, sad liestill abided by it, In allusion to what lie hail done last
year, in bringing forws.rd the plan of Reform mentioned by the
On. Barmier, he hail done it that there might be a rallying point
for the kethrmers. All that he asked was extended Barrage ; he
war willing to go further than that plan proposed, but he would
not gis-t his assent to my thing short of it. The lion. Gentleman
the., commented on the conduct of Ministers towards Ireland, and
seed it sas a part of tliat system of misrule which hail been
their practice Mr so many years. lle would speak that
laa:ma•re wherever his voice wise heard; he would speak it iu
dot tommons to which he had alluded, for the sake
of e.tilsirte:-.ey, tliotteli he never felt any pleasure in addressing an
t!:ey were freemen; and for that reason he felt
pruild i . theist there that day.
rat F. 1;1•1ci)LTT liniposcd the health of Lord Nugent.
Lod Nt•t:i.s.r returned Maris.
•• r.,t• It•tb.tt NVilso.), and the Reformers of the bomegh of
;tow,. sar!;.'•

J. W t son retuned thanks.
?Si tt Lw AIL P:0:11' "The memory of Richer:l 11—.1'..tri
Hay ,td. the intletatiwthle coadjutor of the %Vesta:it-parr 1:c.
forme, t" r hirh ra. drahk ‘ilcnce.

J. P. lioneywasil, Eq. M.P. and the Reformers of Kent."
Yr. !Its s s. returmd thanks.

•` 1 olor,l .!,.h.:scni and the Itcfortorm of 11.•..tna.••

eel .!on ::sox retuned thcnks, and ioleiseil the ot'
n ininst::r to petition rirrsir.t the erection of the new li..rr.icks
hi their city, rhich wins in contemplation.
Icw caber wags having been drunk, Sir Francis Ica tae chair,
and the ecni.paly soon afttr broke up.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRITISH PRESS.

SIR,—As the disciples of GALL and Sroitzisein appear
to multiply considerably of late, it is of great importance.
that their doctrines should be subjected to the test of seri-
ous anal sound investigation. If craniology, or, to use the
term more generally adopted, phrenology, is to obtain, as
it seems likely, the rank of ,t science, the correctness of its
first principles cannot he too severely scrutinized. You will
therefore permit me, I trust, through the medium of your
journal, which appears to embrace all topics of general In-
terest, to seek for some information eti this head from such
of those professors as may be inclined and qualified to im-
part it. I confess it seems to me not only that the subject
is full of difficulties, but that, even should those difficulties
11.• made to disappear, there are consequences involved in
it which it would not be easy to admit, and still less to re-
concile to our habitual notiots of the order in which things
are conductul in 11:is world, and which makes us account-
able beings in wmther. I have certainly no great fond-
ness
for the common systems of metaphysical philosophy : I
think they have contributed little or nothing to the int-
provement of our nature, either moral or intellectual ; but
they have at least one advantage—they shed no unkindly
i &lice; they put the faculties under no particular re. '
mien, but leave them to ripen under the ordinary course
'of cultivation: this, if not very salutary, is, at least, safe;
but whether as much can be said for the system of !Arent,-
logy, 1 have some doubt. Not that I should be prepared
to reject it, if its principles are true, from any weak
fear of the results to which these principles may lead
in argument, because V.tire is no utaxito en which I
have a more thorough reliance than this, that what-
ever principle is found in the constitution of our na-
ture to be true, may be pursued without danger through
the reh dr train if its conseynences : and that error alone
need shrink from the ultimate conclusions which fol-
low from it. I fre..ily adult, therefore, that if the doc-
trines of phrenology are well-ascertained truths, they can-
not be hostile either to the deductions of reason or to the in-
t' rests of virtue ; but this, I contend, ought to be proved
to irr. sistibie conviction, before we can consent to
conduct the education of our intellectual and mural
faculles on the theory which it enjoins. If it he
trial that one hated differs from another in figure,
as one star differed' from another star in glory, in
this case the phrenologists have it all their own way, and
tae philosotihy of the human mind must be content to come
r.nvitl, and we must kneel at the feet of the new Ga so A-
LI k: is. Alter an. however, I by no means feel disposed
to withhold my full tribute of respect for the understand-
ing of very many of those persons whom I know to be
among the endlosiastic and conscientious disciples of the
phrenological system ; and as the facts upon which it is
made to rest must be, if correct, capable of demonstration,
every objection to it ought, in my opinion, to be courted,
that it may be fully met and fairly answered ; and so far
1 will do the professors of this system the justice to allow,
that they have never attempted to withdraw it from inves-
tigation ; hut the leading difficulty yet remains to be got
rid of, so far at least as my inquiries have gone, which is
this—if the mind collects and concentrates its different'
faculties into different points and portions of the brain, as
developed on its external aurfac.i, dues it not follow that we
must act mechanical& ? And if so, does it not also follow
that our moral conduct, however calamitous in its effect,
must be traced to causes over which we have no influence,
and for the result of which, therefore, we cannot justly be
made responsible ? Our actions' cannot, as it appears to
me, be either meritorious or punishable, if they are the
result of organization, because we are its this case the crea-
tures of necessity, and are acted upon by a power oaf of
ourselves. It may be that the system of phrenology is capa-
ble of being reconciled to the plans of Infinite Wisdom,
and explained consistently with the award of Infinite Jus-
tice ; but if so, the extensive progress which the system is
making requires that at least the proof of this consistency
should go hand-in-hand with its reputation.
I am, Sir, yours, &c.
VIATOR.

TO THE RIGHT HON. LORD BATHURST,
PRINCIPAL SECRETARY Or STATE FOR THE COLONIES.

My Loan,—ln the last letter which I had the honour of ad-1
dressing to your Lordship, I took a short, and I trust a faithful,'
review of the Government of Newfoundland, front the time of its
first settlement till the present ; and your Lordship seedy must in
common candour admit, that such an undeviating system of his.
rule wits never adopted towards any other poetino of his Majesty's
dominions ; and to the desolating effects of that system alone can
be attributed its present unimproved and impoverished state—with-
out a Government efficient for any local purpose, without a police,
without roads, without establishments for the education of the peo-
ple--in short, without any of those institutions which are neces-1
sary for the well-being of every civilized country.
From the great advantages which have been derived from the
trade and fisheries of Newfoundland, it might well be expected It
would have received more attention and sympathy front the Parent
Country. In tar present communication, I shall endeavour to
prove to your Lordship, that the foundation of the great maritimel
power of the Empire was laid in the fisheries of Newfoundland :1
of this the Legislators of former days app.= to have been fully
sensible. In 1149, during the reign of Edward the Sixth, an Act
was passed for the better Encouragement of the Fisheries of stew_l
foundland, which proves that they were even then considered of i
sufficient importance to be made the subject of legislative enact-
ment. In the reign of Queen Elizabeth there were EflA vessels':
employed in the Newfoundland fisheries; and as at that time the
trade of England was comparatively tilling, and her foreign pos•
sessions few, it may fairly be inferred that their fisheries were then
the principal nursery of those seamen who first established the su-
periority of the British navy. During the reigns of James I. and
Charles I. the trade and fisheries of Newfoundland engaged much
of the attention of the Government of those times. Chalet 1., in
a commission " for well governing his subjects in Newfoundland,"
states " that the navigation and mariners of the realm have been
much increased by the Newfoundland fisheries." The preambles
of Arts of the 11th and Ilth William and Mary declare " that
the trade and fishery at Newfoundland is a beneficial trade to this
kingdom, in the employing great numbers of seamen and ships,
&c." to the increase of his Majesty's revenue, and the en-
couragement of trade and navigation; and the preamble of the
Act of the Lith of George 111., for the encouragement of the
Newfoundland fisheries, declares " that the fisheries carried an by
his Majesty's subjects of Great Britain, and of the British dorm-
' nions in Europe, have been found to be the best nurseries fur able
and experienced seamen, always reedy to man the Royal Navy
when occasion require ; and it is of the highest national importance
to give all due encouragement to the said fisheries." But, r
Lord, however important the Government of Great Britain, NI
withiN the:tie:: years, considered the fisheries of Newfoundland,
the Government of France always had, and still hare, at least an
equal sense of their value, and uniformly availed themselves of the
' advantages they afforded for the increase of their naval force. The
great Colbert gave them every encouragement, and the navy of
that kingdom consequently attained 'Oat strength, that in the war
which followed the abdication of James the second. it was able
to make a powerful 'tend against the united fleets of England and
Holland.
The author of " the considerations on the trade to Newfound-
bind," inserted in the second volume of Churchill's Collection of
I'oyagrs,ob,wrves, that "in the reign of Queen Anne, the French,
by this trade, had so far incrased their riches and naval power,
as to make all Europe stand in fear of them ; which plainly shoes,
that %I years quiet possession of this trade is capable of making any
prince the most ftirrnidahß tag us and land, by the yearly increase
of men, ships, bullion, &c." Ile aweers, that the whole increase
of the naval greatness of France bad its toundati in Imm this trade,
and thus explains the grounds of this assertion. " The nature of
this trade is such, that about one-futes.h of the tint employed in it
are K, rem inch, that is, men who were never before at sea ; and the
climate being very healthy, scarce one man in fitly dies in a voyage;
whereas, in the voyages to the East and West Indies, few green
men are employed, and it is too well known what great numbers
Ire swept away in those unhealthy countries. And it further ap-
pears, that their naval strength arises from this trade, by looking
back to their first beginning therein. France hod before very few
ships, and these were of very inconsiderable force and bulk;
whereas they have since been enabled freipiently to contend at sea
with the naiad Pow,rs of England and Holland, and have besides
;;:eat many stout and large privateers to infest our coasts and min
our merchants." lie adds, that, "at this time," namely towards
the end of the seventeenth century, " the French were in the habit
of employing in their fialterim about IWO sail of ships, a great many
of which were of good burden, and mounted from it; to 40 guns
to man ankh, they have, by a moderate computation. about 16,1100
call, of which one-fourth beingreern men, they must consequently
breed up by thislingle trade 4,00 U sailnrs every year."

In the reur<e or ;h.! negotiation: for the ilet'Atitiye treaty of peace
cot:chided at Paris on the lUth Fcbnnary, 171:3, France onerluivo•
rally ackaowleilgtsl her act.se of the importa:..c, of her Newfound-
laed by accepting that privilege as the eampeitiatinn fur
Ler eLssi:in of the whoh, ecuntry of Canada. At the treaty entered
into Coe dose of the ht: w.lr, the Frenc:i ne-Nxiators also ap-
p.ared core seer l- of its imputtance thin the neeociators for
:in et Britain, anti ,tinulnt,t for the sover,-kt,ity of the iskulllll of
Pierre and Mt-jail:4,, aod the exclusive right of tisliii.g front
t'::oe It aye to t 'ape John. ,l is h includes by far the best vat of the
island for carrying on the t!•hery.
I h•tv". tat lend, I trust, fully proved the importance of the
6,11,t,,,, of New:",.itn,!;:ind. In :sty next I will code...your to shew
ii:at the system a,',,,tited towards th:a cmint7 is not telly KIII.VerNiVC
(If many of the :idyan.a,;!. which (heat Britain might to derive
from milt 371 irc:de:tblc twit,.ses, ton. but that it will actually eon.
e;rt it tato a t:::-.:r• SWinlen for our powerful transatlantic
ri%ala.

LOI.ONCS.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

COURT OF KING'S BENCH, MOYDAY, MAY 21

Sittings is Banco.

THE LING V. ritANcts DAHRON AND ANOTHER.

This was an indictment against the deferttlants for assaulting two
officers of excise, obstructing them in the discharge of their duty,
and rescuing a man charp d with smuggling from their custody.
3lr. tkg EY prayed the judgment ofthe Court.
It appeared that the defendants had created a violent disturb.
ante, and if proper assistaz ce had not arrived, serious mischief
most have resulted.
_

3lr. Justice BAYLEY. in passing judgment, animadverted se-
verely on the conduct of the defendants. The senterce of the
l'ourt was--that they be imprisoned for six months in the county
poi at Dorchester, and on the expiration of their confinement.
sevcrally to fold sureties for their good behaviour far five years,
themselves in lOW. and two others in 20/. cach.
WILSON, D.D. I'. THE UNITED PARISHES OF ST. THOMAS
