PRINCESS OF WALES'S DRESS.

The superb lace dress which bar Royal Highness the
Princess of Wales has lately received from the manufactory
of Tnckett and Martin, at Walton, in Devonshire, is of a '
description to excite curiosity, and claim the admiration of
every personage of genuine taste ; the dress is the tint of
the kind that hen been made is this country, and rivals, per-
haps is superior, to an) foremi lace. It coueists wholly of
Honitou lace, einbellithed with a rich ornamental pattern ;
the gown, with short skeees and body, is of one eutire piece,
without seam, or the least appearance of being joined ; it is
three yards in length, and five yards and a half round the
train • there are long sleeves to match. The taut enterable is
char:elm-ink of rich but simple elegance, and what pecu-
liarly enhances its value ix, that should it ever be injured by
any accident, it eau he repaired without the eye being able
to discover the least defect. The happy union of ease cad
elegance to strikingly exhibited in this dress, has been rarely,
if ever equalled, certainly mere surpassed, sad must emi-
nently contribute, to set off with advantage, every charm of
beauty, and every grace of the female form. Whilst the in-
genalty and industry of Englaad tag furnish the British fair
with dresses of this descnplioa,. they sorely need out seek
the store costly pnidactions of *foreign land, but, influenced
by the enlightened example of her Royal Highness' thinild be-
stow their fostering patronage un the commercial enterprise
and spirit of their native cottony.,

Mr. YOUNG haft arrived in Dubnii, and the cri-
tics speak in raptures of his ilenkt; they eves
prefer his scene with his mother to Mr. Koratuto.
They also speak in high terms of Matetm's
Rimger.
Mrs. Poorsu., of Drury-lane Theatre, has been,
and continues extremely in. Iler indisposition has
proceeded front her accidentally biting her tongue
wine time since.
Aldby Park, Yorkshire, to which Mr. WILNES
has succeeded, as next heir to the late Mr. DAILFY,
is reckoned one of the brat sporting seats in Eng-
land. _ _ .

Lost week the Kettering of yeomanry pre-
sented ea otalpsat silver varier tidily gilt, of antique
shape, and capable of eontaining a gallon, to the
lion. Geo. Wrrsow, of Olaston, their Captain.
Mrs. LITCHFIELD is annoutieed to perform the
parts of Lady Totenly, Violante, and Madame
Clermont, in Mr. Dimoire's play of Adria/. and
Orrila, at the Portsmouth Theatre, this week.
To-morrow, General PORTER intends giving
an elegant dinner, at the Crown Inn, Ports-
mouth, to General Sir Gr.ostor, Paevosr, and his
Staff, in token of esteem for that brave and good
officer, who is about to embark for his governor-
ship at Halifax.
The Captains of the Navy at Portsmouth give a
ball and supper, at the same Inn, on friday, to 250
ladies arid gentlemen of Portsmouth and Gosport.
Windsor Theatre, on Nl'ednesdity night, was
crowded with all the fashion of the town and neigh-
bourhood, for Mrs. MUDIE's benefit, who received
the most unbounded applause in Mrs. Oakley ; as
did Mr. Baowsx, in Mr. Oakley. Mr. anis.
aorros, with a large party, was in the King's
box. Colonel Dassaowx was obliged to he ab-
sent, as His MAJESTY was in London. At the
end of the entertainment, Mrs. Mum came for-
ward, and addressed the audience as follows
Ladies aid Gestivers,
The present flattering mark of your kindness and &visor
impresses me with feelings, whirls DO words iu my power so
me, ems poasibly describe. As this night, however, be to ,
conclude the present season, I feel myself irresistibly called
spun to muse forward, sad thank you most warmly for an
the favours with which yam have so repeatedly honoured us.
Owing to several saloneree sad Werra, d ectsri, the preseut
has been the least productive sows we have experienced
hero, bat we leek forward with hops to more auspicious
times; and wkile I 'dons thanks, not only fur myself but
the rest of the company, I beg leove M wish you health,
harpists's., and every hI sing, slid to amine yus that it will
ever be our wish, our endeavour, and our pride, to descrie
and to obtsin yoor futsre patronage, encouragement, and
support With these sentiments, Lades and Geatierrea, I
beg leave to bid von a grateful adieu.
Thin address was received with bursts of applause.
The whole concluded with God Sae* the king,"
sang by the whale company.
Died, on Wednesda_y, at his seat in Cheshire,
RICHARD PENN•NT, Baron Peurbyn of Peurlivu,
in the County of Louth, Ireland. His Lordship
was the son of JOAN PENNANT. of Penrhyn, Esq.
and was created a Baron, 86th Sept. 1783. In 1785,
bit Lordship, then Mr. PENNANT, married ANN
SUSANNAH, only child and heiress of Lieut.-Gen.
Henn Wsanuaron, of Wilmington, in Cheshire.
We regret to state, that on the 47th. of October
Mil, died, at the Cope of Good Hope, ANDREW
BARNARD, iq. Secretary to the Colony of the
Cape of Goad Hope, a situation which he had
filled with great credit, from the commencement
of Lord MACARTHET'S Government, in 1797, till
the restoration of the Colony to Holland by the
peace of Amiens, and to which he was again ap-
pointed by the late Ministry, under the Govern-
ment of LOld CALEDON. Mr. BARN•RD was eon
of the late Doctor &senses', Bishop of Limerick,
in Ireland, and married Lady Aerie LINDSAY,
sister to the Earl-of Bite %Res.. and the Countess
of HARDWICIIII, who survives him ; he was a gee-
► tleman univerially respected sod esteemed.

MR. PITT.

CLURACTER or MR. PM ; FROM ML MOSCOM.II

PAMPHLET, JUST PUBLISHED.

With the battle of Austerlitz, the confederation
against France terminated, and with that ter-
uituated, also, the political career and the life of
Mr. Pitt ; a 2Statesman to whom it would be uir
use to deny the endowments of extraordinary ta-
euts, mud the praise of having improved those ta-
lents, iu slime departments, to is most uncommon
degree. But these accomplishments, which ought
to have rendered him a belic.actor to his country.
were, unfortunately, subservient to one predo-
minating passion, which nut only counteracted
their good effects. but converted them into imple-
ments of danger and destruction. This passion he
inherited from his father, who cherished it an the
. -

early years of his son, and directed his infant gaze
towards that eminent station which he hail himself

--.-....-. —....-.
once occupied. In his education, nothing was left
undone that could qualify him to attain this ob-
ject ; and no one certainly ever entered into public
life with equal advantages. There is, however, so
essential difference between those qualities which
are calculated to obtain power, and those which
enable us to make a proper use of it. Unfortu-
nately, the system of education of Mr. Pitt was, in
politics, that which Lord Chesterfield's is in pn-
vats life. It was founded on too narrow a basis,
and aimed too directly at its object. A cultivated
mind and a humane disposition will render their
poseswr truly polite ; sound principles and a real
mailluud, truly patriotic • butt without
these, neither the politenesis nor the patriotism are
any thing more than a whited sepulchre. The
system was, however, successful • the young ora-
tor began his career in a manner the hest calculated
to display his powers. As he spoke, the hopes of
freedom revived; corruption shrank before his
glance, and the nation hailed him as her deliverer ;
but no sooner was the prize within his grasp, than
he seized it with an eagerness, and retained it with
a tenacity, which all the efforts of his opponents
could neither impede nor relax. Having thus ob-
tained the supreme power, the talents which had
acquired it, were employed, with equal success, to
preserve it. The correction of abuses, the removal
of peculation and corruption, the reform of the re-
: presentation, the extension of religious and civil
liberty, were now no longer the objects in view ; or
were only recalled at stated periods, to shew with
what dexterity the Minister could blast his pro-
mise without breaking his faith. Well schooled in
all the routine and arcane of office, ao adept in
the science of finance and taxation, Mr. Pitt's
great accomplishment was a thorough knowledge
of the artificial and courplEx machine of govern-
ment, and his great defect, a total insensibility to
the feelings of mankind, and a thorough ignorance
of the leading principles of human nature. Un-
fortunately for his fame, and for his country, new
sitastions arose, to which the hacknied rules of
narrow policy were totally inapplicable.
A powerful nation, whose slavery had for ages
been its reproach, threw off its shackles, and at-
tempted to form for itself a limited monarchT. It
was Mr. Pitt's first misfortune to be insensible to

the I.,rrandeur of so glorious a struggle ; his second,
to miscalculate its consequences. The first act of
France was to hold out her emancipated hands to
the free states of• Eogland w►d of America; hat
the coldness—of the Minister soon coavioced her

that, in this government, she was not to expect a
friend. That coldness Imes degenerated into en-
mity and abhorrence, and through every change of
circumstance and situation, through all the evolu-
tions and forms of her government, whether mo-
narchical, republican, aristrieratical, or despotic,
she lonia' is him PI decided and en inflexible ene-
my. With what success his hostility has been at-
tended, impartial hist iry will shear. hether the
attempt was So march to Perin ; to restore the
family of Bourbon; to restrain the Fre,oit trithai
the limits of their 011101 dos:axial ; or, So Acme then
into sabjeetion ; in whatever way our enmity has
been demonstrated, it has failed of its effect. To
avert, however, that these efforts have failed, is
wholly inadequate to the proper statement of the
fact. They have not only failed of their object,
but have been the positive and active cause of the
continued union, and consequent triumph, of the
French nation. To what circumstance is it to be
attributed, that a people so restless in their disposi-
tion, so changeful in their views, should have been
united together through all the variations of their
government, and have acted in all their external re-
lotions with one heart, and as one man? To what,
but the continued pressure of exterior force ? To
the successive combinations, formed under the
auspices of Mr. Pitt,to COW pel them to submission ?
That Fraure has suffered in the contest ; that her
licit blood has flowed upon the scaffold, that the
luminaries of science have been extinguished, and

the brightest gems of the human intellixt trampled
under foot ; that jealousy, ambition, cruelty, and
revenge, have acted their dreadful parts m awful
successes. and here produced a scene of calamity
unexampled in history, is but too true ; hut,
such was the price that France was compelled,
by Essrope, to pay for her independence on
foreign powers ; awl in this view the purchase was,
after all, cheaply made. The principle which car-
ried that nation through all her difficulties, was the
determination of the people to rally round the ex-
'sting government, whatever that government might
be, and to join in repelling, with one hand, and one
voice. the common enemy. To this they have sa-
crificed their ease, their property, their friends.
their families, their lives, with a prodigality which
excite, at the same instant, admiration and horror.
But in this they have, as a nation, found their
safety. By this they have prevented the still more
drmidful consequences that must have resulted from
a civil war, in whii h one half of the nation might
have been arrayed in anus against the other, and
the contending parties might hr:e exposed a depo.
pulated and bleeding country to be the prey of the
first invader. By this they have dissippointed the
hopes of those who presumptuously partitioned out
the provinces of Prance, like the kingdom of Po-
land, and who foresaw no obstacks, but in the
dif-
ticultirs which tright occur in &siding rr spoil.

The Emperor of !Cassia, tramport. from Copen-
hagen, we• driven on shorn on the coat of In!.
law', on the 4th Nubeather, and tlw people
prisouers.

LAW IN7T4Lf9StiCiI.
eounr OF LOW' 1116141114 JAI. es.
'renew( e. DE WILLO:r.
Mr. GARIOW moved & rule iFew easre,
why the judgment in this ONO should not be set
aside, mid the proceedings themes sOdnpied. - He
giounded his Motion upon an ildhirrvh of. the
Plaintiff Spencely, which set forth, tsmt he • had
no interest svhaver in the acifon4pd was in-
duced to lend his name, as thn,Fointiff, by the
representations and persuasions of •.a Mr. Banat,
an Attorney, who has since abacontled, after being
convicted of perjury. Mr. (farrow stated, that this
action had been brought by Spencely trivia* Ge-
neral De Wilton, for usurious dealings with the
Marquis De Chambonas, who war a lodger in
Spencely's house, and in very inppovcrished cir-
cumstances ; and Bernet persuaded Spencely, if he
would not allow his name to be made use of, the
Marquis would not have it iu his power to pay him,
and that the Marquis could not bring the action in
his own name, for if he did, he would not be admitted
as a witness. He further stated, that the Marquis was
a principal witness 'on the issue of the action, ind
that it was on his evidence a verdict was given in fa-
vour of Spervrely, and as an interested person the
law did not allow his testimony to be good; that
Spencely had signed an instrument, on the bring-
ing of the action, that all the emolument arising
from it, should belong to the Marcia's. That last
Term, Spencely was brought up to be discharged
from the King's Bench, under the Insolvent Act,
and did then avow that he had no interest whatso-
ever in :he amnia, or the profits thereat Rule
granted, and ordered to be served on Spencely and
the Marquis De Gbambonas.

COURT OF CCO.CdON ILEAS—J•s. es.
Sittings at Nisi Prizes before Lord Chief zlesstice
MANSFIELD.
DAY V. PACKER mvd ofutas.
This was an action brought. against the Defend-
ants, as Executors of a Mr. Joseph Packer, lie-
mired, to recover the sum of 501. for the trouble
Plaintiff had in taking care of some premises be-
longing to Mr. J. Packer, at Fulham; 401. was
paid into Court.
It appeared in evidence; that the Plaintiff is a
publican, residing at Fulham, and was employed to
take care of some malt-houses belonging to Mr. J.
Packer, for which he was to have half7it-giiinea per
week. The houses were used as Government
stores, to hold dour. Previous to Mr. J. Packer's
becoming possessed of them, they belonged to Mr.
Crab!), who was obliged to leave the country to
avoid an execution, and the premises were kept
possession of by an Officer for nine weeks, who paid
Phu ntiffhelferguinea as Lek for taking care ofthem.
Plaintiff had superintended the premises fora year
and a half, and several repairs had taken place,
for which he paid the workmen, and as the pre.
mires were to be let, the key was left in his passes.
sion, and he was to skew than; kelp them clean,
&c.

Several witnesses deposed, they thought that half
a guinea a week was a reasonable charge for the
trouble Plaintiff had in taking care of them, as they
were Situated on the river side, near a wharf, and
much exposed to plunder at high water, and it
would be very easy to get access to them from the
river. Plaintiff was fleet employed, in the' autumn
of 1804, at a time when previsions ware rather
scarce, and any premises that could be spared on
the river side were tilled with Sour to amplify the
London markets.
It was contended, on the other hand, that Plain-
tiff was not entitled to any more than -e 20, as the
Only directionigiveu him were to keep the key.
,hew die premises, and send all persons applying
to Mr. Packer. who resided at Paddington, that
they might agree about the terms. He also reaped
a benefit from it, as those persons who came to
look at the premises must have put up at his
house, as it adjoined them. The person who ijo
retied him to spew the premises was of opinion
that .51. per week was a sufficient price for his
trouble.

The Jury, after a little consideration, returned a
verdict—Daniages 131. in addition to Itri—paiii
Court.

FASHIONABLE CONVERSE. . .
Said Lady A. to lady C.
Where can tbat Woman, Fart..., be!
My dear, cried Lady C. I towed Arr.;
Not as Sbc's drawn tai • cart.akeet
L But in a ottery-a:beat, so sterling—
She pre we--a TW UTY THU!! 04'S n tOOlll DUI

I.ike me,desr A. des sinAuld endeavour
To Awl this Woman, who's se ekver,
Amy, sow her mu. rig own rich An; ever.

We have tbe sati‘ation t• Wenn the
that it is the intention of His Royal Highness the
Duke of Tonic, President of that excelleut
iusti-
tution, " The Refuge for the Destitute," to take
the Chair, at the first Annual Dinner, at the City
of London Tavern, Bishopagate-street, on Thurs-
day, the lath of January. 1008, at half post five
o'clock.
SIXTY CAPITAL NUTT! not 'Three
Blanks to a Prise in the present Grand State Lot-
tery. Tickets and Shares are telling by Swirl'
and Co. No. 11, Poultry, and No. 19, Charing
Crew ; who sold and shared in the last Lottery
No. 11,070, a Prize of £20,000, No. 15.078. a
Prize of .C 1,000; also No. 184. a Prise of 1.10,000.
Nos. 5,099 and 17,614, Prizes of .C1,1)00 cash, and
Nos. 13,940 and 17,6.37, Prizes of X4OO each, in
the preceding Lottery.
A moat melancholy accident occurred yesterday
at a house in Mortimer-street. A lady, very near
her atrottchrmeat, was left alone, awl it is supposed
was seized with faintness, and fell into the fire, hen'
which melancholy situation she was relieved by her
servant, and medical assistance instantly procured,
but, we regret to state, she lived but a few hours.
An express was sent oft to the unfortunate lady's
husband, who was at Southampton.
On Wednesday last, a young woman, of the
name of SUNNI:a, a baker's daughter, at Henley-
on-Thames, was taken out of the river about two
miles from that place. It appears some usipleammt
altercation had taken pines betvrileti the mother
and the deceased about five weeks aitlf, which it is
generally supposed 1.,l to the ruslaht.holy cater
troplie, as the deceased !eft the house the same
evening, in 'lied egllatiwi of unisd. and no tines
of her could' be &P.-even-if •Ititil iVedieivia;, last,
n hen she

449„C1e. •
is 111111141114 Jas. ss.
DE WI L r ia.
For a rule Thew eavre,
this ONO sherd *at be set
iga themes Oevniedi - He
ipou an sidlliirvh of the
1 set forth„ that he• had
in the acifon',Jpid was in-
-11, as thoYantiff, by the
masions of •.a Mr, lissuaet,
ice absconded, after being
Fr. Garrow stated, that this
t by Spencely aphis* Ge-
surious dealings with the
a, who was a lodger in
in very inppovcrishad
cit-
persuaded Spencely, if he
e to Ix made use of, the
it iu his power to pay him,
ald not bring the action in
he would not be admitted
stated, that the Marquis was
e issue of the action, ind
:e a verdict was given in fa-
s an interested person the
eatimony to be good; that
instrument, on the bring-
rill the emolument arising
the Margaii. That last
alight up to be discharged
, under the Insolvent Act,
he bad no interest whits°.
the prints thereof Rule
be served on Spencely and
ones.
FON IPLEAS—J •x. as.
srfore Lord Chieflostice
IFIELD.
Ea trod otuens.
ought'against the Defend-
s Mr. Joseph Packer, -de-
im of sof. for the trouble .

I the river.
