SOUTH AM E RICA.

TORT 0? •PASN, 1/41111111111112. 11.
. •
I endow/ you two Orinueu Papers, which Mall'. emelt
interesting matter. I also accompany wens private leirtrs,
from all wbikb yun will he sitig,to collect a mass of Vene-
zuelan news. and the Inie state of the Main. General
Bolivar has depsgital kite Supreme Clap Admiuntratiun in
General Untlaneta, the Intendant Pettalyer, and the Director-
°cetera' Rowno, LL.D. A Cainorces of ill the Province. is
Ltd for the lit January, 1519; awl General Bolivar
baa declared that he will 1404 accept in future of any civil
Power, and that be will lay dawn his military command thq
slay q peace to Picard. This is ell contained in a paper of
the 24th ultimo, wherrita he gives an account of bit. Atlotini.
strafing Aborigine. thaws not heel+ able to gel it fur you to
go by this opportunity.
General Bolivar set not on the 2+lh ult. to join 4cnerel
Merino's rlirrialuss, and dive wivity to the attack ..f the ca.
?hal of Caimans. General Antione2ut uteterviird at the
same Ilene laid. a regiment of a thuumatict Indians,
planed, commandril awl "alected entirely by ontTrc-
preprint(' to be a eery tine corps. Thu, the ettforinsate
Aborigines, restored to ritual rights lip the dercendanta of
their cusqueron. jiow 46..4 Countrymen, and commanded
by the early nmertatto of their as frrenuin: marcb wills via-
cri ty to combat for their littuf.ttors and thernavivea. .hit
a glorione example in the ti.,uth Anter.can Patriots, ibn. to
amalgamate in political rights with that Injured yroOle!

There is something in Manna je‘ties whirls our

must approve: it is equally fvll by the savage and the gaze!
The British careful *Akers are .ape la have erected great
improvements ID Genel•al Paues con.. ,d Mt. tlescription,
Trod to s•k re with greet pleasnre moles- that etiterprisitur, in-
defatigable. leader. 'Elie I.laorros, as well !to Imiians,
are 'vet y porlsat to them, slid ! at.. rouvinced the bitter they
ire known the more they will be valued. The In ..rssessints
in favour of the Brit,sh his burn banded 1:11./I ft father
In coo' ever since the lime of the Mien!. Company in
Cantina. ;Ilse Italic.. foend those hereto, v'ry I.berali, -
useful fientls, sad were very sorry Its he deprived of them,
cinch would trot have been the case had the Govertunent
beau then iu their own Mends.
• Vont slime', wovastovit 11.
The campaign Ca: the Main !jag probably comment- •rt ere
thil by the attack of the capitol of en mans. by the divisi•ks
uf Geu. Malmo. General Bolivar left 411Z03itirit oil the 271 k
ult. to di. eel the operations its that quart, r. A thousand of
the Indian Aborigines, disciplined in. the highest style. mid
commanded affugerher by British °ricers, frar the Odom,
to tile Ensign, embarked at the same time fur Neu Fernando
to joist General Pares many, 4,0110 Rif OPE 3111.14
Owl. The Independents take the Ileld with 9.100 men, well
armed and equipped, and with plenty of ammtmition. Geo.
Bolivar has oleis.ostled the Civil cove..., in the hands of •
GeneralUtdaneta, the Intendant Peitalyer, ned the Director.
General Dolt nostio. .4 General Congress is couvened It*
meet the Ist of January. Nu mediation but is. the basil of
independence will be listened to. The losers of liberty aml
the friends of eutninerce, in short, every staunch Etl2llllh-
man will be glad fu kuuw this. •
We get plead!, amities amt iall!e from Guayana and Mfr.
turn', since Guiria was labels, and our not ic.ition it the
Gulf secured against the piracies of the Si..ot..h gun-boats.
These are essential to the feeding 4 the inhabitants and get-
tomtit our crop, which promises to be very bur next yeor.
Estates have, risen latterly taluch in entity; our not ttttt erre
is rather mending; oar public improvements are developing
daily, as they approach a eottelusion ; and every man keeps
a warm houoe, whete the thermometer rues daily to 112 de-
grees. The wet season has been iidittitely mute healthy this
than the last season. Too would Isc astoutshed to see the
number of fine houses built within these 'love years. nod
now building; this will Le the haudsomest town in all nu.
1511/11.111—." it mighty work and nut without a plan," as must
of our West laths towtistiave been built. -

AMERICA.
EW YORK PAPERS.

ON SOUTH AMERICAN AFFAIRS.
DOCU Al EN TS

REFERRED TO IN THE PRESIDENT'S bIESSACE,. AT
THE COMMENCEMENT or TNEEcONI) SEs.ION
OF THE FIFTEENTH COMMIE:6S.

MR. RODMF.Y'S REPORT TO THE SECRETAMY OF

IMAM
( Concluded front our Poyer If yesterday.)

The revenue of the State may be estinintell el about three
millions of dollars annually ; but theiv system of cumin-e i•
ies imperfect, and, although their debt is smith, their cresitt
Is low. They have hithertterivoitted the issuing of piper -
hey, and they Imre established no haul:; but they have
sometimes anticipated their revenue by giving due bills re-
ceivable in payment for duties or goods imported, or arti-
elei exported: the impost furnishes the principal part of
the revenue. A copy of their tariff; as at first established.
was sometime suite transmitter!, 1 believe, to the Depart-
sent of State : in this the ditties were generally specific and
high. 1 understand they have been lately reduced, as their
exurbitancy bad occasioned much snaugglitsz.
Voluntary contribetions from those friendly to the Rico.
tuition, and forced Mans from the old Spaniard., have coiniti-
toted another portion of their fagts. To strew the public
capital adequate to all exigences, their different civil, mili-
tary, and uaval establishments have been taken into blew,
and are comprised in the eatisnate furnish..l, a thing un-
usisel with us; but they barns emitted their Fluidic lands,
which if a prudent use be made of them, artist, at no dist ant
duty, become a very productive source of reteeue to the St:•te,
'Elie mines of Potosi, which, in all probability, will m I y
soon fall into their hands again, may furnish them with it
eousiderable supply of the precious militia. It is stattil, iisa
respectable authortty, that so late as the )ear 17,.0, the
amouat of gold and silver coined at, Potosi .41 that yea.,
was calculated to have bete 290,648 dollars in gold, and
2,933,176 dollars in silver. The state of their amine, and
the condition of their navy, will. be sees. bye reference to
the original return presented —!Appendix F.')
Their army is composed of regular troopa, Cioreus, and
militia. In one or other of these claques, they are educated
to the military art—and, as fir as I had an opportunity, and
was capable of judging,they appear to be well acquainted
with the elemeuis of their profession. Their foists, accord-
iug to the paper furnished, are estimated at nearly thirty
thousand mein. They are composed of 1,296 artillery,
13,693 infantry, sod 14,718 cavalry; of which 12,143 are
troops of the Hue, 7,041 are Clurcos, and 10.593 militia.—
These form the different armies of the centre of Peru, of the
Asides, of Cordova, sod the auxiliary forces in the Entre
Rios. This statement, however, only iitcludes the militia of
the province of Beene* Ayres itself. Their supply of arms
and munitious of war is ample, as will be seen by the state-
ment ed, ou that subject.
Their navy is small, and some of their ls are laid up
in ordinary. A list of them, as well as of their privateers,
will Ire found in Appendix F. Their private armed vermeils
are subjected to very strict regulacioue, agreeably to their
prise code, which is among the original papers parented
and herewith delivered. It may lie proper, in this place, to
introdece the subject of the irregular conduct of the prira.
teen under the Patriot flag. against which the CUIIIIIII6-•
stoners *ere directed to remonstrate. Having *lmo nil tip.
portusity dt' explainime to Mr. Taelei the Secretary sit >bite,
the proceedings of our Government relative to Amelia Island
and Galtestou, agreeably to their iastructions, the l'orn-
suitutottera embraced a suitable occasion to urge the ju-t
cause of complaint, which the muslprectites cf pr vats
armed vessels, wearing slue Patriot colunns, had famish...l
our Gueerinnent ; on both lupics they had loan and lute-
conning convetsations. With the conduct oaf the fewer*.
meet respecting Amelia 'shed ana Galeetton, gr. Tagle
expensed hoe perfectly satisfied, and he disclaimed foe
hip Government any privity or participation In die ludgineeht
wade wi those places, by IbtfilOill acting id the Dame of tie
Petriola of South America.
. in ref/reuse; to the acts of cruisers under the Patriot
flags, he said he was sensible that great irregeliriiies had
occurred, though his Government had dope every thieetU
their power to prevett them, and were wi Ding, if any i sedan.*
of aggreasitois were pointed opt, to direct fto ingnity into Ilia
sage, tied, if the facts were established, to peeish
termed, and redress the injured individuals. lie profre.e.l
Lis readiuesa so adopt any measures that woold more etTrr.
featly prevent a recurrence of such Rea, in whit,, bn t's•
pressed his brlia !hat the privateees et Serena Ayres leid
rarely pneurapated, though the charsietee of 1111.GdIferikatt•iit
had sitit-red GUM Ihe conduN of others. tie atatrd tiee they
had, out in.e uceation, sent out some ofelwir public reverts id
C114111.0/e all cruisers westing, dr Plitenos Ayreiku dtg, to ‘•
that they nut lawfsslly commialtioned, slid to reel aua
whether they bad violated their intersections.
Amongst the enusei of dissatisfaction, In which 1 hove al.
1114 rl, the preponderance of the capital has been oui.tte•..ii-t).
Its great .wtogltt in the scale of mammal affairs IP Ili

• Tbs document rcfetted to is uot scist.

•

e.i bra to its greater exertions in the national cause. These
awe owing to its comparative wealth, and to it. aches, isttel-
/1041'. 2HA enterprining population. The armies that bare
firer ':,liter' in that city sod the neighbouring country, with
the supplies in money and noinitiosie of war Jrawn front
thew sourcee, have teen truly extraordinary
It would he iiirffietilt task to make an exact calculation,
nr to Airily even a probable estimate, but all seemed to con-
cede the superior merit claimed un account of their 'eve-
tiosie, when compared with their wealth and population, and
it in tint unlikely that Buenos Ayers has, iii eau:sequence, as-
sume(' a higher lone, and acquired 4 controlling influence,
which the has AltlllrilMlll aboard.
Another now of (litcoistesit is the unfortunate dispute
b. taro is the Rind.' Orisoital and Ito Pllll4 Ayres, which bad
a toi an iialuence MI the proceedings of the latter towards the
Portuguese.
The original (-aunt: of ilivisioo maybe traced to a jealousy
long subsisting, between the rival cities of Monte Video and
Bartow Ayres. 'llits has become habitual, and bas extended
to the country. Private interest* and personal views have
alto Acres* d their dissentious.
General Artigas (who bears the character of chief of the
Grit vitals, as has beta already stated, and has also assumed
that of Protector of Entre Rioe and Santa Fe,) was origi-
nally in the Royal crevicehad
a captain in a provincial corps. In
Shot he continued fur time after the Revolution ha rime
commence.' at Buena; But, in the year 1811, %kin*
ofrcliee, as it is said, at Owe confines of the Spanish Cons.
inauslaut of Culonia, he abamloued the Royal caster, and en-
tered iuto the service of the Pistriote. So early an the year
1813, wheiwictitig agaiast Monte Video, he 'weenie dissatin.
Ora with threaten, the commauder in chief from Buenos
Ayres. (In hit removal from thelipad of the Rimy, be quaff -
relied with General Bandeau, who, it was nopposed, would
hare been accepia'ile to him, mid finally withdrew, hefore the
siege of Mono. Video was finished under General Aivear.
For this conduct. Posadae, whets he succeeded to the Go_
Vortutrut, treated him as a deserter from their service. By
s prociturati kkkkk he offered a reward fur his •pprelieicatoi,
land set a price lei his bead—an act which General Attigas
sever forgot or forgoer.
During the solorquent directorship of Abner, he minced
• the Cabildu of lisietio. Ayres to issue a similar in °eternal
against General Artigas. When Alyear was ili.miesed, the
, people of lluction Ayres eudeuvoured to Moue fur their con-
motet, by Inuoitsg, with every mark of iguomitty, the degrad.
mg proclauistiou. They aim :Adresse(' a conciliatory letter
toZhe General, and received from him a corresponding an-
swer. These were preliminary to a froillets attempt at re-
conciliation, made by the Director net interim, Colohel
Alvan", who succeeded Alvear. The corretriolmice on this
creation is annexed (Appendix H.) Other esitiesivours to re_
tomcat. him have failed, notwithstanding the changes its the
office of Director at Buenos Awe- On one occasion, the
propunitiou Was made, that the Hands Orwitial shoals' re.
main indepesideitt of Bomius Ayres, and merely seed De-
puties to the G.oseral Congress, to couirert measures against
the common enemy. On another, whets the Portuguese
army was approaching the Comfier' of the Banda Oriental,
an sti. ruin was insole by Powyrrealon to reconcile him, and
unite Ik i kkk in the common defence. Ample supplies of arms
an.' inniii :it'll% of war were Arend, tool some furnished; but
this attempt ales. failed.
his outer dam a fuller view of this oukjeet may be hail, I
hive subjoined a translated copy of au animated lett. i f(usie
Gen. Artigm to M. Pueyrreduo ;Appendix I.) It is but jus-
t It e to (sad, that Gen. Artigaa is thought, by persons entitle('
to credit, to be a final (Mena to the inJependence of the
eounity. To expecte a decided opinion uti this delicate
etor.tion wool) scarcely be wepectra of me, as my position
did not e.iin(itarsa a view of the whole Vomit!. 1 had "I
the aetisfaction to be derived from a personal iutei view wills
Gen. Amigan, who is, utiquentionably, a man of rare and sin.
gislar taleuts. 6.'11 if I were to hazard a conjecture, I think
it not improlmble that in diet, as in most family di•pute.,
there have been faults, un both sides. It is to be lioneasted
that they arc in open hostility. The war his beets pause-
cute.' with great mimosa's, ; and, ill two late engagenieuts,
time troops of Buenos Ayres have been defeated with great
loss. Uy some it was said, that the inhabitants of the cam-
era shore were anxious that a recouriliatiun should take
place, *Last the people is the cuuutry pretests:a their pre.
sent slate.
I Milli lint omit to take a glance al the situation of Para-
guay. 'lbis province presents a singular spectacle. It
etands aloof from the rest. The people, with the aid of the
few remaining royal troops, repulsed an as guy, lent to com-
pel them to join the common standard. Very soon after-
wards they expelled the Royalists, and set up fur thenwelves.
Sitter this period, they appear to have adopted a partial non-
iiitercousse system. But Buenua Ayres, ou one occaeion,
succeeded in obtaining an tiuderstauttiuo with them. Some
suspect that they are secretly intin(cal to the existing order
of things', and with to keep themselves within their shell,
that, in case (Alt change, they may profit by futuse events ;
others calculate with some coufidence on their ultimate
Immo with Buenos Ayres, with which, at present they iti-
silage a limited mid reluctant intereoui se. Paraguay is
under the inansediate mood of a person named Francis,
who styles himself Director of Paraguay.
Front the domestic conceits, of the provinces, we na-
turally turn to their foreign relations. On this imbject the
C oil...toners were informed that they had notbiug mote
than a friendly unslermantling with any foreign nation. With
the Portueisete Gui.eriviimit they concluded au arrangement
in 1812, under the Inetlialion, it is said, of the British, with
respect to the Banda Oriental. They have since hail a cur-
lespubdener with them an the "abject of their valiance 0.10
that Province, and the forcible occupation by the Portuguese
army of the city of Monte Video, of which a copy. is an-
nexed. (Appendix I) This will pricent the mate of affairs
between Buenos Ayres and the Brazils, which has been the
theme of much discussion. The superior naval force of the
Portuguese, elatiomed in the River La Hata, could have ef.
fectually blockaded all the ports of Buenos Ayres. By this
means they would have prevented supplies of arms and mu.
odious of war, and entirely destroyed the great source of
revenue to the Stair, the duties oo imports and tonnage, at
a reason when money was much wanied.
For about this period Buenos Ayres had a powerful army
to contend with on the side of Peru, and Intl taken the
Amain of the ienevred contest of Chub with Spain. Under
such eircumnianees they were in some measure obliged to
adopt a cautious and moiletate policy. Their ceuduct in this
respect seems to have been coerced. Their unhappy state
with the Oriental* had also an influence us their meiwures ;
they alleged that the rentlese cooduct of Artigan had for-
oisited the Portuguese a pr. text for the invasion ; but it is
probable th•it they will ultimately break with the Govern-
ment of Brazils.
The British Government has, through their official agents,
entered into commercial stipulations with Grist's' Artigae,
as the Chief of the Orientals, sin the subject of their trade
with Ilse .astern shore. A copy of thus inetrumeut will be
found in Appendix K.
The Goveninseist of Buenos Ayres have a confideutial
person its Europe, soliciting Goon England, and other
Powers, it is said, awistatice of every kind, and a rectiguiti kkkk
of their independence. England has a Consul, who, with
hie Naval Commander cm that Militia, apiwarrii to conauct
tio, coufidential affair. of the 'Laid% Calnuet with the Go-
?. mond of Buenos Ayres'.
WWI effects the victory of Maipo will produce abroad,
it would lie hazardous in me to conjecture. %Vbeiber, like
the rapture of Burgoyne, it will produce for the United
Provinces foreign alliances, I cannot proem' to say.
From a source which is entitled to crcmhit, I was iufurined
That the raising and embarkation of OPOlitin army in Pero
wan nut accomplished without serious ililrleUllire. Alter-
mate twee and persuasion were used to collect them,
soil nothing lint the name, character, and promises of their
General, could have Coluced them to go ou board of the
vessels' prepared for the purpose, at the pert of Callao.
Bone of them were actually in a •iste of mutiny, notwith-
standing they were told they would be received with open
arms by their brethren in Chili.
Owe Comemsy of Artillery 7O
One shit° Sappers aid Miners kk •• S 1
Re;iniellt of Brogos~
Ditto of San Curlew lufantry....... 967
Ditto of Art quips l,OOO
As equi pa Di aguous ... • ... •
1,411141 144

3,2811

I'►c army oas composed of alt the regu!sr soldiers they

..-•'"'''!'-**77r

ennid spare from Lisa, who were united at Taleaping, to
the Royal forces left in Chili. By the battle of Maipo it has
ceased to. exist. The prob.shle effects in Peru, and other
parts of South Auw..ica, may he conjectured, but cannot
be affirmed. The same gentleman alio bad been mentioned,
and alio is conversant in Peruvian affairs, apprehended that
important changes would result.
I cannot conclude this pap .r without drawing your at-
tention to a rapid survey of the reforms and improvements
in the province of Buenos Ayres, produced by the Revo-
lution,and its indolence on knowledge, society, and
mallows.
The effects of the Revolution are visible in the changes
produced in the state of society. The difference in the free-
dom of acting and think tug, which preceded the Revolution,
must necessarily be great. The freedom of commei ce must
have given a spring to esestiona of native enterprise and
intelligence, while the active scenes of war and politics, for
the last ten years, have awakened the genius of the country,
which hail so long sliontheied. The generation now ou the
stage may almost he said to have been reared under aurw
order of things. The common stock of ideas among. the
people had been greatly augmented ; the natural come-
listener of the important political events which daily trans-
pired, and in which every mum, like the citizen of Athens,
feels an interest. The newspapers are every where circu-
lated, together with the manifestos of Government, which is
obliged to court the approbation of public opinion on all
measures of moment. It is not very unusual fur the same
countryman, who, a few years ago, never troubled him-
self about any thing beyond the narrow circle of his domes-
tic concerns, is purchase a newspaper on coming to town as
a matter of rows?, and. if unable to read, to request the first
person lie meets to do him that favour. The country curates
are, moreover, enjoined to read the newspapers and ma-
nifestos regularly to their &wile. The spirit of improve-
ment may he seen iii every thing. Even come of those who
are under the influence of strong prejudices against the Re-
volution, fiemiently remark the.changes fur the better which
have taken place. Their habits, manner, dress, and mode of
living, have been improved by intercourse with strangers,
and the free introduction of foreign customs, particularly
English, Areevican, and French. Great prejudices prevail
against whatever is Spanish. It is even offensive to them to
be called by this name—they prefer to he identified with the
aborigines of the country. The appellation which they have
assumed, and in which they take a pi ide, is that of Sunlit
Americans.

A powerful stimulus must necessvri:y have been given to
their industry, by two imp. tant eiremnstantes—the dimi-
nution in prices of foreivi no rchainlise, and the great in
crease in value of the product' of the country, wit ii th. cum
acquent rise of property. Though the grounds in the neigh-
bourhood of cities are highly improved, as I have already
stated. agitcnlture. comparative/ speaking, is in a low
condition. In general the lands are badly tilled. The
plough is 141(14 need, and the substitute is a very indifferent
our. But notwithstanding the disadvantages of the present
method of culture, I was informed by reputable persona
that the average crop of wheat is not lea than tifty bushels
per acre in good seasons.
On the subject of religion, especially, the change of the
public mind has been v. ry great. The Catholic Faith is
established as that of the State, but these arc many advo-
cates, both in c•uuversation and en writiog, of universal to-
leration. Sonic members of Congress are strongly in favour
of it ; but the superstitious part of the tteople. together with
the regular clergy, would not be satisfied with such a sea•
sure—while the liberality prevailing among the better in-
formed classes, is such as to be a virtual toleration for the
present. Besides, front the circumstance of there being tin
sects in the country, such a provision may wait the progress
of libaruhty in public opinion. In fact, the human mind
has been set free un all matters of a general abstract nature,
although the liberty of the press is circumscribed in some
degree o ith respect to strictures on public measures and
men, and the eat:thin:Led religion; hut there is neither in-
quisition nue previous license. •They acknowledge the Pope
as a spiritual head merely, and du not think hint entitled to
ally authority to interfere in their temporal concerns. His
Bull in favour of the King of Spain against slat colonists,
which may be almost regarded as an excommunication, pro-
duced little or no sensation.

'lle number of Muuks and Nuns never was very great in
Buenos Ayr'', when compared with other portions of the
Spanish dominions. They have dimiuishid since the Revo-
lution. There eras at one time a positive law passed, for-
bidding ary one to become a Monk or a Non • but they
were obliged to repeal it, and it was afterwards passel
with some modifications. The restrictions anhistituted, aided
by public opinion, have nearly produced the desired et*.
feet Few of the youth of the country apply themselves
to the study of theology, since other occupations, much
mule tempting to their ambition, have been opened to their
choice. Formerly, the priesthood was the chief aim of
young men of the beat families, who were desirous of dialer-
tioo ; ss, in feet, it constituted almost the only profession,
to which those who had received a liberal education, could
devote themselves; which will readily account for the cir-
cunistatice of so many of the secular clery directing their
altentiffis, at present, almost exclusively to politics. The
regular clef gy, who are not permitted, by the nature of their
profession, to take part in the business of the world, or to
bold 'ocular offices, are many of them Europeans; but those
of them who ors natives, take the same lively interest in
passing events, with the other classes of the community.
TM y have gone cautiously to work iu reforms its the Jiffy.
rent branches of their muniripsl laws, and the administra-
tion of them. The number of offices has lwen considerably
dimiuisheil, 111111 respossibility rendered more direct and se-
m, re. The judiciary system has undergone mauy improve-
ments, and nearly all the leadisig features of the law, which
did nut harmonise with the principles of free goverment,
have been espoused, though some of the former evils still
remaiu. The harbarons impositions on the Aborigines have
been abolished—the odious aleavalla, and other obnoxious

taxes, modified, so as to be no longer vexatione—slavery.
and the slave trade, forbidden in future—and all titles of
Nubility prohibited, under the pale of lust of citizenship.
The law of primogeniture is also expunged from the system.
In the Provisional Statute, as has ahead, been stated, nearly
all the principles of free representative government are re-
cognized, accompanied, it is true, with certain drawbacks,
fur wlnc d they plead the necessity of the times, but which
they profess their inteutitni to do away, on the final settle•
meat of theGove r consummation ■oxiouslydesired

by all classes of inhabitants. The example of France has
warned them not to atlrmpt too much at first: they have
followed the plan of the Untied Stales ist floe iiitlo4lCliOil of
gradiwi 'atoms, instead of resorting to violent and sudden
innovations and revolutions.

Nest to the estehlisbment of their independence by arms.
the education of their youth appears to be the subject of
their most auxious interest. They complaiu that every
possible impediment was Orman in the way of education
previous to the Revolution ; that, vu far from fustering pub-
lie institutiotw for this purpose, several ichools were actu-
ally prohibited in the capital, sad the young men were
uot without restraint perinited to go abroad for their edu-
cation. There was a College at Cordova, at which those
destined for the bar, or the priesthood, completed their
studies; upon the ancient inutakish principles. Another,
called Si.. Carlon (now the Uuiou of the 500110,104 been
opened at Buenos Ayres, but was afterwards converted iato
barracks fur soldiers. It is an immense building, more ex-
tensive, pettiaps, than any which has been dedicated to
learning in this etiology • and U has lately been fitted up at
a very great expellee. The school was to have opened in
May or June last,un a more modern and liberal plan of dis-
cipline and instruction. The library of the State is kept in
an adjuiuin building; it occupies a suit of six rooms, and
contains Hearty 20,000 volumes; the greater part ran and
valuable. It is fermi d nut of the library of the Jesuits, the
books collected in the different monasteries, donations frost
individuals, and as annual appropriation by the Govern-
ment, and contains wockiton all subjeris and 111 all the km-
guages of the polished nations of Europe. A very valuable
arldit• ha. been lately made of several thousand volames,
brottzlit to Buenos Ayres by M. Bouplaud, a companion of
the ei Idirated Humboldt.
Beelike the University of Cordova, at which there are
about WIC bus:tired and fifty students, there are public sehoula
in all the principal town., supported by Ihrir respective cor-
porations -

In illienus .tyres; sides in academy in which
. .

are isuzla the higher brauchrs, and the college Wore men•
Boned, tht le are eight public schools, for whose support 11w
corporation contributes about scrcu thousand dollars au-

nosily; and, according to the returns of the last year, Ike
siumhcr of Nebula's amounted to eight hundred and sixty.
roar. Their are tire oilier schools exclusively fur the benefit
of the poor, and under theehnree of the different monasteries.
Tlirse are supplied wills books and alationery al the priplie
expense. Tin re nee are also parish schools in the country,
for the support of uli,ch a poi lion of the tithes has been set
swirl. it is rare to meet a buy in the city of Buenos Ayres
who cannot read and write. Besides the scholars thus in-
strocied, many have private titters. In addition to all this,
must out omit to mention the military academies sup-
ported by Government at Buenos Ayres and Tucuman, at
which there are a considerable number of ca 4.1..

There are no prohibited books of any kind ; all are per-
mitted to circulate freely, ur to he open's -41 ill the book
stores; among them is the New Testament to Spanish. This
alone is a prodigious step towards theCT3llCipation of their
minds from prejudices. There are several book-stores, whose
profits have rapidly increase.' ; • proof that the member of
readers has augmented in the same proportion. There had
been .• large importation of English buuks, • language be.
CllTisig duly wore familiar to them. Eight years ago, the
mechanic art of printing was scarcely known In Buenos
Ayres; at present there are three printing offices, use of
them very extensive, containing four presses. The price of
printing is, notwithstanding, at least three times higher
that, iii the United States; but, as there is no trade or
intercourse with Spain, all school books used in the
country, sonic of them original, are published at Buenos
Ayres ; the business is therefore, profitable, and rapidly
extending. There are many political essays, which, in-
stead of beisig inverted in the Newspapers, are publish-
ed in loose pitmen'.; there also original pamphlets, as well
as publiestions of foreign works. The Constitutions of the
United States, mud of the different States, together with a
very gum' "Cooly of our country, and many of our moat
important Slate Papers, are widely circulated. The work of
Dean Fumes, the venerable 'Motorist') of the country, cont.
prised in dime large octavo volumes,considering the infancy
of the typographic art in this part of the world, may be re.
garded as an undertaking of some maguitiole.
'fliere are three weekly journals or newspapers published
in the city, which have an extensive circulation through the
United Provinces. They all advocate the principles of
liberty and tepsiblich.l forme of Cuverument, IN none other
would suit the public ts-de. The year before last, it is
true, one of the papers ventured to advocate the restoratiois
of the lucas of Peru, with a limited monarchy, hut it was
badly received. No nropositiou for the restoretion of here.
dairy power of any kind, as far as I cook' leant, will be
seriously listened to for a moment by the people. Even the
ordinary language had changed. They speak of " the Stale,"
" the People," •' the Public," " Country," and use oilier
terms, as in the United States, implying the interest float
each man takes in what appertains to the cainmionity. The
first principle constantly inculcated lA," that all pOWCC right-
fully emanates from the people." This, nod similar rhizome
form a part of the education of the dodders), taught at the
same time with thr or catechism. It is natural that the mis-
sion file free government eleottlit he continually increasing.
A fact may be mentioned to shew the solid advancement
they have made, which is, that the number of votes taken
at their elections increases every year. In becoming habi-
tuated to this peaceful and orderly mode of exercising their
night of choosing those who are to be invested with autho-
rity, the tumultuous and ioregular removal, by a kind of
general oratory or &retail:altos), of those who have been
chuseu, will goaduallyCellse
Rather that disturb the order of society, they will endure
with patience, until the lime arrives for effecting a regular
and constitutional change. Since the election of the preseet
Directors, moue of those tumults. henne so fro (pent, have
occurred. These tumults have seldom been attended n ills
bloodshed; yet they produce great confusion and disorder,
and give rise to habits of insubordination, at the same
time they are ruinous to the chewier of • m.itio•.
The Vice-royalty of Bueuros Ayres differed from the rest in
'inc oupootaut particular. It coutaiined no nubility. or, if
any, very few. This may be regarded as ■ favourable cir-
cionstance in their society. Moodier favourable feature,
very necessary to the successful administration of their af-
fair., is the conduct of many iudividuals who have filled the
highest office of State, io descending from that dignified
situation to inferior posts, and discharging their dillies with
alacrity. Thus we behold General A. Balearce, who was
formerly Director, acting as second in command to Colonel
Ssn Martin. Colonel Alvarez, also a Director at oue period,
now serving its the Staff under the Chief of that Depart-
ment. General Azcuenega, and General Wootton, once
elected to the Chair of Stale, is at present employed in a
minor office. There are others who have occupied the
same elevated post, who have retired to the station of private
citieens.

The general capacities of the United Provinces for na-
tional defence are also important in many psi), eta, The
tare and extent of the country afford the iiiiishitants mime-
runs advantages over an invading army. The ease with
which their herds of cattle may be driven to distant place',
beyond the reach of an enemy, awl the rapid mutt 'neuts
which the troops of the country can make, from the ample
supply of horses and mule., are circumstances of peat con-
sequence in a military view. Even the town.: tint foriitied,
fillth the manner in which they are built, and the construe.
lion of their holism, furnish powerful means for defence, as
the British sooty. under General Whiteluck, expo ienced iu
their attack ou Buenos Ayres.
I am sensible that, in thevienrse of there siaiensimis and
remarks, some inaccuracies and errors must have occurred,
but they have been unintentional I have only to sail, that
the reception of the Comnaissmuers at Buenos .tyres, by the
Chief Magistrate, was friendly suit Battering.
From Class they met with a coral at welcome. The
people, in general, appeared to be very much attached to
the American character, and to the Government and citizens
of the United Stairs. _ .

Should any thong further occurs it shall be made the sub-
ject of a (more paper.
I have the hokum'r to be, wills crest respect,
Yuur most obedient Ail emit,
C. A. RODNEY.

FOREIGN IN fhLLIGENCS.

~~`' _..
~.
