;'

Le clone by n expre,4nii of opiti;:lo, in
4triit as!,. .•1111.0, life that, of the ittpft•-
"ristntivet; f PAI 1;w Citizens of this illilliellße Nit.-

torvolitt. Mr. n vatit.stati Own proittwortf Iris re
jbr which see advertisement in the f i out

page.)
31r. DAVIII, in rising to second the trotiost, re-
quested, for u sheet ti tie, the ifirlul,eitee of the
'Court ; not, hr tthsersetl, nn oreount of nnf
cotssiected with the spitsnit,. --that was iwr-
feetly clear and intelligible--Ittit because it oafs
not its his lower to tleliv,o. Ills sentiments with that
viorpooter, which the grandeur and import: tice of
the subject demanded. in his opitiio4l, the (gunnel
otiOtt to give a !thong and detailed °Pinion on the
interesting qnestion then under cowidoriniais
'
if ever there was an oecusiont nit which the 11esii-
Iles% of that Afoseitibly heal a vi,elat to congvatoltite
thrinselves on•the high honour of a twat there, it was
the peseta, whets a slit:Atom of such iscreat innossi.
toile was illratight before them. Whets they conSi-
tiered their free constitotion, looke' to the
causes a hich led to it, and the source from winch it
pinceeded, they must feel tleepiy interested in the
question then nailer consideration. He would pdt
it to the feeling and judgment of every Gentlethan
who heard liin4 whether they had a right to expect
'rum the sours they had oitnessed dining the two
'est teas., such a result as that Over which they DOW
Mari to mourn? Who could have thought, that a
fswertitnetit, eine ttttt stowed like flint of Fraser, so
mush nah built to British valour and generosity,
would have suffered such oppressions to be prac-
tised against ton. nulitippy Pronstaht brethren?—
The quessirso that arose from this state of things,
could not hut to tisterest every Protestant —" ykluit
are the best efforts that we can flt.ise, in orderlo
rentrdy the evil which we stow deplore, until to pre-
vent its teenrrence in future ?" It must be ad--
milted, that the Court stood high iu the opinion of
flu e try, lUr.its deliberations had always been
narks it by fir sto and independence. It Was
tfwir doty to support this character, and imme-
diately to express their horror of what had beet
dour, and to endeavour, as much its ptoisible,
to alleviate the miseries of the suffering Pro-
testants. Religions men, in this country, had
heard so much on the subject, that they had, them-
selirs, cottiminticated with Government, mid cer-
utility the Government of this countr7 were greatly
mien-stet( in the business. The Ordinance of the
hing of Fustier, which every one had seen, ;tuned
the existence of a state of things iii the southern
provinces, dust ought not to lie suffered. What
this was the proper path algid, the country ought
to ptirstie. in endeavouring tooloain relief for the
perosoi now suffering by iterrectoion R
*frame appeared to I to be the proper mode.
They Itarlfoosail tau wish to hirer new principles on
the Freiwii 'wild., All they wanted was, to see
laws, which at present exuded, tool which bad been
},nasty violated, fairly extended to all. lie was
persuaded, that there was no difference of opi-
-5.1011 talitalgst the Members of the Court, with
respect to the nature of the evil. Perhaps some
might refuse to stioction the motion, on account of
the want of more information. But if stay Gen-
?know, having considered what had been laid be-
ton• them, and Issiviog reflected on the difficulty of
pm/cornet, sit thus case, that species of iiirotoot.
him), which would he sweessary iii our Courts of
Jostler, still rrfwe to give Fes 'letter to time melan-
choly lastory. he would toot believe it, `• although
out. rose from the dead." M., Davis concluded.
11y rapresalia.: has complete st.proiniti of tits mos.
tlllll. To their Aslslress ise %vas convinced his
Rot al Ilfglintsa would return a gracious aud subs-
itietory a uswer.
' Mr. Ovum tat observed. that they were called
iron in the filer of PUrope NMI the world to pro-
test aosiinat scenes, the burr recital of which made
tine's hair stand on roil, and filled the naiad with
horror. Flo corohally ennourreol its the maxim of
not interfering with the sottrind attains of alesalier
Y(4111111 -bat, 11111 was not an liderferetwe within
the sent of that maxim,--it was Pimply a question
01 morn}, 'not politirol interpositiou, and surely
those olio. on is late OWeeitsl ttttt sob geherously inter-
posed in the case of the Slave Trade, would not
eloossioler the IWrSeCntirl of their brethren its France
a subject of less stiontentons interest. To prove
the. severity of this persecotion, the %Versify Groff
tlsonsiti rend au extract from the Rev. Sir. 4 'ooblin's
pamphlet, which stated, on the authotity of a bid-
lrlisi front Nistnes, that sixteen Protestants, upon
One firrasa•f., had their throats cut before their owls
drafts. It Was lamentable to find, that doe mo-
ment Europe Isruosine tranquillised, the Inquisition
reared its lwad in Spoilt, where so much wits done
to Fescue her from slavery, and Selig perfecto-
t 'sot re-appeared It Frsissee, where it was PO long
iosoproPerl to bate hiss extinguished. The NVorthy
(Isodlesnan cattieloilfli. by Warmly approving of the
present motion. It would produce, he wits per-
posa,l,ll, a good nuaitsl 010'1, and :thew Fr ,e that
F.T•lartil would not silently stood lay and see her
fellow Protestants niassatereil.
Mr. I)iftost atimitizal the pure mauve% m whirls
the pre-rut motion originated. Ile cooolol not, how.
ever. lay es'ole his revolleetion of the maxim of
omit-inierfs naive in Ilse affairs of (Alis•r es tries,
whit is hail been so nitro no:tot:tilted by the Wormy
ntientan opposite (Mr. Waithitnifil. Ile did
not soros to land his Irwin, 14.6401 til hi.
expres-
LinlW, aryl Wallttl I.l.llSelli to I.lke than iu u
geur-
ral seie:P.• saltjeci marts u sleb:ate ntse, It
teas totitoportstot to talk of thus oUtlwroticity of the
per.ventootoos soi the Solidi a Fraescer—they were, he
tslutitb ill, but too true. and rested on Paler audio,.
rity than pattsplolet report, which war atuars of a
doubtful siatire, mud Acts tea tae c.olcuiated to de,
erive than to inform. Look: for installer' at PO-
!rep lute work its Frotnee—i man icoviog a descrip-
tion or English amours.* while he was lfaiitelf
rna-
tined in the hulk*..--(Load lattgittet.)-1 he persist-
elitism's in Pram* were *donated olbeio'dy by the
Feeoelo Government, who had' pet oboist rtinetlyilog
thew. What. therefore, could lee dome bore? Ile
at all events, that the .141o1re:.:s merely
evonvey their c.a.., without befog aceompailied
with ant' tattles tloft may lie calculated to
ratter thso'in ifftv'e their cause. It Was pleas-
tug to filo! the Worthy Gentleman (Tlr. U'astb-
nom) getting loinuP, and think otog ni the value or
_ . •
• call, ;mil he (11r.
hapify change.—
theist, he hotw,t
wits mast be

•
' - I
"
r;:rti liic. L,' luuiut la:t, gid i;'
C
r 1)1 %On) er1117;11111..ted limn on the I
i 'tit TC,II/Cet tr. OW 6(.11 hermit.
be cfl‘cti%*, au.! that Lt, 11
:r
