Wa. HUTCHINSON'S ANSWKIL.

" 4, Bulstrode.street Manehestar-equare,
Tuesday, July 13, 1819.
Bttt-1 hope you will nut issagtoe that 1 intended any
disrespect or unkindness fruits sot hayloft immediately au-
awned your letters of the 2811 s Jaw mod 511 t
" &reliant the Petition armed to at the Martin at
which you presided on the Slat Jane, 1 ilrfrrred acktiow-
ledgiuo the rteript of those letters until 1 could inSirm you
that 1 had permuted the Pelilius, which 1 did last Eight,
baying received it only es !Wonky, ilea House oiCousiaoas
sot Wait the *Win. . •
" I hers boa discharged a rows points) duty than that.ot
thus cupoiiaa the ovine solferiogo of so Nosy ilsousamii of
Ny coautrrasu sad fellow-ciliates. I particularly diode

On Motility creuiag, July 19, 1819, the se and Meeting
of the Member. of this Institution took place in the large
room at the Wiadusill, in Stockport, when Mrs. Stewart
tinned that Mrs liallworth be President; she knew from
her well-tried principles, that she was the most proper per-
uke of any other she could propose; her acquirements duly
qualified her fur the office, and, if accepted, she was con-
scions she would give every satisfaction.
Mss. 'Winnow seconded the motion, when it was imam-
diately put and unanimously carried.
Mrs. HALLS/01TH accepted the honour they had dais
her with becoming modesty-41e then addressed the assem-
bly :
“ Lange AND GeNTLealeN—Ben,re we proceed into the
business of the evening, I desire that the Gentlemen will
withdraw; it is not done with a view to transact any thing
of mercer* nature, for it is commonly laid thst women can
keep as *Poets bet overly with • view that if in our debates
(for it is aornethieg new for women to tura political orators), .
we should fur want of knowledge make any blunder., we
should be laughed at, tto prevent which we should pilfer
bring by ourselves ;' their male biretbeco immediately obeyed,
and she proceeded on.
" Ladies, you Aare this evening placed me in a situation
*deb 1 Serer occupied before; 1 kindly thank you fur the
itessaras you have dime me, hat,eannut help observing that I
iem a very outfit person fur the .flee ; but as you have placed
' nes here to protect ludo and peace, I will perform the task
.es wales 1 ant able. I assure you that I am determined to
dedicate to Liberty nay heart, my Moly, yes my very life."
—f UnAonedsd applause, milk cries of " Liberty.^)—" I
am rose, but, I...dies, visages 1 sin, I eats assure you that
the Borough villains have funeisheil me with such a world
life of wretched espertence, that I
.feet fur myself, and
equally with myself, feel for my lejnred plundered cues-
trywomen. This feeling is so acute, that an eternal war is
waged betwixt us, which will never end, but in the eatauci-
psi ion of • distressed and overburdened people from slavery
to liberty.—(Reifereted applause.)—Tbese are sentiments
I imbibed wlseu almost a child, end as I grow older the
grumbling spirit grows strunger—(Laugfifer)—, I thank you,
Ladies, for your kind atteutiou, but assure you I do not look
fur your applause*. Applaud me not, it cannot please me,
for I consider it is say duty to use every ability in the num
without receiving any reward at all for my weak endeavours.
It is a good cause--it is the came of God, for it is the cause
of the people, and the voice of the people is the voice of
God--we, therefore, are sure to triumph. Seeing, thee,
that it is the common can..., let no all Mike, and cram
from persevering in • cause so just and holy, until we fully
possess those constitutive's' lilteri its and privileges which are
the birth right of every Englishman and woman."
The close of this speech was followed by every dentoustra•
tion of applause.
We are sorry to say we enolil not learn the same of the
Lady who Meet addressed the assembly—abe spoke nearly to
the followiug effect :
" Mrs. President sod Ladies, 1 consider it a piece of the
greatest absurdity and presumption In me in attempt saying
any thing, after hearing site% a display of female eloquence
arum of which I will

Since oar last, has occasionally been oppussively hat, the
atmosphere being evidently charged with eiestrical matter.
On Sunday forenoon thutiebe was beard tower& the *on,
and soon burst on the F:nelish shore of the SeWray Pink,
abort Skinbuenesa. Having exhausted its ferry there, it .54-
deroly broke out on the range of kills extending aloes she
eastens edge of Liicharmioseomil advanced up the cause of ff.
the Nish u far ar Sinqiiliar, accompanied is tits prove* by
heavy rein and Ili/laid showers of hail, which did macs&
damage in the gardens and potato Gelds. A very remark-
able waterspout was ohm recd to lemon she hills sear Muk-
ha, when it Gil in view tit many spectators. The storm
also visited Galloway, where the hail was very deatruc- • e
Live, particularly in the parish of Irougrsy. It was particii- g
lady severe unclog the mountains which form the vale of Irf
Ammo. Just as our paper was going to press, we received
a detailed account of the ravages committed by the fossils Ws
the parish of Wanitsbray, which were more desolating thins
any that have occurred in this quarter Airing our remem-
brance, bin want of room compels us to defer the commun.
cation till oral week. The same storm extended a (*mei-
derable way up Ike coarse of the Evan, on the road betwixt
Moffat and Glasgow, and it is said that oar or two bridges
have bees throw* down by the violeuce of the tueresitX •
which the sudden fall of water occasioned. The expliteionls
were every where tremendous. Yesterday, seem Au mil- •
day, another storms broke directly over this town, Usti rani-
used for about to hours, ensilliug the most vivid lightning
sad awful peals of tbauder.--(Duinfries snel Galloway
Curler, July It.)
The river Assuan has bees much swollra since Smithy
last—supposed to be occasion. d by the bursting of a water- •
spout near its source. Several bridges have hems carried
away by the rapidity of the canvas, and much damage has
here done to the crops apes the boluses ou the batiks of the
river.

We are happy to leans that uu part of the damage dim to
lb, roads awl Midges by the late flond in the Neighbourhood
of Moffat falls arm the trnstere on the new lint of road
front Glasgow to Carhale. The principal bridges On that
line are is general uf a single ►pan uf from 48 to 80 fret,
sad du she greatest credit to the engineers and maistrectun,
and we understand the public will won derive the hesiefit of
opening sine of the sections of ibis great natures! eederlak-
Mg.—(Gimpy Chronicle.)
On Sunday the neighbourhood of Moffat was visited with
a dreadful thunder ahem, and the rain accompanying it f. 41
fur i short time in mach tunents, that between Dinwoodis
Green and nine miles this side of MuSit, four Midges were
carried away, and use much dainsged ; in Ismarolernec of
which the London mail arrived al Glasgow two boars later
than usual, the bags having had to be conveyed ire horseback
to meet the coach from Glasgow at next stage. Mach in.
jury has been done to the crops us the sidesuf the hills in that
quartet, and the lime laid down on the fields for ember, has
been almost completely washed away. Sonic individuals have
reperimiced damage to the automat of 1001. lie Monday
morning at two o'clock, at Glasgow, there was Wad &Wader.
end heavy ram. In Gallimgate-street, antwithstseding the
▪ lieWrre, the lower strops were inundated, and MSC
damage done.--(C'elerfonian Mercery )
At Botthwickom Saturday the 24111 inst. was esprientoll
en awful storm of ibesoisr and lisilstunes, which broke limey
pasts uf glass, mad did much destrection to the crops. The
►ail was like picas of ice, many of them meateriog one inch
aid s half by um inch.
Bewley, Cockermonth sod its neighbourhood was tl►lagad
by rain arising 'ruin the thunder-storm.. In the neighbour.
hood of Muster a water.epuut bang ■ud Jul considerable
harm, washing& great quantity of hay .luwii the river F:linn,
and a cow, which was drowned. The lightaing struck a
the

any loan& alter braariog mat a alSplay Of remote etymon.= -- - ---,
frum the Chair. in consideration of which I will not details home its the orighbons hood of Eaglesfit 15, Itnii;• by the
you bug, but Wetly state what I have to say in cunjoactitto same of liaglesdeld Crags, which pc: • 'rated through the
with my worthy Soder. I will art: it is a good mime, I rostfaiset get a best'.'' tire.
affirm it is the must positive terms; it is the ammo. Oa Ikaadoy, during the thsan.l.r-storm, • row boisagteg
cause, and a cause 'kat only requires a little MOM alteistion to Mr. Hodson% of A Ilunhy, was killed by Om IIbAINIIIK.,
pal., to it, to make it victorions--yes ! the cause of. liberty On gendayilast, whilst a nitwit MN/ family, of the mate of
crrtaiuly must be from God, sod if frost him who can Dirket, smiths( its the neighbourhood of Awes Mousy wore
Mu" against him? 'lf God is for us, who ear be habit sitting mood the fire. the ligtesniog deemsolod "MPS the "
i
oar--ibms hail, theet liberty !--expand thy vireos, Into the ebsirow7 wed Ibm le w the whe eras the Cry."' they
breast of every female in its store happy Mail t. let mai- after recovered from the shuck. A yummy girl vim arm* ly
64'm be made in every tows and village in the kingdom rite beret. mod a boy much bort. bet the treat were halo worm
ober, that thou may taste mere take thy treglnt In the ' The subtle element wall attracted by alwmat ormy psore a
breeds of athaabrat
the for
Ithimitesmisklrwavedat pestibieptru....(sioadopfis emrs.t.
co.ererme)...-11 sm.
wirlresswihmothorrerlmonstser,frenwevir•Ltewstgefneatipi•Lwroasurrts lbrh • owns. medal Moor:
•
with other Unbolts for the gement Arm . sod to givesellef •Ilaraldll woe a their past* -1
to imareradol victims who see oolsebtllf WM/ see INNIM ea Vw4";118411111;ble. dlaulmic /6" bred I
C!". • ,
soar. I nerd not my that it hi to he fea go* VON tette , cork, ,Etal:Letter.M.,,_,"Matimi,_._
_,.• qw..442)41t , . -
Ja 1001 l to our 'worthy. patriotic. dad 'breve Mood. Oss Mn. 4.8mr.) 6.1 I,
oseph 'tarries., who, it is mid, has • bill ream; spigot sfoortaL)
