TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRITISH PRESS.

.January 1840.
Sin—As I yesterday promised, I reenme my ours. of
Mr. fllimon's pamehlet. This pamphlet, as the title pur-
ports, ir, for the principal part, a reply to a Memorial pre-
seined by Ile Royal Theatres to the Lord Chamberlain
agsiod the Olympic and Sans Pareil Theatres, praying his
I lordship to 'suppress them. th-y having become Theatres
tor 11w performance or the Ilidiotait DRAMA, which asser-
tion the) att•sni.:ed to prove by instancing what they called
0' The Tragedy of Fazio, performed at the Olympic in a
meluedramatiaed shape, the performance of this and
similar pie' es, they conleuded, bad destroyed their pa-
tent rights, upon the faith of which a million of nosey
hail been of late years embarked in their two Tine-
Ws. That these pieces were not Barletta:, but neither
more nor lets than pieces of the regular drama," with
ollser allegations equally liberal aid correct. As these
are the imputed grounds of grievance now brought wont
use by Mr Vinton. it is very clear I cannot du better than
furuiah him with his own answera to theta when brought
agniint himself, moil if a marls own words do not satisfy and
rotivinee himself, lie mint certainly be Iraq satisfied with
I :toself than I apprehend to he the case with Mr. lEllistoo,
oho has never yet been suspected of Matt using his own
I.cvrr, of persuasion. I must Mr. Allston the justice
t,, say, he his most ably and effrctively combated the as.
soil ions of his opponents. In answer to the charge of per-
pouting the regular drama, the charge he now twinge against
me, Mr. Ciliaton says •• instead of complaining that the
Minor Theatres have become Theatres fur the performances
of she 'rental' drains, they should leave told your Lordship
(1. c. the Lord Chamberlain) that the Patent Theatres have
I•er'ne Theatres for the display of the irregular drama.
the encroachnsent was, in truth, contained by the
Fnient Theatres on the .Minor Thealr.s, and not by the
:nor Theetres un the Potent Theatres; and it was in the
else of eogroasing the whole store of stage exhibition, from
ere deepest p ills of tragedy to the highest flights of tight
rope daneiag, from the ambling. of the port to the ambling.
of
the tidier/Amuse, from the splendid illusions of the scene-
painter to the slopping, of the stage with c Real Water,'
Una" the attic pinyfultiess of • Congreve to the more con-
genial playfulness of Pass its Boots, that the memorialists
1,3,1 on this occasion resolved to call in question your Lord-
ship's; genii conduct and good sense; to ask your Lordship
id 'nullify and to mollify you, own acts ; to beat dotes, alto.
,ether, if they could, their eighbaure fences ; and, at
aAi ram, to try to strip Ikon neighbours of the slight rk-
s,riptions of attraction they possess, which, homely as they
are. ate nut too homely 16 lie an of of jealousy and emu-
legion to the pelf-evilest sisp,nrters' nod dispensers of
• re dignities of the !Carlo:vac DRAMA."
{HI smother part of his work he has ulau the following ad.
etional observations un this point : " If I thought fit, I
'might fairly protest against any evidence attempted to be
fimanded on the names given al 'lllwatres•itOyal to pieces pro-
duced at these Theatres. Patent' pieces, my Lord, arc not
vorreqsently likes patent notalicines,' the names bestowed
au each are those which may stake them most current and
profitable. la both 411148 opiates are sometimes dispensed
as enliveners; sad things are dealt out as tunics which
tease no effects but those of languor and exhaustless. Under
the WSW remedy; the 'customer shall ales' get !nothing
hut • broodforee;' and seen sunder tne name of tragedy,'
he shall souttelimes find no small quantity of the same spe-
cific." All the pieces hitherto produced under Mr. Ellisiou's
management, at Mary-lane Theatre, must admirably illus-
trate and confirm these observations. I should hope the
deep domination of their taking ill" will sharpen Mr.
-I.lliaton's future judgment, aid thus bring good nut of
evil. Of the first, Ike Fisherman's lint, auncoueced
'surely by mistake, as coming from the honoured pen of
lamented Tobin, what was " presented to us under
the mime of drama," did, indeed, " turn out to be broad
Imre," enclosing the dress of ribaldry, while " its serious
wits furnished no small quantity of the same specific ;" of
oho farce, the Disaltestabk .surprise, ear Salem top and
taken in, the reception of which, no doubt, moved a !nay
d.sagreeable surprise to the great )tanager—the pubic were
indesol " taken in," for " shat was dealt out to them as a
tunic," most certainly "left no effects but those of lanesoir
aoil exhaustion." But this subject has been " taken up" by
mooch abler pens than mine ; I will, therefore, pass on ou
the last striking instance, the comedy of Gallantry, dispeus.
eil to the public as au enliretter, when, in point of fact, it
turned out to be the must determined and inveterate opiate
that ever stretched the jaw. of a yawning suffering audience;
hot it as gone to sleep for ever—it has descended to the tomb
of all the 112apulen, so peace be with its ashes. It has served
most Strikingly to prove to Mr. Clinton his tame is not so pa-
ranoia ~,,, ,uur is his judgment so infallible as lie had supposed,
and the' fruit it has not* been played is rain; it win more
to him too, on dispassionate reffectiou, that it is not su dlr.
scot to judge of the merits of a comedy, as he last Satur-
day, in one of those gratuitous oratorical fourishea lie so
often favours the public with, laboured to convince then,.
But to smarts to Mr. Elliston's published wink. The prio-
ems! !fathom...l:e at my Theatre, which that Gentleman has
cdusen to consider as an offence against the law, and for
'attach be is row so actively calling down on my devoted
loud its heaviest penalties, is, it will be recolketed, the
nielo-dratuatiziog Richard the Third, by Mr. Muncrief,
imitation of Mr. Elliston's adaptation at the Seoul' Theatre.
Of the propriety of wielo-dramaticog a hardy at a Minor
Theatre, this convepiert pamphlet (in .eply to the charge of
playing the regular drama) furnishes a variety of unanswer.
able argument.
Speaking of the melo.draina formed from the tragedy of
Fazio, Mr. Ellioon remarks--" the tragedy of Fazio was
written sad published some time ago, by an ingenious gen-
ilensau, seal, although entirely at their command, remained
long roused and ithootieed by the conductor, of the Theatres
Royal. Another ingenious gentleman, my worthy Mani,
Mr. T/40IIIIUS panne, lke Proprietor of the Surrey Theatre,
sew merits in the piece, which the Conductors of the
Theatres Royal could taut see, end, with his usual adroit.
sews, combined panages from this neglected publication,
with musical symphonies, with deice, and with otberalseb
appendages, so as to hem am elegant sad tuterestiapundo•
dramatic pion, adapted tons style of performances of hie
era Theahn." Mr. Elfish/nes misditoutts towards his worthy
filmed, Mr. Thomas DibOln, whom every ass dist keens •
most esteem, sprees. to have changed most osantoontolOy
slept the stied period of the poblinattnerre this poseMsloti for
by his attempts Mob" suppressing.' a War; and eoliiirgeondy
metier mimic Theatres, it is clear he is doing all•is his power'
I. redoes his worthy fries/ to beggsryiond that too for the

THE BRITLSH PItE,SS.

•I:1 t!.

LON DON,
SATURDAY, JANUARY 22, 1220.

The Paris Papers of Monday and Tuesday ar-
rived at a late hour last night. The Multitesir an-
nounces a new revolt in the Cadiz expedition so
long preparing at that port for South A metier. The
first symptoms of it broke out on New Year'. Daly.
and extended through the whole of the quarters of
the army in that vicinity destined for this service.
On the id the troops seized the person of the Com-
mnrider-m-Chief, who was protected only by a
guard of honour. On the 3,1 they attempted to
surprise the magazines; but finding the in 'rims
mid militia of Cadiz under arms to oppose them.
they dispersed, and their leaders threw iloonselves
into the neighbouring mountains, apparently with
intent to seek refuge at Gibraltar. We have often
expressed an opinion that this Cadiz expedition will
never sail. It is a matter of little conterquesice.—•
The Patriots of South America have nothing to
fear frosts troops that liaise displayed so great au aver-
sion to that service.—The Chamber of Deputies was
expected to meet on Wednesday to receive a report
from the Committee ol Erections. Tkie Five per
Cent. Consuls were ou Monday 73 f. 15 e.--Iliak
Actions 1,4i5 f. •

The following are extracts
PARIS, JANUARY 18.
We remarked
_yesterday that the. health or his-
fifii,jesty is so cao6rtged that be no longer uses a
stick when walking. His Majesty transacted busi•

ness this Morning until one u'elock with M. Pas-
rion-r, and frorn one till two with M. !toy.
The Hoglish Journsls did not arrive yesterday.
If the severity of the senior, *should cuntitise, it
is proposed to estalili.lt m each of the twelve di9,-
trich. of Maio a rapacious warm place fur the re-
ception of three ur fuar hundred persons.
MADRID, JANuAttY 8.

The steeds of insubordination which the agents
of the rebels of America had sown in the expedi-
tionary army, and which give birth to plans of
insurrection, which the activity Of government and
the firmness of the chiefs stifled in the, month of
July .it, appeared anew on the first day of the
year, and produced some disorder iu the troops
of the expedition contoned in the intermediate
villages between Cadiz, Grenada, and Seville.
The mo►ement commenced with a battalion of
isrfsntry posted at Las Cebrz•s, awl communicated
itself to a part of the troops stationed between
Esprra and l'illsmartin. These latter proceeded
on the 2.1 to Arco'', where Ott head•quurters were
established, and seized upon the person of the
General-in-Chief, who had no troop■ except Lis
guard of honour. Ou !hi• 3d they made un at-
tempt to surprise the Forerdero (near Cadiz),
where the magnatines of the expedition are farmed;
but having found the marines mid militia of Cudix
under arms. the insurgents found that they had
missed their blow, and began to divperse. Their
chiefs threw themselves into the mountains of
Rondo, apparently with intent to effect their escape
to Gibraltar.

The troops of the expeditionary army burin
joined tl►ose cantoued in Andalusia, under the
command of Lien'ensot•General Don Manuel
Freyre, have been iu motion since the Sth, to secure
tranquilli►y.
____

La•t evening, about six o'clock, the Pam&
REGLNT armed at Caritas. Noose from Brightest.
We ►egret to state that the latest accounts from
Sidmouth represent the illness of his Royal High.
ness the Duke of KIM? as having assumed an
alarusiug character :

M Woolbronk Cottage, Sidnioulio,
J•nitary IS. 11110, 9, a. at.

" Ills Royal Higbeess the Duke of Kra* experieseed lest
night eeosiderable increase of his complaint, but we Rod Me
Itu)al Highness somewhat better this morning.
(Sighed) " .1. WILSON, M.D.
" W. G. MATON, M.D."
" Woo!brook Collage, Sidmouth,
January IS, 1820—b, p. w.

" His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent his loot soma
comfortable sire'', and is at present in a inure fscrinsrable

(Signed) " J. WILSON, M.D.
" W. G. MATON, 31. D."
Sidannistli, Devon, January 23, 1820 a. as.

Since the 1131 e of our last Report, his Rnyal Highness
the Duke of Kent is become ninth worse, sod his danger is
wonsidtrably increased.
(Signed) " J. WILSON, M.D.
" G. MATON, M.D."

Several of the Officers belonging to the Irish Le-
gion' raised by General D'EVEREUX, who lately
went out to join the Patriot army in South A nie-
ries, have returned from the Island of Margarita,
where they were landed, and published stateMents
censuring his conduct, and the powers which
lie bas exercised in question. ‘Ve understand that
Grit. D'EVEREUX has prepared an •tiower for pub-
lication in the 1)ulilior Papers, in which these charges
torigiinited, sod we own that we will feel surprise
and regret if lie shall lint prove, AS his numerous
friends have always considered him, a man of
honour, principle, and humanity.

The See of la-t night is finite facetious in its
strictures es; our construction of the Act of the
present Session, respecting the security required to
be given by • certain class of literary publications.
The Sun ridicules nor fears that the present daily
Alorning rod Evening Newspapers. such as 1416
BRITISII PRESS, T:ie GLOBE, 'I
HE SUN, &C. •re
comprised within the class of publications from
which this extraordinary guarantee is required.
We did not suggest these doubts to invite this
visitation of the law, but with a vie"; to have the
point settls-sl, and the public press protected against
the consequent es of an involuntary error. Happy
shall we lie to find our fears groundless ; but spots
have been recently observed upon the sun's dick,
avid it will not surprise us to find that in this in.
stature they have cast a shade upon the literary
evening planet that bears its stains.

It is not very difficult to collect from the reports
of the proceedings at the severil Quarter Seavions,
now holden its various parts of the country, as well
as from articles of intelligence occasionally stop-
pile', by the I'roviui•ial Vipers, that the existing
laws, framed avowedly for the preservation of game,
are not surticirot to prevent the crime of nightly
poaching, and that not even the terrors of seven
year►' transportation to Botany Bay, with all the
horrors of its " Middle Passage," C4ll save hares
and pheasants from dying ignobly by the unquali-
fied 'muds of plebeians.
None can feel inure sensibly than we do the De_
crsaity of checking, by every proper means, the
crime of nightly marauding, sod we are quite ready
to admit that Ilse serious character of the offence,
■nd the importance of preventing or punishing the
offenders, might be fairly pleaded in justification
of those who contributed to frame and uphold the

present villein of nor game laws. To the far
greater part of mankind no rating of correcting so
evil habit presents itself so resdily as severity, mid
when the first experiment fails, nothing seems to
their so proper or Su natural for ensuring the suc-
cess of the nest as to increase the measure of
severity, and they flatter themselves with escaping
the ■taiu of inhumanity and the charge of im-
policy, by cligisilyhow their impetuosity and obsti-
nacy with the amiss of firmness and consistency.
To those, however, who have tried the experiment
in its amended state, and again find it unsuctessfel,
no excuse remains ; and if they act with honest
intentions, or be sincetely desirous of effecting the
object they profess to have in view, they will depart
from the principles on which they have hitherto
proceeded, but which experience has taught them
to be erroneous.

The Game Laws seem now to be wound up to
the highest point of penal rigour to which they can
possibly be strained ; every means which ingenuity
end power, interested in the preservation of a during
monopoly, could suggest, have been idopted for the
prevention of intruders. No man can lawfully
kill game who is not possessed of a certain landed
property, arid if his fortune be one shilling less
than the amount prescribed, lie it not entitled to
kill ■ partridge or a hare, even upon his stern lands,
although such partridge or hare may have been
bred within his own fish's, and fattened by his own
property : no amousit of personal property can
authorise the pawnor to enjoy the amusement of
shooting, or even to purchase the luxury or game
far his table. The punishment of seven years'
transportation is denounced against the uufurtunate
man who should plenum to invade the preserves,
of game; and yet, notwithstanding the accumts
Lotion of penal statutes, mid the energy with which
they are enforced, the pooches. still braves the
fire-arms pf the keeper and the terrors of the
Net the dried of being shot in the very moment of
his guilt, or of emorniniog murder in defence of
I►is own person and liberty, in the probable event
of bring attacked, not even the assurance that if
discovered he will be torn from his home and his
Family, and reduced in a distant country to a state
of slavery, can deter him from this dangerous pur-
suit—the preserved are invaded, the game is killed,
and the phoning, and partridges nod their way
to the tables of the rich and luxurious, to be most
devoured by persons who perhaps never
had an acre of land in their lives, nor had ever been
prevent at the loading of a gun.
In the report which on Wednesday we laid be-
fore our readers of the charge mode to the Grand
Jury by the Chairman of the Norfolk County Ses-
sions, the prevalence of poaching in the courtly of
Norfolk was strongly noticed, and some cases of
very desperate conflicts between the keepers and
poachers were to be found it their calendar. The
Learned Chairman seemed to feel the insufficiency
of the existing laws to suppress the crime, and
therefore very naturally, according to his notions,
suggested a wish, under the shape of a supposi-
tion, that " the Legislature might interpose, and
make the buying of game subject so some strong
penal enactment." We do not know the precise
degree of strength which the Learned Gentleman
would recommend in this " penal enactment," but
we presume that as he nods the existing " penal
enactments" not sufficiently strong fur his purpose,
nothing would satisfy him but that the buyer
should accompany the poacher to assist in the colo-
nization of New South Pales. It is not improba-
ble that this Gentleman speaks the opinioas of
many other Gentlemen, some of them, perhaps,
Members of Parliament, and we should not be sur-
prised if an attempt were made in the next meeting
of the Legislature to extend to the buyers of game
the same penalties that are now denounced against
those who supply it to fend their guilty appetites.
It would be well, however, if the Members of the
Legislature, feeling that some alteration is tweets-
airy in the Game Laws, should reflect how little
they have gained by the severity they have hitherto
pursued, and possibly they might at length feel the
propriety of retracing their steps, and altering the
principles on which they have acted. The pur-
chase of game, we agree with the Learned Chair-
man of the Norfolk Sessions, is the stimulant to the
crime of poaching; but does lie entertain a hope
that any laws, however severe, will debar the rich
and luxurious citizen from enjoying game ut his
table ? The demands of luxury and wealth meat
and will be supplied, and witless sonic lawful
means be devised of bringing game to market. it
will be brought by illegal runup., no nuttier at what
ri►k. Game cannot now be imported from France,
and to be procured to tertisfy the claims of luxury,
the game-covers at home must be invaded. The
difficulties interposed in the way of procuring game
render the acquisition more valualde, for the
reward will always Ilse in proportion to the danger
and difficulty of the enterptise. The law must
counteract the ordinary effects which► luxury on one
part, and the desire of gain on another, have ewer
produced, before it can confine the exclusive enjoy-
meat of partridges and pheasants to the blister of
the Lords of Manors, and other persons qualified
to he sportsmen.
What, in fact, has hitherto been the consequence
of the severe laws now in operation ? Have they
attained any one of the objects which their framers
contemplated ? We cannot Nippon any chess of
men so selfish as to desire m monopoly in the

enjoyment of game; but even if this were one
object with the country gentlemen, they have
failed in it. Have they deterred pinie.liers Iron)
nightly marauding? Se much the contrary, that,
if we can judge froth the state of the calendars at
Sessions, and from the statements that nce-itionally
appear Iti the •rdiosry sources of publi:: intelli-
gence, the crime of poaching seems to have at.
awned a darker and more desperate churacter that
we ever before remember it to hove fliliced.
We do not hear now so much of a sago
poacher being seen lurking behind a !ledge, sad
parties bring fumed, well armed, with desperoa
eonfidenze invading • gentleman's estate, and shnat,
tug his game almost within sight of his
Should the poachers be attacked, they are re.us.
batik, and wesconstantly read of desperate and .se.
goinary altirmishes ncourring between tn.- krepere
sod the poachers. This evil is far front closm4
h'ere: such aceoes harden the minds of those en-
gaged in them, and prepare them for It'll more des-
perste und wicked courses, and the man who cora-
menet' a poacher soon becomes • burglar aid
highwayman. Such, however, most be the ease
long as the principle now pursued continues to 1,
the basis of legislative proceedings. Every irkerra,r
of severity has only added to the desperate charac-
ter of the offenders, and while Parliament hav hTen
striving to save the blood of the hare. and ;then-
' sante, it has only sharpened the sword to Ire direct-
ed with more desperute courage against the lives of
our fellow men.

Our limits will not permit us to pursue thus sub-
ject farther at present.

A pocket is arrived at Falmouth from New
York, is. 45 days, bet the letters and papers 611,1
Dot readied town yesterday.

Yrotonloy a Coed of Directors woo held st the
Emit India Hou•e, when the natlee•eeetitianeil
were taken up (or one voyer in the Cosopsey's
►ervice, and thus stationed, vi t.... •
Brothers, 42 toss; Citadels, 329 toms; Asia, 4"06 toes;
Hyprrims. 414 loss.; and Regret, 3 tnea—for Bombay
direct.

Coromandel, 643 tons; new Ship, 47R ion.; W. rtno,
416 lows; Woodford, 644 tom; Noses, 630 imp.: Hann.
ton, 432 tong; Lady Wks, 647 tons; sew Ship, 470 inns.
Lady Carrington, 396 inns; Asia, 410 tons ; TinvindrJ,
tons; Providence, 472 tons; James Sibbalil, 667 ice,
Klrketts, 409 toast Richmond, 466 tons; sad Miceli's, 4." t
tuns—fur Demgal direct.
The Jamaica Courant of the Bth of November,
says—" We learn by recent accounts from Car-
thagena, that an American schooner had arrived et
that port ufier a short passage from Porto Bello,
and communicated information that the insurgent
privateer, who had bean erff Panama, bad proceeded
from thence, and that there was a free ingress into
the port for traders; she also states, that a packet
had arrived with letters from Lima, saying, that
the Spanish vessels of war from Cadiz had
otf the port of Callao, and two leesurgesit.privateei.,
which annoved the Royalists' vessels, immediately
made off% information is derived from the Victory,
of Lord COCHRANE having taken at brig, celled
the Nose, from Lima, hound to Panama, 'edit
400,000 dollars en board. General Hoax, on un-
derstandiug this circumstance, sent the information
to Captain HART, of the Sapphire, at the time
lying in the Rio Chagres, to request that he would
*end and demand the restoration of the vessel,
which his Lordship refused to deliver up, soiyilig
thut British vessels should never be a cover for
enemy's property."
The herald, lIADAWAT, and the Diana, herb
from Honduras bound to L lost, were totally last
near Honduras during a heavy gale, previots..io. the
sth November. The cargoes were expected tir be
saved.

The Admiralty Sessions will commence on 117,i.
day next. There •re several charges for trial 01 4
very sggr•vated nature.

A letter from Bristol, dated January 19. sayt
" Either owing to • barge striking agatiistli. or to
the sudden breaking up of the frost, or prrhttps
to both, one of the Iron ribs of tiarford's bridge,
leading to Totter:down. gave way this- morning
about eight, and carried with it the font pavemert.
iron railing, gar pipes, kr. on the eastern side. Ti e
crash was tremendous ; a man and woman we re
passing at the time, both escaped without inju,y,
Inn of course extremely frightened. The moron.
ing coaches from Beth and London were obstruci.
ed in their passage, end obliged to turn through a
new and unfinished road, which lead, over Bed-
'Moister-bridge; here Fun-tna's Express cold',
outward., from the unevenness of the road, asset
the obstinacy of • wa.;gon-driver, upset on the
river side, and two outside p teseegers and 11,
coachman were thrmin down the steep bank, used
would probably have perished in the river, which
was swwwinic with increased velocity from she thew,
if • sack of oats, also thrown from the top of the
coach, and which was impeded in its progress by a
stone, had uot provident Silly formed an &num:-
dots within two rum of the %viler. No material in-
jury was however done ; the crowds that wrre
!oohing at the bridge immediately ran so render as-
sistance, and the coach was raised sad proceeded nit
its j uurory.—The weather has been extremely st vere
here ; and the float continued • scene of amuse-
ment. On Sisturiley the 15th hid. and Seinday, :r
novel sight drew additional thousands. A large We t
India vessel, she Stedfast. belonging to Atiterms..
Daniel. was released from her coulinemest bv cu-
ting a canal iu the ice; the process was perform."
by making sections of td to 18 feet didsfire, .4.1
drawing thews emilernentli the main body.
was choose by the mess standing nn the detached piece
and by the help of lever*, forcing it below the let .1
Jf die surrounding ice.—The Jame and Bar/hoe.
another West India vessel, woo else cut oute moo
taken through Bathurst basis; hut the' pilotage 1.. r
the Medireat eras cut all the way so sir Doek kit the
Ilutereti•-44, It is an ill wind that blowsy miaow auy
good," and by the above contrivirevew • dumber of
urea were oesployed who otherwise *ssM Mae hart
no mesas obtatuing by labour their reqer,itit
food."

•-_ii.-•1,. .. , ---1.4.2._-,.. k„ 0
...„..
4v,- -...• el, • ..„--...404: - !..-4, -...„.....- -...,
"rlat
t- . - .5:1 i..tf2. Irv. 2 st-
,e.....
...- *- 6- .ee ..y. ; . r

c.4SIIIONABLE ARRIVALS gni DEPARTURRS.

• ARRIVALS.
and Lady Holland, yesterday, at Holland House,
en,ington, from Brighton.
Lend ‘Viiliam Fitzgerald, at his honse in Lower Berkeley-
:Amyl, .f. own tour.

,
cloaiii!wt., sa She Mount Hotel, Lower Grosvenor.
'I I. hots, the tide of Wicht.
.131,1111 Dawson, Bari. st ditto, from his seal in Berks.
DEPARTURES.
The Marquis and Marcl:ioneas of Taviatork, for Oakley
House, from the Duke of Bedford's seat, %Woburn Alihee.

Lord and Lady Arundel, for their seat, Windom. essite,
•mm a visit tu. the Marquis and Ma►chiuuess of Bucking-
ham, at their seat, Stowe, Bucks.
Hon. Colonel Seymour, from Cholmondelty House, fur
Windsor.

1)1. and Mn. Woodcock and family, from Greillou's
!hod, Alkmaarle-street, for their mat, wear Rotatory, Haat,

THEATRES.

DRURY-LANE.

S!I ESVE A RE'S Othello was presented at this
tin..tre Lt.t night to an elegant audience. Mr.
lie' i'ornied the Moor in his best Ey ir ; slid
Mr.. W. W EST delighted the audience by her
(!haste and beautiful acting in the soft Desdemono.
This Lady is now (.ince Miss O'Nctu.'s recess
from the stage) the only actress that holds pre•emi-
ntnce in that particulAr cast of character.

SURREY.

The following Address was spoken by Miss
Cm PEI. •V D, at the above theatre, on Thursday
night, by way of Prologue to the new historical
ludo-dramatic burletta, called Ivanhoe :
( miss COPELAND enters, reading a play Gilt)
So many names, and not a pert fur me,
This moot be some strange oversight ;—I
" Ladies," " Wild Women," "Jewesses," and sore
I might play one of 'ens—l, who was pour,
Betrajd Madge Wildfire—l, who in this alga
Was ('war de Lion's wire, and may again
Your sympa►hetic approbation prove,
While chanting forth—(sings)—" Oh Richard! oh my
Love'•'
And more than that, in which I most delight,
Iya, one of yollf " Splint Children;" but to-night
I'm to be nistiliag—all these words I said
To Mir sage Manager, who shook hi• head,
And an.wered, " Fanny," for he calls we so,
" You're not forgot—you must before us go,
And ask your friends, the audience, to reflect
On what we've undertaken—dmi't neglect
To urge 'twas very few short days ago
SI'WP first in print appear'd Sir leashes ;
Pow much were halt to do, to think, and write,
Compose, rehearse, paint, sew, embroider, and
What nut, to bring him here to-night.
Till 'em, too, we arc fearfully aware
That ev`iy reader—above all, THE PAIR,
Will look for this, or that scene, which our space
Of time and limit, may not yield a place;
And each will think the subject we neglect,
• Unless they see what they may molt affect."
Now, Gentlemen and Ladies, thsi"tia true
l'in angry with the ltnrd, I must tell you,
If three thick volumes in three: cgs you ask,
It may he, probably, no easy task
Your wishes to fulfil—and that ou man
Can offer better than the best he ran
Fl* has done all oar limit will permit,
And, if you wish fur more—just stop a bit
"Tillbe can learn your pleasure, in a thrice
He'll write a Supplement to suit Half-price.
Wire and Gentlemen, where we have tried
To win your smile., those smiles were ne'er denied.
To-n,glit we hope sod fear, as well we may,
?oar judgment on no common-place essay.
Prometheus-like, we dared of late aspire
To catch a spark from bright Mid-Lothian's fire ;
And while repeating now a well-told tale,
if in the rash attempt our efforts fail,
Forgive what, if from you we take our sense
Of right and wrong, and folio ly judge from thence,
Will be, upon these boards, our Poet's first offence;
Forgive it, should it be one, we imploie,
And we'll endeavour to do so no more.

The Doke of SUSSEX is not gone to Sitlmnuth.
After the meeting lust Monday, his Royal Iligh-
isess went in his chariot to Islington, where his Ira-
welliog carnage was waiting. Suit immediately pro.
retried on his route to Mr. COKE'S. where his
lineal Ilighoe's is expected to remain until next
Weilne"day.
The Earl and Countess of HARRINGTON enter-
tained on Thursday the Earl out Cou.itess of
SuFTON, Lord WILLIAM FITZGERALD. 11-loss. Mr.
and Mrs. SzazooPz, and several other fashions.
Me., at their house in the Stable-yard, St. James's.
Sir WILLIAM SCOTT. Bart. will give a grand
ectertaititnent this dry to a large party of distin-
giii,lied personages, tit his residence in Grafton-
street, Bond-street.
OtiTINI4N LECTURES.—IL is thought that a
ilissonahie lesson has been given in these Lectures
to iiitermedillitig anonymous letter writers, in the
instance of the extracts from them we this day
advertise. It were to be wished that this leimin hod
been se SuCetstrui, that uo subsequent spt mourn to
that which called forth its instructive denunciation
had been hazarded; but this furnishes a fresh
motive to enforce the lesson by our advertisement,
which, for sufficient reason', public or private,
direct* the curious to so central a pituatiou as the
bookseller's shop. which it indicates.
Stoke Park. near Windsor, affords st present a
roof triumphant to the friends of taste, that land-
.rape gardening is not to be considered alone as au
n-riarsieutal art. In the dearth of Want of employ-
meot for llalt poor. the labour of eilleyations result.
;i4 from the enclosure, win call them off horn their
inw earrings on the public roads, to return in
,I:ii.ble number to be employed in gravelling private
ones ; thus offueding them ample employment,
mottever the duration of the filial.
/to the. P.tac- now in the Wheel are Money
(Bank Note% or Gold B.re), and all will iw drawn
tan Eatrolay Nees, the 29111 instant—There are TWO Prizes
NI,GOOI, 'asides oth. e Capitals ; and T. SIMI .--cusimeods
:la 130 y at In. offices, 4, Corehith or 9, Cbaense.
rcws, as the decision of these Capitals concludes the Cou•
tom
SINGULAR OCCURRENCE.—ThorwIay morning
a rournietable crowd of persons •satinbled tau
Wt-stminv.er-lwidge ; the object of attraction wit.
ontortnintte pig that Nod strayed from the shore
at .11illh.ok, and haring got on a piece of ice,
aiore it sat with great composure, was, carried
flov.ii the river by the current. S 4 vrral vestrymen
put off, and rescued the strimisA navigator from his
ptcloeth sitaayuu.

LAW INTELLIGENCE.

cots* 4,41441*, b.cou: 1114
FRIDAY, JAN UARY 21.
•

-••••••
CONTEMPT OF COURT.
CLANDESTINE MARRIAGE.
IN THE HATTER OF ANTHONY J. DEANE. ESQ..
A MINDS, AND A WIND OF CHANCERY.

When this case C3lllO before the Court in the
shape of it motion, for the commitment of Mr.
stud Mrs. Stables to the custody of the Wardell of
the Fleet Prison, fora contempt of Court, in con.
niving at the elopement of their daughter, Sarah
Elizabeth Stables, a young Inds only 17 years of
age, to Gretna Greets, with the ward of Court, who
is not 19 years of age, we reported the circun,•
steuces. osl Out occasion, it will be recollected,
the Lord Chancellor directed the cure to stand
over, for the purpose of giving Mrs. Deane, the
mother of the ward, an opportunity of presenting a
petition._

Mr. WETHERELL this day stated, that the peti-
tion had been tiled, according to his I,iirdship's
stiggeption. It prayed, that it might be referred to
the Master, to inquire into and report the circora-
stances of the marriage of the ward of Court with
Miss Stables, at Gretna Green, nod for au injunc-
tion to restrain them from being again married in
this country, The petition charged, that Mr. and
Milia.k.S(abltes, the parents of the young Lady, con-
nived at the =image. It would not be necessary
for hint to state over again thn affidavits on which
the original motion was grounded, as they must be
in the recollection of the Court. Ilia Lordship,
he was convinced, did not forget the scene that
took place at the {mese of Nlr. Stables, in Ha-
nover-street, Hanover-rquitre. on the night of the
14th of December, when the elopement look place,
The drowsiness of Mr. Stables, the father, that
caused him to go to bed at an early brim., and leave
the ward and hie faintly sitting ap ; his two sons
being afterwards visited with the same disease, and
gt,itig to bed, leaving the ward over a glass of wine
and water in the drawing-room shine with the
young lady and her mother ; Miss Stables going
to aliew the ward down stairs, anti stepping out of
the back door with him into a chaise and four, and
driving off to North Britain to be married. Ile
would take the liberty of asking why the younger
Mes•rs. Stables should retire to bed, leaving their
young friend, the ward, drinking wine and
water ? Was it merely by accident that they
went so prematurely to rest, or was it that
they should not see their sister elope with their
now brother-in-law ? It was a want of politeness,
a want of courtesy in them, to leave their guest
drinking wine and water alone with their sister and
mother. The father might he exensed fur this
breach of good manners, from old age or.indisposi-
ti ... but where was the apology for the sons ?
They were told by the affidavit of Mrs. Stables,
that in three ... i . lutesafter her dunghter had left the
drawing-room with the ward, site knew of her
elopement, and that she alarmed the family. On
this alarm having taken place, be would have ex-
pected the sons would have immediately left their
bed-rooms, instead of which they say its their affi-
davit, that it was twenty minutes afterwards be-
fore they had done so.

The :LORD CHANCELLOR-14 Do they say they
went to bed or not ?" .

Mr. 11rETHItostr., in continuation, said it did
not appear, but they asserted that they came down
stairs half dressed, and found that their sister had
eloped three minutes before; that they ran nut into
the street, hut could not see any thing of her; tlart
on their return to the house they learned that the
young couple had gone over Hounslow Heath. It
did not appear on the face of the affidavit from
whom they had this informittiosi, but he would take
it for granted that the cook-maid was their infor-
mant, on which they obtained a post-chaise and
four as soon as they could, and followed the fugi-
tives into Bedfordshire, where they found it was
useless to follow them, as they had got so much
a-head of them, by having relays of horses on the
road prepared for them, on which the deponents
returned to London ; and they deny that they knew
of the intended elopement, or were in any way privy
to it. John Stables, one of the deponents, denied
that on Toesiky the 14th December he called at Mr.
Rainsford's seat in the Registrar's Office, and in-
quired if the minor was made a waist of Court, but
admitted that on the evening of the 13th of De.
ember he asked the Registrar's clerk whether it ivas
not necessary, in making a minor a ward of Court, that
the person so to be made should appear in Court,
but did not mention the name of any person
he expected to be made a ward of Court,
and he was ignorant that Mr. Deane was made
a ward until the 16th of December, two days
after the elopetueut hrd taken place. This was
not denyitig the chaige iii the petition, that
he was inquiring relative to a person brcoming
a ward of Court, although lie did not 'motion the
name of the party. The inquiry then was made,
and for what purpose ? To citable the family to
plan au rlopemeht, without bring guilty of ■ con-
tempt of Court. It was cha►ged in the petition
that these active pursuers having got as far as Bar-
net on their pursuit, told the postboya to wait there
for them until everting. when they would return to
London with them. They could not have known
then, that the pursuit was useless. How then could
.they ►ay that they ever intended to overtake their
sister ? It appeared from the affidavit of John
Ballard, the pro, tem. servant of Mr. Stables, that it
was he who hail the harms published at St. Pdo4'lllll
Church. By the affidavit of Mr. and Mrs. Stables,
it oould appear that they prohibited the banns;
but that was contradicted by the affidavit of the
Rev. Mr. Moore, the Vicar of the parish of St.
Pancras, who swears that when he informed Mrs.
Stables that after the banns were published three
times, mud no objection made, the marriage would
be legal, she was must anxious that the publishing
should be continued l but be, Dr. Moore,
from the conversation of Mr. and Mrs. Stables, that
neither of. the young people resided in his parish,
refused ag-:* to publish► them. He could not,
therefore, give credit to Mrs. and Mrs. Stables
when they said they admonished the ward, and
told him his marriage with their daughter could not
take place during his minority.
The affidavit of John Ballard set forth, that
he had lived as servant with Mr. Stables fur malty
years, and wily left his service in May last, for the
purpose of entering into some business for himself,

and having met with smite misfortunes, he was
obliged to go 'to France. in Septembei last hi met
Alte.Staplet at Boulogne, and lie advanced him
tot. on a bill on his he .tier, which enabled him
to settle with Ilia creditors. Oa his a•rival m Looduis,
hiving wo abode. and not being able to get a set.
trier, Mr. Stables allowed him to reside in hit
house. fie was there only on sidieranCe, not so a
servant, his pit uatinii of footman,
,bring tilled by
another person. 'flat the ward told him that Isis
mother wall averse to his marriage with Miss
Stables, and that Nlr. Stables would not rotisent to
it until he was of age, For which reasons lie wag
determined to marry her clandestinely, and asked.
the Defendant.to get the hallos pitlnts!ted. which
he did at St. Pimento church, and when they were
stopped by Mr. and Mrs. Stables, lie procored the
chaise and four, with relays of horses to Gretna
Green fur him, and accompanied them on the
matrituoinal trip. That when Miss Stables left her
father's house she had neither bonnet, do ik, or
spencer on—that they were !harried at Gretna
Green on the 16th December, and on the same day
returned to Carlisle ; he was directed by the ward
to go to Newcastle-upon-Tytte, but in mistake he
went to Newcastle-under-Lyre, and being short of
money returned to London, and went to the
house of Mr. Stables, in Hanover-street, where
lie was refused admittance. lie was now living
as servant, wills the ward. its Great ;Maddox-
street. This affidavit also diselottei two curious
circumstances ; it appeared that the clergyman.
or the person who performed the estremotty of
marriage, at Gretna Given, was not satisfied with
the usual stipend paid on such iteedminii4, hut de-
manded 100/. for his services. The ward was not
famished with that sum, having only 44., winch
he paid the officiating minister, in bank slates, and
gave him his promissory note 1.01 601., but it It.p-
petied to be on an improper stamp. The minister,
or blacksmith, as lie was commonly celled, wish.
ing to be better secured in Isis payment for his
labour, followed the new married couple to Car-
lisle, and had his denthoil settled. It annul sp.
pear singular that the ward not having the no.atts
of satisfying the • knight of the anvil at (item'
Green, should be able to do it at Carlisle ; but
it was easily explained, for who dots he meet
at Carlisle but a Mr. Stables. another son of Mr.
Stables, the father of the young lady. Ile was
aware that he was to be told that this Mr. Sta.'
bins resided at Newcastlestipon-Tyne, but it was
siugular that this marriage, which was not knovria
its London, should have travelled to Newces: pon-
Tyne so as to have brought Mr. Stables to Carlisle.
There was much suspicion attached to the circuits-
stance, without it could be explained away, which
it might he, if it could be proved that the ward
wrote to him from Carlisle, to meet him there ou
his return trout Gretna Green ; and his doing so,
and assisting. him with pecuniary means after his
marriage, would certainly not be a contempt of
Court. They were told when John Ballard was.
011 sufferance at Mr. Stables', that that gentle-
mall kept a footman. They were not told where
that footman was on the night of the elopement—
was he asleep too—was lie affected by this malady
of drowsiness—was he to be told that the footman
was troubled with the same sympathy o( sleep as
his masters ? •; •

The LORD CHINCELLOR—w fin the former
hearing it was thrown out from -tins place, that it
would be necessary fur the Coon to be iuformed
how these young people got out of the house."
Mr. SIIADWELL, junior Camille! for Mr. end
Mrs. Stables, said it was the wish alio chests to
give every itiformatioss on the onloject, and they
would immediately tile an affidavit, giving the
Court that information.

The LORD CHANCELLOR—" I have not any
thing to do with the coothict of the parties, further
than as a contempt of Court. The question in an-
other shape, if it comes to be d;scussed, may he
of most serious consequencea to them ; that I have
nothing to do with. In cases of female wards of
the Court bring clandestinely married, my prede-
cessors were in the habit of sending it to the Mas-
ter to inquire and report if the marriage was valid
or not. I certainly will not allow a legal marriage
to be celebrated in this case mad I have received
such a report from the Master. I do not recollect
a similar case to this ever coming before the Court,
of a male ward being kidnapped into such a mar-
nage. %'hen I make use of that expression, I do
nut apply it particularly to any of the parties in this
case. As to John Ballard, there is no doubt, from
his own affidavit, but he has been guilty of a con-
tempt of Court."
Mr. WRTNERRLL, in continuation, said, that in
the affidavit of the cook-maid, she admi ted that
she opened the back door for the ward and her
young mistress on the night of their elopement.
Then, he would again a•k, where was the footmen .
that he did not open the door—how was it that lie
was excused from performing his duty—how was
it that he was absent and tint in the house to run
after the fugitives after the fame of the alarm was
giveu by Mrs. Stables? This was not accounted
for, and he must suppose that the footman
was too homiest a man in he tampered with. and
he was sent out of the way on purpose, as he would
not lend himself to an improper purpose. They
were told that John Ballard. sates Its return to
town from the North, would, not be received
I into the house of Mr. Stabler. Who would sup-
pose that he would ? It was just as it ought to
he ; he received Isis payment for lending himself to
this transition, before it took place, by the pre-
teoded lona of ten pounds. When Alm Sta-
bles swears that ►he was nut anxious for the
marriage, could any person give her credit,
when lie compered it with the evidence of the Rev.
Mr. Moore, that she was most anxious fur the basins
to be published. until she was told the marriage
would he illegal ; and also that of the Ray. Mr.
Tolley, who says, that Mrs. Stables told him, if the
ward did not marry her daughter she had some
spirited relations that would call him to an account.
His Learned Friend. Mr. Heald, was pleased to
make merry with the affidavit of Dr. Tolley, when
he stated the reason why the another of the wind
suspected that lie had come rip to London to get
married, instead of going a shooting, was, that he,
had token with loin a bridal cart; it appeared
that this coat was a black one, certainly net•
adapted for a wedding, but what the Reverends
Gentleman meant by a bridal coat was one worn
going oat to dinner or to ass evening party', not

such as were worn in the morning. It was well
known that the Doodles of the present day would
• not wear a dress-coat on * shooting party.
Mr. 11-Isitt,n, senior Counsel for Mr. and Mr.,.
Stables, here interrupted Mr. Wetherell, no which
some consersitims took place between the Learned
litiitleinro, which roiled by Mr. Heald stating that
be would not again intermit!. Ins Lriiroril Fr coil
in the courte of his opening; all he omit to have
tiaid was, that the ease n wild wit be bail so amus-
ing if he had not departed
The LORD CHANCIRILLOR " I drone you will
not ; anal, ,jr, Wetherell. )ma will °lasers.. tia• same
title when Mr. [lentil is atfdres.inx the Coo t.
This king' of bickering between Como." bar iii-
r•rsased rn latter days to a lrou.rxt.nt. It is
full tune it ought to be wit on end to, for it is
neither decent nor useful." _ _

Mr. WETHEttELL, iu uutiun ttion, timid, that
Nlra. Stables did nut deny but that she did bold
out something in the nature of a challenge to Dr.
Tolley, for she admitted that the language made
use of by that Gentleman' was of such a dercrip.
tiou that caused her to speak with warmth. IVhat
then was the language which exasperated her ?
Dr. Tolley did not tell her that the mother of the
ward would ',seen consent to the marriage; hr only
requested that Phe would lint ettrusirtage It sittrettg
the minority of the ward, and this hurt her fee hugs
so much, that 'he held out a threat of a challenge,
if lier daughter was disappointed its this alliance.— ,
Did not this shew plainly what was the conduct of
this Lady throughout the whole liss•issess ? The
Learned Counsel then entered into the bloomy of
the courtship, which is already before tlee
and olnerreit, that his Lordship inked, when this
case was lint before him, why Mrs. Deane was'ent
issfurmed of the hanus of marriage haring been
published twice at St. Pancras church ? •
The LORD CRANCIII.I.OII.—" Toe question I
naked was, whether Mrs. Deane was informed, and
by whom, that the Nimes were twice published ?"
Mr. WETHILIUILP Said, it laid out been thought
proper to gm his Lordship that inforni
Mrs. Stables indeed pre as • reason why she did
not inform Mrs. Deane of the attlichnieut of the
young people when it first came to her knowledge
was, that the weed requested her not, as he said
he would cummenicata it Ismael to his mother.
This might be an excuse fur her nut doing it for a
little time, but it was sto apology for her keeping it
a 'secret from the mother of the ward, almost up to
Otefieriod of the elopement.
The Lou Cm•scsmoa—" I mew now rise (it
being four o'clock). Go on with this case agaiii,
Mr. %Wetherell, tee-morrow morniug."
