P ASHIONABLE INTELLIGENCE.

Lady Harriet Williams Wynn opened her elegant mansion in St.Jarnees-
square on Alonday evening, with a grand assembly. The spacious suite
of drawing-rooms were most brilliantly illuminatssi. There were present
upwards of MU of the haul ton, among whom were—Prince Gortehakoff,
the Dutch Ambassador, Count and Countess Ludolf, Count and Countess
Munster, the Duke and Duchess of Northumberland, the Duke of St.
Albans and the Ladles Bensclerk, the Bur:leas of Montrose, the Duke of
Somerset, Emily Marchioness of Londlnderry, Marchioness of Winches-
ter, the Marquis Graham, the Marchioness of itertfard, the Countess
and the Ladies Furtescue, the End and Countess of Charieville, the
Countess of Limerick, Lord and Lady William Bassett Lady Melville and
the Misses Dintrias, Earl and Countess of Sheffield, Lady Warburton,
Lady Elisabeth and Miss Fielding, Lady Elizabeth and Miss Pant, Lady
Susan Percy, Lord Burghersh, Sir Thomas and Lady Stanley, the Countess
Manses*, the Ladles Paulett, the Countess of Mulgrave and the Ladies
Phipps' Heron Cltto, Baron Stria, General and Mro. Milner, Mrs. and
and Miss Dent, Mr. and Mrs. Fitzhugh, Mrs. and Albs Beaumont, &c.
The Marchioness of Lanulown has issued cards of Invitation fur her
first assembly to-morrow evening, at Lattsdown House. Berkeley-square.
The Marquis of Choimondeley entertained a select party to dinner yes-
terday, at his house in Piccadilly.
The Right Hon. C. W. Wynn entertained a distinguished patty to din-
ner yesterday at his house, Whitehall place.
John Weyland, Esq. had • dinner party yesterday, it his house in
Cork-street.

The Duke of Rutland arrived yesterday at Ids bout* In Arlington-
street, from Rely°lr
The Marquis and liarrhioneas of i,nlisbary arrived yesterday at their
honse in Hanover-square; frnra their *eat, Hatfield.. . - . . . .

The Earl and Countess of Bristol and the Ladies Harvey arrived yes-
terday at their house in At. James's-square, from their seat in Surrey.
Lord and Lady Arden arrived yesterday, at their house in St. James's-
place, from the seat of Sir W. Heathcote, Hart. near Winchester.
The Karl of Brecknock arrived in town yesterday, from Bath.
Lard and Lady F. L. Gower arrived yesterday, at their house In Albe-
marle-street, from the Marquis of Stafford's seat, West Hill, Surrey.
The Honourable George Agar and Lady Georgina Ellis arrived yester-
day, at their house In Spring-gardens, from their seat, Roehampton.
Mr. and Mrs. P. Brune arrived yesterday, at their house in Cumber-
land-street, from their stet, at Richmond.
Lord and Lady Colchester arrived yesterday, at their house in Spring-
eardens, from their seat, Kiiibrooke, Sussex.
Robert Bristow, Esq. arrived yesterday, at his house In Piccadilly, from
his seat, Bruirmore Lodge, Hants.

Lord Howth left town yesterday for Ireland.'
Arrival, at the Waterloo Hotel, Jermyn.street:r—Mr. and Mrs.
Greenalgh, from Parts ; Monsieur 'Joanne, from ditto.
Arrivals at Fenton's New Hotel, St. James's-street:—Sir Ralph
Anstruther, Bart. from a tours the Rev. Dr: Nicoll, from a tour ;
Stevenson, Esq. Bout Bath; John Fenton Cawthorne, Csq. M.P. from •
tour ; Lane, Esq. ; —Ashworth, EY(i. Mr. and Mrs. Fardell, from
their seat In I.lncollishlre. Departur •—trotain Beutinck.
. . . . .

The :Marchioness of Westmeath arrived to town yesterd y, from a 'lilt
to the Duke and Duchess of Clarence, at 1112.12 y Park.
. .

The Earl and Countess of lireadalbane and family have arrived in town,
from their seat in Scotland.

Arrival at the Brun.twirk Hotel (late Blake's), Jermyn-street :—Mr.
Monteith and family. from Scotland.
The Mugu's and Marchioness of Lanai:town have arrived In town, from
their villa, at Richmond.

THB ARMY.

THE lIALF-PAY.

The three mouths' half-pay, to the 24th ult. will he in course of pay.
ment on the I;th inst. and will continue to be paid from eleven to two
o'clock every day Saturday and Sunday excepted for oat month ; after
which time the days of payment will be Monday, Tuesday, and Weditel.
day, only, in each week.

Detachments belonging to the 2d, 3d, 33th, and 20th Regiments of Root
marched this morning from Westminster, for Canter•iury.
Detachments belonging to the 4th and 11th Regiments of Light lirn.
root's marched this morning from Westminster, far the Cavalry Depot ut
aluid.to tie.

Yesterday, about four o'clock, the Duke of York gave a
long audience, at his office in the Horse Guards, to Mr.
Secretary. Peel. His Royal Highness held his military
levee a short time before six o'clock : it was attended by
General Moncrieffe, Lieutenant-Generals Lethbridge and
Skinner. Major-Generals Sir Cohn Campbell, Sir John
Euey, Balfour, and Broke, Sir Wm. Wynn, and upwards
of twenty others.
Yesterday the Duchess of Kent, the Duchess of Glou-
cester, Princess Sophia, and Princess Feodore, visited the
Princess Augusta.
On Monday afternoon Sir Henry Halford went to the
King's Lodge, Windsor Park, on a visit to his Majesty.
On Monday evening the Marquis of Hertford gave a
grand dinner to the Duke of York and a numerous party,
at his mansion in Piccadilly. The servants of the noble
Marquis appeared in their state liveries.
Yesterday a Court of Directors was held at the East
India House, when the following ships were thus limed,
viz.—Lady Raffles and Abberton, for Madras and Bengal,
to be afloat the 17th inetant ; Florentia and Malcolm, for
Bengal direct, to be afloat the 18th May, and to sail from
Gravesend at the expiration of thirty days from their
coming afloat. The Asia, and Ann and Amelia, for Cl.ina
and 4uebee, and the Lord Amherst, for China and
llalifax, to b.:afloat the Itith'May, and sail from Graves..
end at the expiration of twenty days from their coming
afloat.

The fourteenth Aniversary Meeting of the Southwark
Auxiliary Bible Society was held yesterday at the Horns
Tavern, Kennington. Jesse Curling, Esq., in the Chair.
The assembly was numerous and respectable. The report
stated that the subscriptions received during the last year
amounted to 7531., and that the balance in the hands of
the treasurer was 1221. •

GREENWICH Faun—Yesterday, at a Petty Sessions of
the Magistrates acting in and for the division of Black-
heath, held at the Green Man Inn, on Blackheath, it was
decided that the fairs usually held at Greenwich, at Easter
and Whitsuntide, are illegal, and without any charter,
prescription, or other authority.
M. Gambart discovered a comet on the 9th March, from
the Observatory at Marseilles. He has calculated its orbit
from observations, which comprise a heliocentric arc of 17
degrees, and has found the following results :—Passage in
the pertheliutn March 18, I. 627, i. c. March 18, 3 hours
2 min. 47 sec. afternoon ; longitude of perihelium 102 de-
grees 41 minutes 30 seconds; longitude of the node, 1247
degrees 31 minutes 20 seconds; inclination of the orbit,
15 degrees 1 minute 20 seconds; perihelium distance 0.97 G
(that from the earth to the sun being taken for unity)
motion direct. M. Gambart, who is as well acquainted
with the ancient discoveries as he is capable of making new
ones, has remarked a striking resemblance between this
comet and two comets which appeared, one in 1772 and
the other in 1805. If the identity were proved, we should
have another period of a comet ascertained, which would
seem to be about 6t years.
AN Et.perioN TRIP.—The non-resident freemen of the
borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, living iu London, being
put on board two vessels in the Thames, immediately pre-
vious to the election of 1768, in order to be conveyed to
Berwick by water, Mr. TAYLOR, one of the candidates in
opposition, covenanted with the naval commander of this
election cargo, for the sum of 400/., to land the freemen in
Norway. This was accordingly done, and Mr. Tay Los
and Lord DELAvat. gained their election, without any fur-
ther expense.
We have authority to contradict a paragraph that ap-
peared in this paper on Saturday last, relative to a fire at
Islington : we are happy to state that no such accident
occurred.

DEATU OF TIIE KING or ?RE Bedoitail.=-Andrew
Weston, well known as " King of the Beggars," expired
at his lodgings, in Williams's-court, Great Guildford-
street, Borough, on Monday night, in consequence of suf-
focation from excessive drinking.
IVe understand that Messrs. Ed. Eagleton and Co. have
apprised their numerous friends, and the public generally,
that they have reduced the prices of their teas in propor.
tion to the fall which has just taken place at the East In-
dia Company, sale. Orders addressed to Ed. Eagleton
and Co. 83, Newgate-street, will be promptly attended to.
N.B. Fine Malaga and Btnyrna raisins, for wine, atun-
usually low prices.
D 01.111.8 Hamm THEATRE.—The proprietor of Dol-
by's British Theatre, published by Cumberland. Ludgate-hill, has
introduced a new arrangement into his elegant work, which is a
great improvement to it. Each of the successive plays, as well as
the reprinted ones, will be accompanied by an original Essay, ap.
phobic to such new piece, reprint, or revival; to managers or
actors, or to the state of the drama generally. These Essays will
be written by a gentleman whose contributions enliven the very
first literary periodicals of the day, and whose style will be easily
recognised by every literary subscriber. In the lest number there
is a striking likeness of Mr. W. Farren as Periwinkle. The fol.
lowing 13 the commencement of the Essay on a Bold Stroke for a
WO: :—" This is one of the best acting comedies in the language.
In dramatic phrase it may be said to act itsrlf,.soTull is it of life,
spirit, and variety, ludicrous situation, original character, and
sparkling dialogue. It has little wit, but abundance of humour;
and without ranking as a literary production so high as the
Wonder, or possessing two such capital characters as Marplot and
Si) Francis Gripe, in the Busy Body, in representation it is more
effective than either; and as Witt is one of the strongest tests of
dramatic excellence, Mrs. Centlivre has left her competitors, male
and female, at an immeasurable distance behind her. Swift al-
ludes to her contemptuously, as "the cook's wife." It was,
however, a custom with the querulous beau of St. Patrick's,
and the knot of wits with whom lie was associated; to decry all
dramatic talent that came not within their. privileged circle.
"What pert dull dialogue has Farquhar writ?
exclaims Pope;
and (Abbot, the author of the Careless linsbond, aid of all that is
excellent in d Journey to London, is handed down to posterity by
the same powerful sa:irist as an incorrigible dunce; but these
dunces achieved what Pope sad his host of wits tried hard, but
(aged to do.. successful chains."

AMERICAN PAPERS.
(From the New York Gazelle, March I.]
THE PANAMA QUESTION.
All that we get from Washington on this subject is confined to
rumours, which may, or may not be true. The statements given
below are from the Dernottatic Press and Baltimore ells •
If those in the former be correct, we think the Senate has acted 41 a manner highly unbecoming m grave s body.
(From the Democratic Pmts.(
From Washington we learn that the Panama Mission ample,
a large portion of the attentiP:t and time of the Senate. The ro.
mour which we mentioned some days ago, that the Senate Would
debate this qtlestion with open doors, Is believed to have been weg,
founded, and that a resolution was adopted and a Committee ep,
pointed to wait on the President, Ind ascertain whether it would be
agreeable to him that such a coulee should be pursued by the Senate.
It is understood that the Committee were politely received by the
President, who stated that the duties imposed by the Constitution
on the Chiet Magistrate had been performen, that the duties ran' devolved on the Senate he did not doubt would be faithfully due
charged, but that it would 111 become him to interfere er give any
opinion as to the manhet in which that body should transact tin)
public business.
When the answer of the President was communicated to the
Senate some of the Senators affected to take offence, and a nsolu.
non disapproving of the President's conduct was offered. The (hi.
cession on this resolution occupied considerable time; it mis then
withdrawn. We fear the conduct of the majority of the Senate oo
this question will lessen the standing of that distinguished and ho,
nourable body.

[From the Baltimore (4r05141
Extract of a letter, dated Washington, Feb. 23 :—" The Pa.
minis Question. which excites so much interest here, no doubt it
looked upon with some anxiety by the people of Baltimore. Ths
Senate has been sitting fur several days with ` closed door,' upes
Executive business, which is pretty well understood to be the h.
nama Mission. You have been apprised that • very able report
has been Riede against this Miesioo. This report is said to have
been written by Mr. Tazewell, of Virginia. although Mr. Alston
was the Chairman of the Committee, he is understood to have trim
merely pis forma Chairman. The Senate have been discussing
prelinimary matters heretofore, but sec understood to have gotta;
throe gis all these today, and to-morrow speak tothe main question. It is not supposed that it will be derided in less than two or these
days. Though all the talent of the Senate, conaistiog of Ikrries,
of Georgia ; White, of Tennessee; Horne. of Carolina; Sao..
d dph and Tazewell, of Virginia ; Van Beuren and Sanford. of
New York; Holmes, of Maine, Ste.:, are said to be opposes to
the 3lission, it is thought it will pass the Senate by a majority of
three, to tour. It is not understood here, I think, that the line of
opinion should be drawn by the votes on this question. lin
under the impression that our two Senators will vote for it. This
much I am certain of, that if they do not, it will not be because of
opposition to the admilistration.
•"fazwell is absent from the city, but it is hoped will return in
time to vote and speak on the main question. Mr. Reed, front
Mississippi, who takes the place of Mr. Ellis, is sad to be favour.
able to the mission, and it is hoped he will take his seat in time to
vote on it.
`• It is thought here that nothing will be done in the war of
amending the Constitution, as to electing of President and Vice.
president this Session—every day gives rise to new resolutions en
the sub,ect."

[From the New York Daily Adm.,.firer, March 6.1
By a short sketch of a speech, said to have been delivered by Mr.
Randolph, of Virg nia, in the Senate of the United States., upob a
motion to call fur information on the Panama question, we think
that a part, at least, of the opposition to the appointment of minis.
tern to that Congress may be accounted for. The Honourable Om.
Heinen above mentioned is obviously afraid that the principlesof
the southern republics respecting slat ery will prove to be conts.
giuus, and that the spirit of emancipation will eventually find it,
wsyginto the United States. We infer this from the remarks which
lie is stated in the Alexandria Phienix to have made. If that ap.
prehension exists extensively among the politicians of the slave
states, we call easily account for the pertinacity with which the area.
sure is opposed. The idea that the time nay first or last arrive,
when that foul blot in our national character will be wiped sway,
and the United States contain nothing but freemen among their in.
habitants, appears to be the mast dreaded of all events that are ex.
peeled to be disclosed by the lapse of time. Calling human beings
property, we are well satisfied that slave-holders value slaves in
flinch higher degree than they do any other property they possess.
With such feelings, it is perfectly natural that they should look
with a jealous eye towards the southern republics, where the sys.
tens of slavery seems to be justly and cordially reprobated. Hence,
no considerations of political or commercial advantage can be sup.
posed to have any weight in the minds of our slave.holders,
placed in comparison aith the advantages of slavery.
We regret extremely that all the debates on the presidential no.
mination to Panama have been with closed doors. It would be
g-atitying to see, and to have tie country se:, on what grounds
use opposition have placed themselves cm this important question.
If it be conforniable to the rules of the Senate on the subject of
executive nominations, that the injunction of secrecy can be re-
moved. and the journal be published, we hope that may take places
in the present instance, after the matter is finished, terminate hoer
it may.

NEW YORE, Manun 8.
We understand the new treaty with Central America, has been
ratified by the Senate, and that a special messenger has arrived in
this city with a copy, on his way to that country.
An Ilavannah Correspondent of the BalliMOIC American, writes
as follows, under date of the 14th ult. ;—" We hare nothing new.
Six Spanish frigates which are here, will, it is said, sail in a very
few duys. They are elegant new vessels, and have some fine young
men fur officers, but the crews are generally bad. A great number
of vagabonds and rogues and thieves from the gaols have beat
put on board of them. With such materials what can the officers
do 1 Some say they are going to destroy the Mexican fleet ; others
that they are bound off Carthagena, while others again assert that
they are merely intended to cruise to exercise their crews, until a
stronger force, expected from Spain, arrives."

NEW Forts, 31.iscit 2.
We are authorised to state, from an authentic source, under
date of 25th February, from %Washington, that the President has
had under consideration the expediency of adapting our naval force
to the state of war which exists in South America, between Bruil
and La Plata. As soon as the public service will admit of it, we
shall be represented there by a force, competent, it is hoped. to
cause due respect to be paid to our Hag.

COLOIMA.
Bogota papers to the 30th of January have reached Baltnnore
via Santa Martha, which, however, do no not contain anything of
trunnent. Bolivar was still at P'toai. It was believed that he
would not take any part in the differences between Buenos Ayrts
and Brazil.
James Henderson, Esq. was publicly recognised by the Colom-
bian Government on the 16th January, as Consul-General of Great
Britain.

R. Anderson, E Minister Plenipry from the United
States to the republic of Colombia, arrived attia Bogota too the 20th
January.
We learn by an arrival at Philadelphia from Santa Martha, that
the Castle of Callao was in possession of General ihodil as late as
the 131 It of December.

The Colombian Secretary for Foreign Affairs mentiore, in hie
official report of Janoary, law, that the establishment of a common
system of weights, meastates, and corns, for the New American
States, is one of the objects of the Congress of P4ll/11211.

Letters received from Mexico, dated the 30th January,
state all wastiquiet there—that Mr. Ward intended to have
conic home in the cutter, hut that the subject which had
bee u the cause of his intention was adjusted.
I'ORT-Au-PRINCE, FEL s.—Several respectable inha-
bitants of this town have met to consider the propriety of
negotiating a pan of the loan to the Government in Hart
itself. .

Letters from one of the French West India islands
state, that the estates there can no longer be dispoutt of,
in consequence of the exportation of slaves. The people
of colour all carry daggers against the white inhabitants.
The Countess Susan Benjowsky, widow of Maurice Au-
gustus Benjowsky, so well known by his adventures, and
still more in France by the opera, the subject of which is
an episode on his !Se, died lately at the age of 79
the estate of Verszkan, the county of Trentschin.
A new female penitent appeared this morning barefooted
in the streets of l'aris, but the fracas which her appear-
ance occasioned in the crowd soon obliged her to stop short.
She was picked up by an honest silk-merchant, and went
offo soon after in a hackney-coach.—Fruni the Coortita-
tionnel of April 2. years, on

COA4T os AFRlcA.—Extracts of a letter receives! a few
days ago, from a Glasgow gentlemen, in the naval service, on the
south coast of Africa:—" Since I wrote to you, the brig shich we
captured has been condemned, and the vessel and cargo have been
sold. Since she left us for Sierra Leone, nine men and a midship-
man hove died out of the twenty that went up in her. In the end
of September we captured a Spanish schooner with 292 slaves, after
anninitserenoswtinfiticn
Igussfeoora
feitgelnitder. hours. The Swinger, Tlu,
inhguelrl, stationed a
was sold for MI.,
and surgeon have also died ; and the master and clerk are so much
reduced by disease that they must be sent to England. The brig
Redwing has lost eight men and a midshipman, by fever and
dyssntery. There are several vessels up Sierra Leone river getting
timber. One of them has lost nearly all her men • and there is a
brig here (Sierra Leone) in which there are only left one man (a
native) and two boys, one of whom is sick. The Captain died
yesterday, the Mate this morning. The Redwing has taken three
vessels, two of them while on their passage down Old Calabar;
they engaged the boats, but were .captured after fifteen minutes
fighting, in which several on both sides were severely wounded.
They were Spaniards. The second night after their capture. ooe
ant theder
Gambia during the rains, has lost several men. Her coLmander
of them, a schooner, upset in a tornado, and out of 200 slaves only
tip
)nwe o
were saved fourshaevocdth;ersh
a ,arrived whites
ca u
wererel.oistT,
haendt thehird h
iwater on a raft.
Lieutenanthas not
etinh o had
cl-arge was all night, with some others, on the
of siree (now two months)wh,..mandarsis supposed
qrsiips
otno lost,
cam,
the Spaniards, many of
and manned."—Grecnock Paper. as retakenramid
e
b

MANU,

The col
to receive
tion of cox
average h
%whine.
stock+ ace!
Oil Si Irsv,
isogth arc
oat them h
Mr. Duni,
yield to th
unable to
ig. fri Was
make a
demand f
vith ntro,
manufactu
by the e
ingly anne
cost-pit.,
cart on sof

Con, to pa
pied gratis
warned to
siderable
dream ince
edicts of tF
from the h
willingly y
affecting al
combinatir
again thmt
certain, thl
row quite
general Ulrli
air ploy me
cause as t
triumph, I
other prom
asthma° I
iinsaieo. •
•oeste. wif

--Th;pro j
the cart of
dactton wa
&sambaed
tilled one,

tremely we
•eperimem
eeeded ; al
are Instant
moderate r

As dee o
wee's, we
of whom, 1
ning) to r
working ,u 1
clear of all
as to have,
a day.
A cotton
io amsequi
of prke.
Mr. rn
lately fouls
to reduce tl
amber tui
row rned, al
tp.filaago.
WWI state
beds enabi
The diff,
afire of th,
.50 are un,
mom expel
sort or oth,
sown, at w

In Leith
touch to th
out any ass
linen ounci
for nine rn
buted sold

'sting this
skeia thin
been talrriei
the ant dot
skeins wen
regulate tli
to give it a
naiural ref
nopolizir.g
et no dicta
(roar the e
part of the
sun:plea an
quality, an
is kept up,
ness. A p
would eiuh
rative In bc
on equal tc
misunderst
pushed wit

In B,ewi
than the w
that are f
Numbers
20 per cent
makers ha
dually geu
will soon
hands wer
only about
severe on
ati still go

In Stew
Mr. Cunni
given a nu
bout.

In Kilm
the moot o
Lament,
equally ba,
that town
gloom that
that peretu
fortitude s
every cony
VCRYen, a'
ed. The
dred ligurc
number ar
tion are g
trates and
solved to r
eases, and
ling a day,

It tem, It,
abort Tun
Le numbe
'tined for 11
14 in tome
popula.ion
motility wit
is consider

lent, 'Drag
get hack t
hvi Co tic
with ahopl

SREET
d totth.bloi
seAri-P1
was at fir
remote die
visitations
certain thi
all CUM; I
corn:moult
operate ro
Preset*
In the tat
week-face
kinds--wc
and in the
were dispc
every fern
at the end
stock as hi
ber of she
up for din
est inlay p
Year being
present cri

retrench a
of the bu
Were pure
an averag
Without at
lenitive nit
Posed. in
look
at wool.
Not fully a
46Patchet
81.4 plaCt4
• Itti
"solved
led taw
1:4:411.41
sle be I
moll, a la
Mil 118

M
11.
kl
L

I

MANUFACTURING DISTRESS IN SCOTLAND.

[From the Glasgow Chronicle of April 1.1
The colliers' combination. already all but extinct, is now about
to receive the last blow. The serintin diminution in the consump-
tion of coals of nearly one half 1150 waggons a day only on an
average being at present weight:: at the (iallowgnte weighing
machine, instead of the usual quantity of 300 waggons). the large
stocks accumulating in consequence of this heavy falling off, and
the extravagant prices exacted by the combined workmen, have at
length aroused the coal-masters to 1.1 or the euccessful example
est them last year by the proprietors of Crider coal and iron-works.
.klr. Dunlop, of Clyde imr-works, who was forced lut year to
yield no the extravagant demands of the combination. from being
unable to adopt the only sure remedy (introducing new workmen)
is, as was to be expected, obliged again .o renew the contest, anti
make a stand against the mandate,' of the combination. The
demand for iron not being au brisk. and prices rather down,
with strong conipetition front Englund, it is impossible to
manufacture iron with • profit, unless coals are furnished
by the collier at • more niodvate price. It was accord-
ingly announced last week to the colliers belonging to the various
eoet.pii.. that • diminution of 6d. a cart on hard coal, and sd. a
esr: on soft coal. was to take place, and the colliers were, In addl.
6m, to pay rents for their houses, which they have hitherto occu-
pied gratis. If these terms were not acceded to, the colliers were
warned to quit their house% by Monday week. There is a con.
enterable stock of cast and iron-stone on hand, but Mr. Dunlop Is
determined again to tinge his furnaces, rather than submit to the
Edicts of the combination. There is little doubt that the workmen,
from the high estimation In which they hold their employer, would
willingly yield to the pressure with which the small note system is
affecting all trades, if they be net overawed by the leaders of the
combination. It well be a melancholy spectacle to see 600 men
'pia thrown idle by this tyrannical influence; but it is a thing
certain, that fmm the low state of their trade, the combination are
raw quite unable to maintain so many men in idleness. It is a
general understanding among coal proprietors, that they shall not 1!
employ men belonging to other collieries who are idle from such •
curt u the above. There is no doubt but 3lr. Dunlop will !
triumph, and the public will heartily wish him success. Several
other proprietors have given mice to their workmen of a similar
reduction in the rate of dining coal. Theis this formidable corn.
intuition, which alfered valuable plate to its then Parliamentary ad-
To:ate. will he finally cntshed.
The proprietors of mar works in Renfrewshire have lately reduced
the cart of coals, containing 2U cwt. from 10s. lid. to his. Some re-
dordoo was in consequence made in the colliers' waiies, and those
niesaisfied Wert tamed off. Mr. Snodgrass, Quarrelton colliery,
filled one of his pits with 60 new hands, who are coining on ex-
tremely well. 31r. Ilouston, of Johnstone Castle, who tried the
experiment of the new workmen last year, has completely sue.
crested 4 and when any refractory spirit is displayed. their placer
are instantly supplied, and the public ate thus getting coals at a
moderate rate.

As tbe cotton spinners in Belfast Mill stand out for an advance of
wares. we would recommend it to the unemployed weavers (many
of whom, from having been piecers, must know something of spin.
ping) to go there for employment as spinners. The spinners here,
corking only six hours a day, are still earning Its. and I6s. a week,
char of all deduction ; while the poor wearer, who is so fortunate
:IA to haves web, cannot earn more than lis. working sixteen hour:
a day.
A cotton mill in Bridgeton has been stopped for several weeks,
in umoequence of the spinners refusing to work at some reduction
of price. A noth:r mill is on warning for the same reason.
Mr. CIA. proprietor of the cotton work, Gatehouse.of.Fleet,
lately found it necessary, in consequence of the lbw price of yarn,
to reduce the wages of those employed in his works 30 per cent. A
number tinned out at the reduction, but most of them have since
reqprned, and the mill Is now going night anti day. The land carriage
to Olasgosr costs a hslfpenny per Ib , wben in the raw or roanutac-
tulpd state, but from the price of labour being thus reduced a third,
bele enabled successfully to compete in the Glasgow market.

The different towns In the west country are suffering their full
alive of the general distreiw. In Kilbirnie, out of 130 looms about
40 are unemployed, but as all the wearers in that town are less or
more experienced, at nut-door labour, they are all at work of some
sort sir other. A lientleman is pinking some coal pits near the
town, at which a OUC)tr of them are employed.

In Leith, nut offshoot SOO looms above 200 are unemployed, and,
Muth to their credit, they have hitherto supported themselves with-
out anyassistance. The next staple trade of the town, that of the
linen ounce thread manufacture, has been gradually on the decline
for nine months. The dullness of tins business is not to be attri-
buted solely to the re-action of the currency. By the statute regu-
lating this Witness. the thread manufacturer is obliged to make his
skein thirty yards long ; but for a number of years this trade has
been married on in different parts of Ireland, and as this prevision of
the sit dots not extend to the manufacturers in that kingdom, their
skeins went from twenty to tetenty.four yards long, and as they
regulate their thread by este tome list prices, they are well enabled
to give it about 5 per cent. under tile Scottish manufacturers. The
natural result has been that the Irish have been progressively mo-
nopolizing tl.: trade, and unless prevented by legislative Interference,
at no distant
.period they will exclude the Scottish manufacturer'
(kW iteete Moat of the intelligent and experienced
part of the manufacturers consider the act beneficial, liceause when
ail.ples are shown the foreign merchants, they judge and select the
vality, anti as the law insures them of the quantity. a confidence
is kept up, which, on the whole, is highly beneficial for the busi.
!ass. A petition to Parliament is in progress, praying that they
aostld either repeal the statute altogether, or make it equally impe-
?Alive in both king§toms, so that the rival manufacturers may meet
on equal terms indite foreign market ; but of late, owing to some
ro;sundetztanding among the parties, the petition has not been
pushed with a spirit equal to its importance.

In t•ewanon. the honnet.makers are suffering still more severely
than the weavers. There are almost no sales making, and the few
that are forced are at prices ruinously low for the manufacturers.
Numbers two and three are reduced to 9s. and U.., and they sold
ner cent. higher during the output of the notes. The bonnet.
ma✓eers hare, in general, but small capitals and as they are gra.
;,11 y getting Inn, unless prevented by a revival of the trade, they
will soon be reduced to poverty. Formerly above live hundred
hands were employed at bonnet-making, and at present there are
only about one hundred and fifty. The pressure has not been so
were on the carpet manufacturers. In Stewarton the two works
ars still going full flint.

In Stewnrton, there are nnly about seventy empty looms, and
Mr. Cunningham, of Lainshaw, wi.h his usual philanthropy, has
firer a number of them employment on his estate, at out-door la-
bour.

In Slmanre, out of 130 looms. about 50 are unemployed, but
the most of the hands are employed at out-door work.

lamentable as the condition of Paisley is, that Kilmarnnek is
equally bad. A person who has been in the practice of visiting
Ow town in more pro-pcmus times is deeply impressed with the
YI-Ime that churls every countenance. and the general despondency
that perradea the town. The deep distress, arid the patience and
finitude with which the privitions arc borne, are the burden of
fiery cemversation. Our of one thousand four hundred muslin
weavers as was formerly mentioned, about one half are unemploy.
ed. The shawl manufacturing is nearly as flat. Out of three hun-
dred figured sad two hundred plain looms, not above a third of the
number are at work, and the prices of the shawls of every descrip.
1100 are greatly redneril. (In Monday a meeting of the Magis-
trates and other spiri•ed gentlemen was held, as which it was re.
solved to raise a subscription, and give immediate relief in pressing
ems, sod employ as many as possible at out-door labour, at a slid-.
Eng a day.

it was lately mentionel that in (imn, out of about 11100 looms,
above 700 were empty ; thleTi are now above that unemployed, and
I.e number is rapidly on the increase. No Om lhor yet been de-
v,sed for the relief of the tuffirera in that quarter. In this as well
as in tome other towns, where the weavers make the hulk of the
Poradation. the landlords are contemplating the approaching Whit-
sunday with feelings of a very unpleasant deacriplion. As the trade
is considerably better in Ireland than it is in this country at pre-
mew of the Irish fatuities, who minded in liirean, anxious to
get hack to their native country, departed in such haste that they
had no trite fur a ceremoniotta settlement of sundry little matters
with shopkeeper% and landlords.
Settee TII.SDF.—The late commercial crisis, like a general
4 Athshloir. lire, paralysed the whole activity of the country, and
1,11 sc tt,'lr a single branch of its trade and industry unscathed. It
wu at first fondly hoped t' ,t the storm would page without such
remote districts as our own having notch reason to complain of its
visitations; but nothing, as the present instance proves. is more
certain than that the distresses of tire commercial, must also in
all cars be more or less felt by the agricultural classes of the
community. The demand for wool has now so far ceased. as to
operate most injuriously upon the price of sheep, which cannot
tameady be Gold but at a very considerable less to the farmer.
11 Its latter part, or " back season." as it is called, of 11124.
tack.faced ewes—their example applies equally to all the other
kinds—were baught In for wintering at from 3s. to 12s. ahead ;
and in the spring of 11120, immediately before lambing-time, these
vete disposed of in the English markets at so greet a profit, that
',ay fanner who could at all enter into the speculation, bought up
at the and of the ensuing harvest am much of that description of
luck ea hie quantity of keep world reasonably permit. The num.
be, of sheep over those of the preceding year, which were bought
for this purpose, may be judged of from the fact, that the high-
est inlay price of it,;24 was the ',melt of 132 a--the rate of the latter
year being, for black-faced ewes, front Ids. to lids. ahead. But the
Present crisis came; the manufacturers of England were obliged
rrrecch at meals in the article of mutton ; the demand on the part
of the butchers consequently ceased ; and now those sheep which
*ea purchased at so extravagant a rate, are necessarily *old, upon
waverage, at a loss of two shillings a-head uportthe inlay price,
thout at all estimating the expense of keep. We know one *-
lenitive moorland farmer, who calculates upon losing two hundral
Pounds in the present year, from this cause alone, besides a
Wlois which he must sustain in consequence of the reduced price
001. The cessation of demand in England was unfortunately
tot fully ascertained until several droves of lambing -awes had been
de'PstsAed to that quarter ; and the einbarrassmer.t of those who
are placed in this predicament is the more afflicting, as their
knowledge has bn acquired too late to allow of their
mavailing
themselves of 'he Carse of 31 air. and other northern arkets.
litany fanners, whn have net yet followed this example, are now
reluived to keep tl.eir ewes until she. lambing season is over,
and then take advantage of the first favourable opportunity for
erecting their sale. Should there be grass sufficient for this put-
Pies the resolution will probably turn out to have been a wise
osa ; for it is not to be doubted that, at a period not very re-
new, a happy change will take place in matters of this kiud,
as well as in all others.—Glasgore Free
