•.• One of the two Gentlemen, oh.. called
To.t. 81117134 Pius Office yesterday, t.ft a raluaWs plow,
behind him.

THE BRITISH PRESS,

LONDON, ••' •
FRIDAY. SEPTF.MSZA f 7.

s The Hamburgh Mail, due on Wednesday, d?.
rived yesterday, with letters and papers to the
They contain the answer of the Emperor of Gee.
MSNT to the French Manifesto, delivered by
BACH ER, to the Diet of Katisbon ; and also tie
substance of the diplomatic t orrespondence
preceded it, between the respective Governments ~f
Austria, Russia, and France. This State Paper i•
of great importance. It describes the conduct of
France, in resped of Italy and the German Empire,ia
language so clear and precise, as to preclude all sks
cessity of observation. The fads are sn natneicus, and
the reasoning so convincing, the most shallow and
superficial observer must acknowledge their truth.
Rut it is not merely of particular ads of aggression
on the part of France the Emperor of Goaleasr
complains. He arraigns the whole external system,
policy, and Pranice of the Frenth Gave: nmer.z.
This is true wisdom and magnanimity. Lnle,,
Rot A P A RTE stops, or is stopped in his present career,
there is neither peace nor safety for any other
in Europe. IJpon this momentous point, the warring
powers Are now at issue. Boer AP Atts must abar don
his schemes of universal dominion, or all the world
must sink into ahjed slavery and submission._
There is another circtunstance which greatly 4t:,-
meets the importance of the flescrii t. In its
technical form it only professes to be the answer of
the Este CROR, but in sabstar.ce it is the joint M 41.!.
leg° of Russsia and Austria against France. An a:.
count of Aetna' hostilities is the next news which wr
may taped to recei.:e from the Continent. We
have no reason to lo.sk fur any further declaratioa
on the part of the two confederated Est I, E noes. At
all events, should any such he thought necessary, it
can only be this Rescript of Austria in a more
hashed and expanded form. The materials must
be the same. The die is, therefore, now cast, and
Austria and Russia must proceed with the true spirit
and ene:gy of great nations, prepared for extremities.
The advanced guard of the Austrian army, under
General KLEsau, was only one day's march from
Munich, on the 12th, and was expeded to enter
that city on the next day. The centre was es Ho.
henlinden.

The Russians were confidently expeEled to reach
Brunn, in Moravia, on the 12th. They were theta
to divide into two columns, one of which is to pro-
ceed to Italy.
The French have nit vet made say movements
indicating an intention to cross the Rhine.

The French Ambassador, Duaoc, remained at
Berlin on the 17th. I k ariived there, we belie►e,
upon the Ist.

The troops on board the Combined Fleet at
Cadiz were landed on the •dldof Arignst,and marcher'
into barracks ; anJ the Spanish ships were fitting nut
with great aaivity.

The P3RTE has given orders to augment its
forces, by sea and land, with all plssible espedita.m.

Two more of the homewari-bound Leeward
Island fleet have come in :—the Sarah, VA sur e.
from Demetara, is arrived off Portland. She part-
ed from the fleet on the sth instant, in lat. Pt. 0).
long 49. The Amelia, Youso, from Grenada, is
arrived off Hastings, She parted 'rum the fleet the
6th instant.

The liet.roi, of Greenock, from St. Timms's,
one of the homeward4sound Leeward Island Fleet,
is stranded in Coutirmaskerry B. She
trom the fleet on the lit inst. in lal. 38. Inn.
The Hearu, MARTIN, from Liverpool, for 4‘ I r
is repotted to be captured, and the Captain end
crew carried into Gahison.s—,,
The Fume, Fmcit, from Rip, for Hull, was, on
the I tith instant, near the Swine Bottoms, but was

expected to be got off.
Sir Siottur tissi tit hnisted his broad-pendant:
on Wednesday, on board the iinte4o,-, in the Downs.
Nothing was settled at the bidding for the cm-
traa for Irish Provisions on Wednesday, at the
V ißualling Office.
The freedom of the city of Cork was onWednesday
se'imight unanimously voted by the Maros, Sus:-
sure,, and Cu mom COUNCIL, to be pre enter in a
silver box, to Capt. M A 111.• %D. of the Loire, for his
zeal and gallantry, displayed oa many occasions in
the public service, and for his unremitting and
successful exertions for the prom:Rion of the trade
or that Port. It was also siiiwnimously voted to
Captain DONELLY, of the N,rrrtgoo, in consider-
tion of his public character, and cordial and polite
reception of, and attention tothe M a yea and Corpora-
t ion,on an occasion when they waited on him on board
his ship ;—aud to the lion. Mr. Pose, one of the Re-
presentatives in Parliament for the Queen's Count!,
and!brothex to the Marquis tit Wei. itsagv.
The Russian RuFe, which IS the general cum it
coin in that widely-extended enspire, and in wird,
all pecuniary calculations are made, is a Wye; coin.
neatly about the sire of the British halt-crown
sterling value is two shillings and eightpence. It is
somewhat extrantdinary, that those coined in M.
late and present reigns, do not bear the effigies att. •
reigning Emperor ALi t•buts, or t 4 the late S°"-
reign Emperor Paut..

P or TNT v
ROYAL FAmn.r. •
..—.---
WEVIAOUTII, SEPT. 25.
Last evening the Roy AL Fs aims, visited the
Promenade Rooms for %brut time. ,
'Phis morning His MAJLST v took bisusual amuse-
ment of a ride, and an escursion to sari. Its the
btter, he was accompanied by the Princesses As-
icsrs, Maly, and Alitl.l•.
Her MAJESTY and the Princess ELtzassra took
an airing by Uoway.
Tim North York Militia march from hence te-day
to potsmoeth, to relieve the Stafford. who are
rT ing to Windsor.
ic Duke of Clod sa root will inspea coasts
*ay from Weymouth to London, and will
. • in town till Monday. He will be joined on
.u.rd by the Dicke of YORE.
