MI7 LUIR.

I.IIOORAPUY OF M 11141774111.1.E1t. ONE OF Tilt
DEPL I 116.11 Shad IC THK TV ItULESIt TU Till

Bitilialt GoViiIII4Mt.NT.

filsjor Midler, thirty-three years of age, is the
son of Y lawyer of Pludenz. w Voralberg, whose
faintly has been resketidile for :ages. Contrary to
the wolhee of his father, he anautlested from infauey
a strung predilection fora tutlitary life, alid entered,
when very young, into the Austriau service; in
which lie has, since the year 1796, made several
carnpaigus. Is au officer, to the satisfaction of his
suptrioni. anel was twice wounded.

On the cession of Voralberg to Bavaria, he quit-
ted the military profession, and prepared to pass
the remainder of his life in peace and wpm's!, in his
motive country, and lit the bosom of his family.
Ile was, nevertheless, prevailed upon to accept the
rank of Captaio ini the militia, nit the general eats•
bliithmeut of then system in liaeatlia. lit this
parity, and as Commandant of a division, he superin-
tended the training of lot countaymen ; and souse
perceived, that they would assiduously devote their
attention to the arquiretnent of military knowledge,
if their arms were to he employed in favour of Aus-
tria, and not, as was the object of Bavaria, against
their fanner sovereign. As Major Mtillor now br-
eam r intimately acquainted with the sentiments of
his fellow-cititens. and could rely on their integrity
and silence. he advised them to make themselves as
perfect as possible in the rudiments of the military
art,as a time might soon arrive. in w►ich this profi-
ciency might not only prove advatitagetnia, but con-
tribute greatly to the deliverance of their country
from the Gallo-Banarign yoke.
This period fortunately did arrive, en the break-
ing out of the late war ; and Major Miller; as a
seldom) adherent to the cause of ju.tice, who felt
deeply latereated in behalf of religion, his nat►ve
land, his summit sovereign, and the termer happy
constitution of the country, perceived that, on the
actual commencement ofhositilities, he should have
to act an important part, to which lee was called,
not only by his birth and quatlilicatioos. but also by
the confidence and lave of his cippresseu fellow-citi-
zens, in order to release his almost ruined country
from the fetters of slavery, which Bavaria bad so
skong4y rieetted. e

The Major was the person who proceeded to
Tyrol, to concert iu what manner this release
should be effected; awl after the proper measures
had been agreed upon, be reterued. with astonish-
ing expedition, to organise the imsarrection ; in
which he was admirably seconded by iris fellow-ci-
tizens, whom he Lad trained to the use of arms.
Placing himself at the head of his courageous and
patriotic hands, he not only repolsed the Milieu).
ous attack of some of the b,:st itnicipltned troops of
Europe, provided with artillery and cavalry, of
both of which lie was totally destitute, after An ob-
rtioatt engagement of four hours. near Hobs-nem.;
but drove them. on the same day, with pest
*laughter, from their positions. mid out of Ins
country. to the very drawbridges and gates of Lin-
don.
• phis native land Irving now cleared of the enemy.
Major Muller took the i.; Crbliary pftCallitiMol 1., se-
care the p,..res loud positions, surd to restore the
commoincation with the Tyrolese, by way of Weil-
ler Irneuvtat to Knutty. As the enemy. who bad
tot ally eshaosted the country, knew that tae pis-
Uinta• insusge.uts were in want of curry thing, but
particufirly oininnuitiori and money, he gave them
uo time to suppty, in any manner, the deficiency
of these essential retinisitra for carrying on war, but
furiously attacked thesis on all points with a far su-
perior force. The engagement lasted from early nu
the morning till night ; and in spite of the despe-
rate attacks of the enemy, supported by artillery
mod cavalry, the Major and Ms brine couipainous
came off victorious.

As these gallant defenders of their cowutry dis-
played such courage and intrepidity in these two
amts. and tecaine accitstorned to military opera-
tions, Major Muller reaulved, iw coujitticuon with •
two of his wait intimate (mods, who had been
with hint appointed Conoselli,r. of War by the Em-
peror of Austria, to make ao iiictiraiou into the (sm-
ug . provinces of Silsbiol. Tlll6 rapedities was
andel taken both by larwl and water. By land the
brave Vortlbergra made themselves invaders of
liempten. luiy. and Wangen ; and by water, of
•the city of Constance, after as obstinate conflict.
The enemy, hoire..-r, began to attack them with a
far superior force, and especially with cavalry. which
was the more dangerous in such an open country as
5114.161 e A.:cordingly they had no other alterna-
tive thou to retire in good order, after disarming
the three alsove-nsentioneri towns, and taking with
them from Constance. siz pieces of csnnou and two
antroonition wnagons, acme hundreds of prisoners,
3tut sacks of corn, and a qusatity of wine.
The want of load was so great, as to oblige them
to have recourse to that belonging to the windows ;
and persons were employed to go from house to
hotly., to collect the old lead. The Voralhergers
likewise conceived the idea of making wooden can-
ttu; but as these would
eight or ten itschargeo, all the mewl. in the coun-
try were put in requisition. The bells were aka
token from the steeples of the churches and chapels,
amid with tlurie they founded cannon and howitzers.
which th-y bored with such skill, that they are not
soterior to any others.
White Major Willer and his gallant companions
were thus engaged. they received prunsi•es of rue.
cows, in ainiunuition, money, cavalry, and artil-
lery; but these et/leitattoos were not di *tined to
he retitled. In this manner they waived four
mouths, till they received intrilizrilia of the tints,-
tunate truce concluded by the (.1411 army. Tti
tins news, however, ontra.ty would give credit ; and
for this reason, Major Muller was deputed to the

THE BRITISH PRESS.

1:0N DON,
TUESDAY, JANUARY 2.

We received, yesterday, a new set of Paris Pa.
litre, consisting of the Muniteur and several othere,.
but none of them are of laterahtselliau those froti
which we gave extracts yesterday. The 31:ing of
SA:toNe has set out fur his capital, probably, for
the purpose of bringing his daughter to Paris
—the ITUIGLICIA of modern days, wag is to
be sacrificed to the ambition of BONLPARCITe...
We observe, that it would appear, though the King
of WtoTEN•tfto was ordered to attend the revolu-
tionary circle of Monarchs, at Paris, yet, that his
Queen, the Princess Royal of England, was ex-
cused from such a degradation. At least, we do not
see her in the list of Corsica* Queens, enumerated
as prevent ; andoye may be pretty sure she would
not have been meted.

The American Nationsl betelligener kas been re-
ceived, containing the correspondeaoe between Mr.
Satre and Mr. Jacssom, as laid before Congress
by the I'&ESIDE ST. The first of the series is
a Letter from Mr. Evitros to the American Se-
cretary of State, relative to the refusal of the
British Government to ratify Mr. Easti vs's
agreement.—td. Mr. Smiru's Answer:--Jd Letter
from Mr. ERSILI N S to Mr. Sturm, on the same
subject.-4th. Letter from Mr. GALLATtN Jib Mr.
Easxist, relative to the Colonial Trade-sth. Mr.
Eastins's Reply. These articles we propose to
give to-motrow. The 6th and 7th we give this day,
as they bear more immediately upon the rupture of
the negociatiou. It will be seen, that Mr. Smits', in
his letter of the yth of Oct. proposes, that all further
discustaoiss should be in wiitiag ; in order to avoid
the misconceptions incideot to oral proceedings, and
that Mr. jAcrLsorr, in his answer of the 11th of Oct:
urgescertaiu objections to this plats, as depriving
hien of the fscility of access,, ant of the credit to •
which. according to immemorial usage, be was en-
titled by hi, ceedeutuils.

The more calmly and reflectively we survey the
conduct of lion araaza au (eliminating JOORP•IN
in announcing his intent of contracting a new
matrimonial alliance, and devolving his rerolit-
Seary sceptre oa lineal descendants, yet nuboru ;
theimore do we see in it a departure tram that cold,
sagacious, and Nhiehiarelian policy, which, up to
the present *era of Lib existrue.e, in every stage of
his eltwatiou, has marked his actions. When, to
this domestic convulsion ; fur such it most be
termed. however acquiescent the Bill) H A omit* le-
anly may seem ; is added the apparent decelopement
and completion a his plan to assume a new impe-
rial title, embracing Italy. Germany, and the West,
in its grasp; are rather stand amazed, than we either
admire. ur approve. in a prudential sense, two acts
so lawless. carried two execution at the same time.
We doubt w bean r either TALI.ETa.i.o. ur Stases,
wosild have sanctioned, with their counsels, these
enormous departures from law, morals., caution.
and all restraint, of every kind.
Perhaps of all the engines, by which N.touczott
restrained. sod held in cheek his brothers, gene-
rals. and confederates in crimes, was the uncer-
tainty and ambiguity respecting his successor.--
With admirable art, when he eoutrived to make,
sad to ascend the revolutionary throne, on which ha
seems to sit so firmly. he obtained, or assumed, by
taut of the Act of the Cow.titution,' which he
likewise himself framed; • right to name hit snters-
esr
; reaceating. nevertheless the name of the fortu-
nate individual. whom he should think' proper to
select fee that elevation. Childless, sad ositiritil la a
comas by whom no issue could be expected, many
persons might aspire to miceeti him. JOSEPH, by ti-
tle of primogeniture. Louts, not only as his brother,
but. as the husband of Madam Dc Bia1;114/0011S,
whom he had distinguished by indecent and IMM♦
rions preditection. previous to her marriage ; aad
whose seas, at least, might be called to the mimes-
ion. JOACHIM Wave, as his brother-in-law, en-
dowed with exemplars fer.t:ity, ene-gy, courage,
and rerolottonaty qualities, I...tatting the situation.
Ewen lE.cozzi: llsweitaitaiiiii, his adopted so..
who stood precisely on the same relation to NIFO.
roi.Lua, by los mother, as Tint JUL'S did to
At-
tu sips, by LA VI A. might hope to unbent. se to be
placed on the vacant Olson,. MAIN *DOTTY. BF e-
rn' Lie 141 AMISH A. and a •eroad of other Generals
Of ru thane.
'lhe fellows of Lie Mat. ibr followers rather."

might, each, rntieipate, in the confaisioo come-
(pent on his decease. Ly ethat, itr means it shiad
take place, their own individual peoint.tion. by fol-
low), (twee or violence. Thai, the tiarkiiews
over the surce.aton onerateii. DO slasito, over a wide
circle. BOt B0111•PAILTS hat; tent this 'Lit, not
aun.htlate.t, as far •• he owe, the exi.ect.horks of

every aspirer to the dignity of Em pert,;. Whitt_
ever submission maystppaar io their cutiauct, it ,s
*trident that Ibe secret impulse, which bridltil 414
is withdrawn. The adects.•thuugh not immvllwlsr
• will not be the less important.

If, in this feature of his .coodetti,. he 'seems to
have violated the maxims of obvious policy, it hi
equally ditEcolt• net to Oestilemn, as imprudeio
and hlzArdous, his assumption of airy new title%
derived or eiroipited -from his supposed .siglits
succession to the llotriati CAseas, or to ,Ctiaate..-
etsGas. Hitherto, though the French peuele
have oily been the passive and bleeding instru-
ments of his insatiable umbition and eitilence, vet
.have they bteo amused and tickled with theigrins
fyiOg distraction, however dearly purehined,
tivirrrustaing mud conquering the earth. ,Natioiise
Taint% fainted by military trophies, torn from eviler
miternettaing eouutry, seemed to render Paris nue
Fraisee'the only objects of envy, or uT udittirstives
left on the Continent. These triumphsinietoei,...
and acquisitions .f territory, on 'the Sint, `cr tl,,
'Vistula, and on the Ebro, were all made abbe
ed by the Emperor of the Fastocit. 'Though a
foreigner, an usurper, and •a tyrant, he still lie
preseuteil the Majesty the French &rave slid
notion, tot less than er lIENRT
'Vila. Men are governed, eemse %my more .by
names than by realities; seethed remark ts peus-
,lierly true, as applied to eiepeople of France.
But here, again. UN/ 11•PAIITL de,troy4 the Rio.
riot'. Au Emperor of the West reduces the
French to the level of the other conquered
or, at the best, assimilates them to, and bleeds
them with, the Romans sad the Germans. Tee
exclusive distinction is lost. Who knows, tot,
whether this Italian adventurer may oat tera‘fer
his residence from France to /ray; from the Seim
to the bati.s of the Tybur or of the Po Seca a
position, more central, might be more analsr,es
to a Conics*, than an adopted soil and coas-
t:3.. Bat there are other reasons and recollections
which might make NAPOLVON hesitate, btfere
be revives, in his own perms', these 0601. t•
tiles. What WC/ the E./ipire cy" the West
A short•lived, tottering. intiria, aid decliuiug h.
brick, sewn in the cachicity of the Roman empire,
aid only known by its tepid fall. It Levis in the
year 393, of the Christina era. when TtiCOINSIVI
divided the Rentals wend between hi, tv.o seas.
llonnetus, the youngest, received the itisterh
Empire, of which the seat was Rome, or
Ravenna. It expired in the year 476, under Ac-
ovirus. after existing only 99 years. Even the
pretended Empire elf toe West, revived by CLIVILL.
liAtallE, about the year 900. from CaIE(SV, v.rS
epa-illy ephemeral, and soon diiiappeared of
siu-
solved in its on tveakatio. Vet there use tie
iwocitll, which the preseut Itulee of the Conn,. eta
appears to consider as worthy of his imitation.—
Unquc-,:ionably, the German Kings, whom he her
created, are intended to surround his throne, us
dignitu•ics and.riactionarier. The es pen Meat is
delicate one: and if we were compelled to pile, a
hasty opinion on it, we should say, it is ueideet one
lion pol.tir.

It is it fact, that Lord Mri.vil.4.l persists, rA
only in wishing, but to deimiliddig, that he nil, be
perrormlly resto►ed to the honours of a Prosy Cara-
astlur, of which he was deprived in I Stl3 ; and tort
he may bare a place in the C::bitiet. The Adult..
rutty is the oftice to which be aspinrs, as being that
of which he was bereft, and which ht contents
himself to have conducted, while at its head, wit/
distinguished alrility. There is no man, we believe,
of whatever tarty, who will not a lmhr, tt at his arl.
ministration of the naval department, it composed
with the present incumbent, has every title to re-
spect. The Inds:mien, captured us the. of
Bengal, would nut have heels lost, if Lord "lit 1.-
vii.t.t had pre,ided at the Aritnira4y.

The Ittrustis ef the Harms N Arr. eorreetul
up to the preacut day. are as follow :-44 see, on
the various statiowil—of the hoe, 80; fifties, is;
frigates, 42.3; sloops, 122; bombs, 3; brigs. 11S
cotters. 34; schooners, 74; which, with tlooo is
port marl ifitiv, gward-ships, kupitd skips. pr....rarr
skips. &c. constitute a force .4 832 ship% is Clia-
maser!) ; 81:d. including tho,e is ordinary, rel.arr-
tag. and building, prtoetit a Gatos,' Torsi. a
1123 vessels of war.

An American shipping• house in the city, Las
stopped payment for 350,0001.
A dirision of the Nottinieham !Ililisis. frn• Ai-
d/over, marched into Salisbury, oil Timm]Ay. and
another division marcha,d ita on Friday.
amount to about boa awn, and renuou quartecid
io Salisbury.
On Tuesday,. the Cnionmudir.g Orncer •f sl*
Emit Kent Militia reee:ird ',radars fur the reiginoter
to tweak up quitrtrni at Saftetsan•. where the, had
expected to reUlNill liar the: wiazer.
the regiment marched. on Friday :end Saturday, wr
Blandi;oril and Dint:beater. blippoweaarthese 111 f
to Plymouth.
It is said that the reinforcement of 5000 meet
under orders Far Portugal, is to be COUbiel
ws rd-
rd. and the troops to be writ to India.

•
Capt. Coacsunau IP appointed to the Implacable:
Capt. Si. T. Theft. to the Theta&
The *6th, 3!.1. 35th, 77th, and list regiaterts
of foot have arrived at Portnininth from Watch,.
rem 'lle 36th dieein:aarked ou Saturday. eta
marched to I torshant : the Cinciteater ;
toe mild to biatctritigtoo. 'Elm aid and 35th Jw
ratlnirked iat Satorrlsv ; the timer will earth lie
tlorshino. aitil the Intivr N Chichester. A dc-
tarlitiseitt of attillrry *in minis this dry far to'

byrk4:io».

Mr•-r*. Ps* mac Itle Com:ssity, awl tit*,*•.*
awn i.s..t, at Siassos. Imre PK& „wed before s r
. •ort. 'fur "Voierrtior 181.6 s
k. rod 'two, sod orottot-ca to ttort:i•oookto.

for
fro

onorr to the 6041-Linste.iani", the— omkiter;B or
Richmond. and Novena other per. Lona of thatittottoo,
et he., tr.Olen,..e, at the lineal
The it,r, on I Conntevo a Rout soiled fir Hotly-
loot, on S.ttnntoy last.
The M 4mm* of Ely otos otsiotrit the pitoseogero
that arrived an tive isebolte. from tiolyttooti. loot Toes-
dat.
air Chlrles orriolnlitt tome fiats England
gatuoisty 0tien....1 I-40., _ •

LY('F.U.II.

The slaisey *Awes perforated
greatest 'access. Miss tivocati
siiirits, and npv.w gave a ewers
of the fair ./tthann. Miss Boyce
of Loiters ; di4sMelle.l was
-okkire ; Mr. Mr.; VI 0.4 Hake Wit*
and Peidey', Jaques waa abuve
'ref saw the Comedy go of with
all the fatrination of sprctecl.,
.4 and scenery, followed, and received
lbouoded applause.

,UsLi a is, we are sorry to state,
.sat hopes are now entertained of
lOM's recovery.
of Altair' party, in Dover-street,
dienditill by the Dashes, Dowager
Lady CAROLINE laud Mrs. Lin-
LoNsi, and several other Fashion.

aalrs.
Lori Ca tamt.v. LIMEIII‘ GOWER and his
pride returned, yesterday, to their house iu Stan-
hupe-street, May-Lir, from Hertfordshire.
Lady FOl./.1 issued. yesterday; • haT cirds of
thauk. for the inquiries &tato?, her aceoneheiven'.
Her Lael!Ails is enpeeted to leave lowa, au the
course of teu days, for V..oreesterithire.
Sir T 161113 ft•MaL N D and Family, CitAatzi.
BO4ANIORT, Erg. and is large party. last 'light, vi-
bard lact.ralr's •Cheatre, Catharine-street, Strand.

31r. and Md. A sniva•krannora 'eft town, yes-
t,riat . tojMn a nulllt(0114 c..ini,.iny, , or the Earl aid
Co.uttesa of Essta'a. at Ca.hioliory Park.
Tar Hon. Unsay lVrt.t.sst.sa satenala to leave
twat', the latter cud of tin• or-k, for Portsmouth,
to eian.irk for Spain. Hta strtiauta and horses met
OW thls morning.
Mrs. J01(0111 grali to perform the part of Peggy.
I ist night. and this night will appear in the part of
I the Wuloie: Cheer& in the comedy of The Soldier's
,Dasetter, at the Manchester Theatre.
. .

KMAm, CATALANO arrived un Tuesday last at
Ertioburult.
The titntlemen of Doetors%Comosons are anx-
ious to twos what tjas•raart: (Drawl. by rtynl4.
thit his reptidouled soft has onbunril Ins person tur
fifteen ve.trs.

Sec J'oUN MORRI% Bart. Portrecyc of Switisea.
Rare an cleirant shanrir, at the Bosh Inn, on Toes.
day, to the member. of the Corporation, and a large
sandier of private farads.
The Mountain Mu.es of North Wales here been
invoked on the suiqcct of the late Jubilee; the
prise la a sliver cap Often gUillteall valor. he Rev.
H. PAIALY, the worthy Rector of Liao Asaph, (dta-
tniguisiied for Inc knowledge in the literature of
his r olotri ) alio offers a silver harp to the Iwst
singer to the PENNILLION coolest, at the ineeuug
in *boll the priers are to be awardtd.
The lad Arrival. at BAtli, are—
Tile Earl of Geildford, Lady L Vane, Lady Calspbell,
Lath Wawa, Lady Lindsay, Lady Sesforth, Lord and Lady
scar roach, asa.Grariville,Gca Brawn, CA. I:Uremia,
Cal. Brooke, Llest.-Ealowl Part.-irtme' Major Fitzp-rsld.
Ira* iii Mrs Alroek, Major Noble, hiss. Dr. sad qrs.
Law. Dr.ksiiiiders, tee.
Tile Puma,' Aislisoomt visited the ()loofa on
FiturdAy cycling. attended by Lard K 4 DS rues,
Sir . Suren. Sw G OCSEILWT, and his Private lo-
lerpreter. lie was ra&tifed at the King's door in
the ilsymarket, with the sense respect rad cere-
mony as the ROYAL FAJIILV I:Ping ill data in Pah'-
i. be; and lila doulestres en attendance were also ad-
mined into the Clattery, which tiwitsrier before al-
owed bat to the Servants of the KOVAL FAUILY.
We undi.rstand that the tate Lord hforssoh's
hounds are disposed of to Gcr.tttre Chlooteitrralr,
Eaq. of Hutton Bushel, and that the bunt will still
costume at Burton. in Lincolissliire.

A gentleman in the &Stifle ilffipperary has. as
an otiret or cariosity es wet! es •pleasure, under-
taken to establish to Ma Juirk. 'a colony of !Sardis.
He has planted plenty of birch. aspen, a.sh, willow.'
willow, wart. alder, mud rush ilia,- round the pond..
and is about to procure savers!' pair et beavers to
tam in. In this paject, hnwevet, Borrow's hint •
should he attended to—they should pair of the
same families, lest they shouldall turn hermits.
Why do Ike different Lottery Offices advertise.
load oil what grounds do they require a preference
from the public are net all the shares alike—all
Pnolcd ou good paper, legally stamped, and sold
equally cheap Wit must seek a solution to these
queries, in the suppoastion that the public think
some office- lucky, and Awl the office- keepers at-
tentive in their manner, and strictly honourable at
t"-'r conduct ;on these two grounds of preference.
Not 8. Charing-criers, challenges comp.-
sod. that his claims to public patronage
mequiviscally superior, he presets*, ;vitae,
purchaser in the present most riCurnrut
rta linelg, called The Latter, Compendium;
ry :1.. Capitals.
rk Monster.—tht Thevoilay eveltinr this
(ached a female with a young child in her
Weadmill-Hell, and wretched her face id
manner; after winch he took the child
firm-, and threw it on the grand ; the
rf the woman hwvina hroil,ht several per.
thee •plt, tete hrutr ran oil, aud, we dal
elicited his ts<rpt.

41 .
.-64.23185;
.711111111111°J)
cati 14(
DUBLIN. Use. 9.5.
•
Opt Saturday erasing last. Mr. Pate. after ►isi
~, the differeut prisons ice this city. set off r
on a visit to Mr. Costly. h„
hence lit was eipeCted to freiscesd t 9
eat residetiee at Ballyfiim.
Tuesday, tile Reel of fierrinoso gave a Kral

The Conlerly of '
LiSt iti4lit with the
*44 ttl
6,11.hed portrait of
resotwil tier vart of
very Surely in Vile
very utterr• i:lg ; al
pram,. We lir vet
wore ;a pplataw.
Cinderella, with
mime, dauctiig end
the most uubouode
The Princess Au
its, that but foil
Royal ilighoer
The Countess or
hat night, wao hit'
.f M~+cesrta.
JOEL DAY Mil, Nits. I

C RTCII7
tenon "
; and
tndY lAu uni
..,„y
Lottery. Inn
.• 4 Key I
My Nam
t• 0%4,1 Mtn
011
I
Or 11t.f
kens% of
4.` tlel
}
1111
