SOUTH .4MEICIG'A.

PORT OF SPAIN, NOVEMBER 5, 1819.
Who could have conceived that the ludepeii.
dent army, reduced to act on the defensive on the
Apure and the Aranca, would have been able,
without exposing their cause to toile ill Vene-
zuela, to attempt the conquest of New Grana-
da ? Probably there were a fear on this side
of the water, ns on that, who did not consider
i•, with the force it was undertaken, as of
greater tisk than any calculation could warrant,
But the great and inflexible mind of General Ro-
hrer saw all the advantages to be derived, and was
not to be moved from his purpose by the dangers
or difficulties it presented; and to carry it into
effect, he chose that season of the year when he
knew that the incessant rains would detain the
Spaniards in their winter quarters. from any at-
tempts of prolEilde success on the Independent
territory of Veiuzuela ; while, if he surmounted the
dreadful obstacles, which such a season presented,
'inn' he crossed the Cordillera, that lie would find
the weather fine in New Granada. To make this

clear, it is necessary to exploit], that in Venezuela
you have silt months floe *tallier, and six mooths
rain in succession ; in New Grimink you hare two
wet season% nod two dry.. of three months each.
The great Object, initr pendent of liberittiog one of
tl•e guest and richest coniiiries in South America,
was to deprive the enemy, by a gram! coup de wsuia
of their resources of men and money, on the rpm,
as it were, for subjugating Venezuela; for 111 o:
rillo's policy had sloop, beta to recruit in New
Granada fin Vesiezuela, and rice COW. So fOng
as the iodises were unarmed and unprotected, forc-
ed loons and cooktiptintis were carried on under
the Reign of Terror; but the moment General
appeared, like a guardian sad avenging
ssisgel, the people gathered to Ins standard as fast
as th•y could. (.0 Brat les premiers pat gai content.
Three lianl.fought battles, which have added •
ku•gdom to his former military fame sod repots*.
lion, put lout in pmsession of Smiths Fe, and in
communication with the whole of Ilse country.
The battles of &pica and Mew, so similar 111
their ciresinistauees mud cottarquences, will, 1 trust,
be celebrated to the latest posterity by s free end

grateful profile. -
flow much more impeitaat is the liking of
Soma Fe the that of Carat-cos! Had the fire-
guards been driven first out of else lather. how eary
would they Late roan down to Carthegena. and
,toriceutrate,l their fortes; but to tome from Car.
thereat. to Carace.is with troop by sea. " hie

Liar, hoc opus est," as you are' well. assert. But
Geoeral Bolivar has eared them the insahlo of ouch

calculations et present, having 'sanded elsweet all
the Royalist inlay (his primmer.) in New Granada.
. carnelian away of Verwsurlen.; and securing the
Spisaisads. with the exception of she very few
whu escaped, and to wheat he will wet give au
' hour's rest.

la Ventzuel.a tliieqs wear is equally plea-

gat prospect; 300.01 W duller' is Varltt ile;111 -begot
!awarded from Santa Fe to Answers. of which
100.000 had already arrived. to mintage inu.sitelft
&r. I hate an utfcial dispatch of Commodore
Urn before me. dated at A purito. Ibt October. Or.
ilig an account of his having captured the whole
Spoustsh flotilla of ten kuu-boats on the 30th Sep-
tember. armed with one iron and tier lonrs gum..
and four swivel', together with 1300 cartridges fur
the coupon. s.ouu 'musket cartridges, ooe drum.

four ester of rud all the cirroopasiiruce 41,f
the enemy that muurtrt. The Silellllol C 0113.•
sosudr lit and SO INCH Mere killed. rral those that
. got cur *bore, iucluding eco 'oldies.. were pursued
by Colonel Pens. of Ground ruez's army; and
Dias writer. he-dore nit think one cru eircsire. Ge-
neral Ps II um *nth the western array on time

-h,l 'ft"
Apore, 104 Diass:.o* itl4.rs PosteCopi sin, the
flotilla • '
florieral Alaritm•comenauds in chief the eastern
*nay. In this all the British are to be employed.
corral Bermudez. second hi command, is gone to
Arborthe troops- over front Margorito 10 Milithritte.,
They are to land at the port of Estner.lda. sway
Curisco, which General Marino has occupied to
protect the disemborkotion. Pam and Marino will
form a junction to open the campaign by 'narcissi%
on Caraccas, and will probably be reinforced by
1,000 men from New Granada, ler General
Soublette, by way of Cucuta and Merida. This
division is goue also to look after La Torre, who
would try to get to Carthegena.
For other particulars I refer yen to the enclosed
Gazette. Read the Decree of the Government of
Angostura in regard to the foreign troops. What
can be more honourable ? and this at a moment
',lieu the means are coming iu. When men em-
bark in a great cause, unless they embark as mere
inercenaries..they should tint be so seady to aban-
don the enterprise oil the first bluish of disappoint-
merit. The uniformity an the Reports of Colonel
Robertson. of the British Legion, who died no •
visit to his brother hereond those of Lieut.-Colonel
roollberry, both British Officer', who lied stun a
great deal of the world, and active service on the
Peninsula, as well as that of tummy others, attest the
kind disposition of the motive* towards them, and
the desire of identifying them with themselves in
every advantage to be derived from their mutual
efforts. What more coo be expected ? I always
regret. when I see all honourable man sacrifice to a
moment's levity u great undertaking, at the very
moment it holds out a prospect of rewarding his
labours; much more so if he be an Englishman,
because, after the events of the late war, persever.
slice appears to be a characteristic trait of great im-
portance in our national character. A few seceders
will, however, no more influence the emigration to
South America, that, it has to the United States,
while so many respectable men retnain and adhere.
A great many nun.conimissioned officers and de-
serving privates from the British Legion and Co-
lonel Under's, have been promoted to the rank of
officers in the /otter. recruited already to 800
strong (from a detachment of 180) with natives,
who are ilottiolle to serve in it, although all the
officers are for.ign.
Morillodispatched General La Torre with the re-
gimeot of Navarra to take the command iii New
Gramids, by way of Merida. Ile arrived at Cu-
cuta on the 4th Augino ; but on the 10th General
Bolivar was in possession of Barreyro, his army,
and Santa Fe.

Dias, who has risen entirely by Ilia valour sod
merit as an excellent sailor, is a Nlsrgaritaitien, and
may, even in relat to his countrymen, be styled
" brure parrpri les braces." The glonous and tne•
ouorable action he fought at Pegallos, at the ea-
trance of the Orinoco, where he defeated three
times the number ofSpanisli gun-busts, and thereby
very much facilitated the taking of the place, esta-
blished his naval reputation. By this lest victory
he has blasted in Is moment all Nlorillo's sr hernia
on the Apure and Guayana, which he hoe been
planning fur the last twelve months. The gun-
boats in question were constructed great ex-
pence and trouble at a place called El Basil, nu
the river called La Portuguese, which fails into
the Apure. Having taken the flotilla, it is ex-
pected lie will next destroy the arsenal at the
Basil. The prizes are of a large size, well finished,
and well adapted for the double purpose of fighting
or conveying tromps. The 200 sool.liers were nest's).
ed to increase the garrison of San Permsoodo, wh.ch
can only receive provisions by water ; and will,
probably. soon fall now, as it oli.l before, when their
flotilla was destroyed by this very Dias. lion mods
dues VelitZlitiA owe to the valour stud 0111191111111
of those brave islanders! One of them. westing to
a friend two yearn ago, jocosely says—', The Spa-
niards have destroyed all the sheep sit the island,
and Arismendi all the Spaniards; so if you re-
quire a supply of either, you mos, apply elate l.sre„"
Gomez afterwards gave a good account of the Van-
dals, who, under 31orillo, spared neither sex liar
age. They are both sostives of that island, be-
come so celebrated by the glorious acid successful
clitoris of their countrymen under their guidauce
and comniand. Morillo'e own dispatches are a
monument to their fame ! But lie suppressed the
account of the women and children butchered by
his troops, and the poor little Ourycooree
whore hands were cut oil; hound up, and in this
Slate sent into the city, as a pledge of Cie fate or the
inhalntants, if they resisted. Hot how miserably
was this butcher disappointed !
Extract of a letter from Trinidad, dated No-
vember 13 :

" Yea wit! find by the first letter that the Boysleas hold
out some hopes that C I U Torre. arhuve head-quartets
were at Cucuta, would be able to advance tutu New tilanada
and beat trlerrernt Bolivar; but the fulluwiug stoma, copied
Cum the Curricula Papers of 241 October, skews abet be has
been beater from thence, or compelled to retreat from it :
CIMACOI, OCTOBER 2.
" Accounts from 111 aaaaa itso state, that the torts of Cu-
cum, about three days journey from the former place, has
been occupied by the ludeptudents under Bolivar, who is
said to he no his return from Santa Fe. having kft a strung
force behturl him to garrison that place. A great number
of people had arrived at Maracaiho milli their property, with
"latch they tied tau the approach of tl:e ludepeudeuts at
Cucuta."

Here we have nu account• direct from Bolivar later
than 28th Atigust, at which time he had marched an army for
Popayan, soother fur Santa Martha, and a third was reform.
Mg to the Apure, by she road of Corot•, to jots Pare.
Huila ar has sent doom to Angostura 250,000 dollars fur the
purpose of purchaatug arms. We have this moment heard
that Sari Fertiaudo de Apar, bad amen taken by Ge-
neral Pair; dm we have been expecting for some time.
It opens the whole commerce of the mit nor to as, and it■
advantages, in a military point of view, are incalculable.
am in clarrspundeoce with meat of the British tames id'
the Patriot *review, and the MCCIOUIIIII They give of the pro-
mising appearance of affairs is holy cheering. Cubans
sittuirt and timpford assure me they will be He Ca in
less than Once mouths. Develessa's troops are lauding at
Esnatralda, near Cowslip, and if they attack that place it
mast fall.
" MOVralarft 12.
W The second September Mail is arrived, yet 1 have Not
• It titr. But 1 have to add, that a rested is just arrived
trum Angostura, and the master r.puit• the capture of San
Fernando. This was • ustural roost tetence of Commodore
Mae! victory. We have aerounla lion Cu of the
2.1 of October, that Cecut■ has beets occupied by General
Soublette, shine commando a division of the Independent
Array. judo mac de Madwro. The Spanish emigrants frog
Cucuta had arrived at Maracaibo, which is Near Comma.
" The British litsion is in Pugh health and spirits at Ma-
lmo 10. 1 have 'WU most oatisfactury kiwis (tuns et/loosed
blusart, who coMailuds it, and also from Colourl Sturford,

174 k-f e •
drb• is on %Alloy %Wow 111
Nw
sum. I expect Devereses troops are ibere• low
Colonel Wituilbrery writes That kits uf recruits mad lots of
cattle' have an ireel there."
VEN FIU ELA.—DECREE.

_ .
THE IMPUBLIC, &e.
111fiuket taken into considerations the distingoished Nig&
ocimilega with the Republic by foreign troops Ightieg seder
our sewer., the just rights they have to a remuneration rue
their services, sad the inviolability that ought to be uisserved
in the contracts ender which they were embarked its Europe
is Well to come to Venegoeln, with a view to &GIN" our
liberty, I have been induced to decree as follows
Article I The foreign troops who have come to Pessegnela
by virtue of the townie's made by the Commaissieotes of the
Sepreine Chief, are, auJ eousiiiiste part of the army of the
Repeblic, and as such enjoy the same rights, pre.enateruces,
sal privileges of smilers of the country.
11. le coesiegeence of mill Article, they shall enjoy all the
distributions of estilwal property decreed in Ikea% by the
law prinneelgalesl us 10th October, 1817, by H. R. list Pre.
sident, Are Supreme Chief, assigning to each moldier SOO
dollars, and so tm proportiow to the ether clamors and officers
of the army.
111. The conditions stipulated for their conveyance out
with the said Commissioners shall be exactly fulfilled, amid
the advances maul, by each individual shall be paid we ac-
count of the stational Needs. _ _ _ _

IV. For this purpose the Chiefs and Commanders of fo-
mire detachments /ball immediately transmit to the Govern-
ment the contracts they may have in their pussessiow, and
also an exact hal of all the troops and officers, staling the
sums due to each, frum the day they arrived in Venezuela.
V. If, through the arrears usually experienced during a
enormities, 411,1111( to the distance of the centre of Govern-
ment, and the difficulty of communications, the whole of
the rations and subsistence agreed on should nut have been
made up, the Goveloseient r maisia answerable to pay the
deficiency in money, or as each individual may wish.
VI. The War Miaiater shall be charged with the execution
of this Decree, which shall be printed, published, aid cir-
culated to the authorities to whum it may belong.
Given in the Palace of Government, in the capital of
Guayana, 11th day of October, 1819.
Sip
ad
.0 J DA N BA UTISTA AR ISM EN DI, Vice-President.
t DIEGO B. ERBANEJ A, Minister of War.

DECREE.

JUAN BAUTISTA ARISIIENDI, TICB•PRESIDIINT,

&c. &c. &e.

Whereas, the Sovereign Coogress, adopting the practice of
eivilized nations, which in tranquil times impose contribu-
tion!' on sorb articles u. are susceptible of imposts,
especially those which are not of first necessity fur the sub.
ristenee of the pe.iple, but rather considered ht the chow of
luxuries, its the sitting of She thth Autrey, was pleased to
enact on behalf of the Treasury, exhausted by the commons
expenses sustained in the defensive struggle for the emanci-
pation and fierdoni of this conntry from Spanish despotism,
that, during she war, the salvor ruin should In Clillie a mono-
poly to be administered on @consist of the Goverstasent, and
the sale of tobacco also re-assumed, the collie Ilion and
exportation thereof being free, as also the sale of salt, under
such rvgulations as the Government easy smart. Wherefore,
as the necessity and utility of these measures are 110101r1011
and even when in themselves they were more burdensome
than those imposed by the Court of Spain, they would
always hare the advantage of not being appropriated to the
voracity of tyrants, to the support and ostentation of the
oppressors of America, nor the rivaling of our chains; but,
un the contrary, to throw down the empire of slavery, and
to restore South Americana to the high digatty of freemen,
and to plate dose regions in the rank to whirls they are
called by natural rights, I am induced to decree as follows:
Art. I. On the 16:11 Mat. shall he Set out at public •uetion,
the privilege which the Republic atone possesses, of retailing
out rum in Ibis City. . . . . .

[Here follow the regulations by which this monopoly is
to be administered.)

. t•'
my* 118 tottectly, no publit. popet hell tel
the Trumety print to Which we Aerie, in the hide—
cent coarseness of its irwective• spies! tweett "Tr'
bet of the Royal Family. The ['attics Resin;
in particular, has bees made the chief object *fits
slander, descending to the "'insteps-WO private
life to rake up materials for animadversion, and
charging his Royal Highness with • want *I Abel
tenderness, and • boyish anxiety to wrest the crown
from his father's brow. A public print in some
time becomes, M it were, • public character, and it
should be as rueful to maintain • shew of consist 7
enry •s any public personage, fur a defect in this
quality will as assuredly attend its tergiversal
and corruptions, us they are known to follow the
bargain sod sale of • Member of the Legislature ;
the weight which might once have belonged to its
opinion is destroyed, its influence is neutralised.
and its 'Panegyric is as contemptible as its censure
is innuxious. The Tories who bare purchased its
friendship laugh at the reformed Jacobin, but with
respect to the Whigs, it has only changed tie
ground of its hostility, for whether Tory or Jacobin,
it must be alike opposed to their principles, who
framed and usaintained the British constitution.

Some interesti►►g intelligence respecting the Pa-
triots in South America has been brought by the
Leeward blends Mail. The capture of Santa Fe,
by Bouvms, has placed a considerable sum of
money at the disposal of the Venezuelan Govern-
ment, a large portion of winch, to the amount of
250,000 dollars, has beeu applied to tl►e purchase
of arms and munitions of war. The sccou tits from
Trinidad are of so recent a date as the Will of No-
vember, and their silence upon the subject of those
three battle., which. in the Jamaica Niters
last received, were said to have taken place
between flint Va It and LA TORRE, and in
all of which BOLIVAR was reported to have
been successively defeated, would seem to confirm
the doubts we entertained at the time respecting the
authenticity of the Jamaica intelligence. The
head-quarters of LA TORRE were at Cucuta late ►►►
September, and hopes were then entertained by the
Royalists that he would soon be enabled to advance
against BOLIVAR ; but a letter i►► a Curago• Paper
of October 2. states that Cucuta was then occupied
by • detachment from Illot.tvAn's army under
General SOVELETTE, which would imply either
that LA TORRP. was beaten from his post, or had
retired from Cucuta, from inability to withstand
the Independents. We are happy to find that a
division of General DEVEREVI'S troops had landed
at Esmeralda, near Cutnims, in good health and
spirit., and ready for action.
Two Decrees have been published by ARIS-
DIENDI, Vice• President of the Republic of Ve•
nesuela, dated the 9th and 11th of October; the
first appropriating to the use of the Government
the monopoly of tobacco, of salt, and of rum ;
and the latter placing all persons enlisted in foreign
commies for the serv,ce of Vetetzuele, on the same
footing and privileges as the native soldiers.

TII E Ski PREStS.

LON DON,
FRIDAY, JANUARY 28, ISM

The Papers ►eceived yesterday from Ireland,
come down to the inst. llorglarie* and rob-
bing of arms are common in that country ; hut it
dots not appear that hostility ta Government is
associated with these offences. Private letters agree
in attaching the same character to these now tulfur-
tunntely prevalent crimes. This intelligence will
prove rely ungrateful to the London Treasury
Journals. which anxiously labour to prepare their
readers for a new rebellion in Irel rod. The poor in
that country are too mach broken down with po-
verty, too depressed in 11;6161. to feel the influence
of any pas►ions but those which bringer dictates.

The Treasury Print which made the wanton and
cruel attack upoti"the Duke of SUSSEX, which we
uottcycl yesterday, has confessed the falsehood of
the charge, mud now attempts, by an humble app.
logy, to atone for its offence. The writer, how.
ever, has the rtfroatteryto said, that his fault was
" a venial oar." The generosity of the Duke of
Suffix's disposition may indeed incline his Royal
Highness to pardon and forget the insult, but the
outrage offered to public decency, and to the re-
spect which is due to the Royal Family, cannot
be so easily forgiven.
There is use ungreeinustiess eves, in this writer's
apology which 'hews the Ullwillifigeiropi with which
it is given, and how much more Clilogenial with his
disposition would be a return to the charge, and a Yesterday the PRINCE REGENT received visits
trout the Dukes of 011 K and CLA REN CE.
isislificiltiim his former insult. [Lives', bow.
ever, from this point by its glariug falsity,fa hick 1.0 1 heTheihiiireq uoirreKrr"T, ofcieeinttilloclet ilteeveurn the dey
ath
of
t art
is forced to coarse, lie torus round and attacks the Carlton-house, York-house, Clarence-house,sand
speeches delivered ley the Duke of SLSSEX at the I Marlborough-louse.
Norwich chimer, as " things which would not be-
On (err day the Duchess of Gr.oueesTee sr•
rived at Windsor Castle, on a worsting visit to the
come a Prince of the House of Bitioswick under
any EirCtituslaucce." We know out what wouldwouldPrincess A utieSTA.
better become a Prince of the House of Brunswick The /rains, of Salem, from Canton for CORP.,
nut 190 days. was spoken with on the eirt instant
thou the expression of those prolaical principles all baud. were ill of the scurvy—she bore up
:which were established at the glorious here. for Cork.
lotion, and which ;tier to his illustrious House The Mary, Kitgat.t, from Bengal, is arrived off
the government of this realm. Let the hum- Prhz"lcv•
blest follower of a Tory Ministry, or their plois Advices have been received in town direct from
most ingenious advocate, examine the .entitsen:s rii sa I
at i o Aliossdsatto t hialtispeirfodt II
beOecitisebisitrerrdNiontsoerwsimil:
expressed on Monday last, and show one passage A KTIGAS, end as he made it an absolute condition.
not justified by the correct principles of the comm. hot liwriaue-Ayres should join him in a war against
tution. Hie Royal Highness, while he asserted the the Portuguese, there was little chance of a good
understatedingt intelligence from Santiago it
fulness of the Royal prerogative, sod the privilege*
n
of the peerage, advocated also the rights of the vvw was
rad cfreor tmat
adi
pt.):
itv
01.00 rod
111,h'eu
1111 A,
September
d .r o
it
people. Possibly in so doing the illustrious Duke f consisted of the following ships :
might have deviated from the Tory principles re. i o'llieeins (Lord Ceara DO 5O Gums.
Naas Martin
cognised in Dowinorstreet, where the " rights of
Laufaru
the people" have no do& long since become ab- Independence!'
jects of derision ; but ihmed as the British coosti- Cliseiblacu • 20
thdrorino lB
tion has been for the beurtit of the people. their 1 A u
rights forma portiou of the fabric as suersd iu its Poeyrredoa
mature, mud as essentially necessary for the well-
And the ltiontrzonts, with two tire-ships.
being
of the
whole,
as
the
privileges
of the Nobles, The object of the Nutrition is to burn the Spanish
vessels mu Callao. l'hey had un board 420 Cott-
er even as the prerogatives of the Ctown grieve-rockets. and, besides many foreign oThcets„
The 'frraitiry writer, in the bitterness of his Ris. shunt 450 troops drawn from several corps of the
ger. throw, out stosielhiug like a reel.llll/11411110. a. f seamy. hey hail orders also to bear up for Coquim-
bo. to take 41/1 board $OO
. additional troops. An
if he were not the only writer in the daily journals
embargo:was laid at Valparaiso not the 14th As-
trims hini attacked the ruembers of the Ropil Fa-I gust, and still cautioned. No tidings hod hero
tally. We shall not pretend to poitit to the quarter received concerning the ships of war that sailed
against which this is directed, but if our farrow). bons Cadiz fur Lima.
