•"

w..ow3llVn

e• , •
What did this mean ? It might he true eke nem bold anddlilleee
pid leaders, and that they zealously Int-e-WW• themselves Mt set
their country's grievances redressed ; hut It had been said, if they
found the way to avoid the operation of the proposed 1111:antra, an-
other Bill war to he brought hectare the llouse. untie he %em
oted.
ter every nen method which might be devised by weich they
should be enabled to meet and utter their complaints, there would
be some new Ate introducel by the Legislature. Gentlemen who
complained of the decisive character of the leaders, should recollect
how miteh more objectionable it hal been if thee had selected men
who were cowardly, who were in fact the worst of leaders. A union
of the people on the question was known lac exist of the most per-
fect nature ; and these Irgialative inearteres were unly calculated to
drive men to different expedients, by. which to cermes the sane de-
ception of feeling. 'fhe proposition that them expedients were
al of them to be suppressed by a succehilon of Convention Rills,
was itsontitema ; such a policy *mad probably lead to a state of
•ebbega which Woven fortid ! but which, ho rogrctied to say, was
one likely to result. Gentlemen might recollect the policy pursued
is reference to America, the nut, which passed the [louse, and the
separation which followed: and they might ?climber Mr. Burke
obsen eel, " the tendency of such meastires to provoke resistance•
was one of the chief objections to ahem." %I' ern rteigiantglibLi-
teed the 11007 Ce of a melon's grievances, they were far more foe.
niideble than those of I met. political natureslt was a mighty
principle, powered, over whelnitugh he acknowledge'] it pre aented
eentherleas difticultice; bat when it formed the very foundation of
discontents, these dismitenta houtti not bear tampering with. 1t
bad been said the remains of the Popery Laws in Ireland were like!
the breed of the Molt eemt those veto Wight be inclined to entertain
this potion should be told it was dangerous in the eXiZetlle to insult
the religion which the Catholic must revete. Iteligion was free
(wane!, the Catholic's only cartheation, yet towards all he thus
held moat deer, a cruel, mortifying, and tyrennicel conduct had
beer pursued. This matinee was celculated to give a permanence ,
to then feeling" of disuatistection, and to add an additional burden
of the most pundetous description to the Irish grievances. Their
religion was entwined with then Lindliest feelings anal their dearest
ecereeeiena, and the ithelt was therefore more deeple felt. The in-
jury wee to the highest, tat the insult W 1.4 to all. The poorest
rize!. the humblest peasant saiv Lis religion trampled under foot.
The Bible Societies he honoured, and the motive* which led to
their formation. No axe would pretend to say that they were
adverse to the Scriptures ; and yet there was a great simi-
larity lateen their method of retaining individuals to ex-
plain the Scriptures and thee:aching missionaries. and a part of
the conduct of the ('atholi.e. It appeared as if in line, it
was suddenly diacovezed that six nullities of the Irish were
Raman Cs:holies. Ile would reed to the Meese a simple accemit
by a writer (not )lr. Sweetly JAW Mr. treiltauglinooy) who mid that
Le conedered it dangerous to read tee Seriptures without• having
teem explained by authority. Let it nut be aupposed this doetriue
ee, Impious, and belonged oul' to the Ceiteelics ; it was of very
generalapplication. Ile recontincittled /AMC ofile elhesionieirs to be
ant inter ft) Ireland. to sec if they could not, by tome conciliatory
messiness, produce a better result than was tole effected by du:con-
templated measures. /lc could not say whet would be the tiaal effect
ii theaenew nuasures of persecution and clegzadation levelled at the
Catholic hotly, upon the peace of Ireland. and the integrity of the en,-
tire. Ile believed, previous to the dismemberment of America from
the Mother Country, the populist lenders felt much reettetance to
adopt the measures which the various tyrannical acts of Great
in the end obliged them to resort to. !hector Franklin
Was Vila to have shed tests on Ravine the perent country ; yet he,
is common with the people at large, at length found themselves
placed in a situation when there *ea no altereative but submission,
or what might be still called by many a rebellion. Their was
paint beyond which human feeling wattle not endure, and Govern-
rents should not prest. And it must he new admitted oa all sides.
that it was the extravagant assumptions and monstrous enactments
of the elinisters of that day which separeted the Colonies from the
parent country. It appeared to be the str-ege opinion of 'what lie
might lac jurefied in calling the paradoxical bunch on the other
side, that an administration divided on the important POillt of
me propriety of conceding the clailes CS the humae Catholics.
timid yet legislate effectually for Ireland. And how did
the existing adminiferatien sedreee 'that country ? what pan.
page did they hold towards his elajtaty's Roman Catholic
sabjecfs ? We expect front you etemly and undevieting
lovely, but at tbe ,sins time conetdeie you unworthy of she
privileges of your fellow-eubjecte, and uttiehe den'itute of tray
cairn to conedence." 'this was strangeeangrage with which to
same so large a portien of the popdiaeon of the Empire. Gen-
tlemen had talked of aceeratinn; and he. was free to admit, nothing,
multi in bier oriesion be no ee theestrous to death countries than Inch
as event. Ile would deplore it, wtre the eircumetancts probable,
at the destruction of, both outiatrieee and the last der of our great-
toss. la the cue of Aleetiee, and the relieve effects of its dis-
memberment upon die empire, there was A great and manifest
distiretion. In that instehee, a oat ocean flowed between the two
comma; ;hey each possessed the it depeudence upon one another.
genera re by rentoteneis of situation, and the effects of the sewara-
eel were consequently neither so great nor so apparent as ?multi be
the eau in the event of the division of more conuguens and depend.
ant GAGtSieS. When England and A picric* became disunited, either
mom, retained its energies, but, were EnglendandeireMnti skpa-
mud, bith must be miserable. Aod he must implore tie Reese
to reollat. that men under die influence of eppretaise Inca.
suns, *ode not always act with nootieretiee, or listeu to the I
ebrasos et remies...e.sehely •it new late were to be male,
di means of rivets that fregmenegemiW old feettis.
The Attorney-Omen Nod cuprereed 'his a ice:lions of' the
thence poomeata and exercised by the Cath Assticiatiun over
tie Homan Catholic Beep Which, he would ark, vow the greater
nape, the existence of the Catholic Aesoetatinn, or i;ontintling tot
reuse the rights of subjects to the Catholic body.? • Ile would
maintain the latter tube the greater and more imminent Zinger; and
boy, in tho name of fluid, could Govetninent think it ncecettary to
provide against a smaller and mote doubtful evil, anti wholly ne-
glect a greater and certain one ? This tease subject upon which
tenon. Member felt himself, both front age. experictice, and slur-
rho, entitled to address himself to with cuesiderable boldness, and
utter his dentin fats with perfect freedom. Making use of those
privieees, Le fee himself bound to declare his (million, that were
with a measure as the present to receive the sanction of the Iluuse,
ine promoters of it would have to regret their temerity; and give
maple cause to all well-wishers to the country, to rue the adoneon
of eaten of proceeding. In the constitution of the Cabinet, as
Se had said before. the interests of Ireland did not appear to be
taken into consideration. That appeared a perfectlh secondary
cesideration with elieisters—a gueituon, difrerence upon which did
sat reader co-opetation mire tordial, nor did agreement lessen the
may of those possessing oppreite Interests. Ile would assert, no
sae geestion of equal importance existed-, difference upon which
cavil be far a moment tolerated between one portion of the Cabinet
eaten:lice. Certainly, Gentlemen oho were opposed to Catholic
limatipatiol in the present adnitniatration, tnig it, with the most
pedta propriety. continue to retain their places, because there ex.
Nano intention of granting the desired erivpleges to the Catho.
is The Melt ilesourahle Secretary of Mete for the [tome De.
mar( was perfectly right in Mailing place—all he could de-
em CIA is his hand*. But he mast coerce., he del not clearly
motet how that portion of the Cabinet fact
favourable
to to C ithohc could justify the fact of retaining their
?laze shim a question so important did not receive a due degree'
at oneileration. Ile was somewhat surprised at the loud cheers'
see which the speeehee of the Secretary of State and the Attorney
linen! for Ireland were received, and that too, from an uttwented
seater (the oppositi in benches.) He thought the face of the
enomble Gentlemen's sentiment,' meeting with such a reception
fast heede oldie Ileuse, WWI sufficient to excite a degree of alarm
t tee kraus at the speakers. His Majesty's Attorney-General
!limbed was placed in such a situation as induced him to declare
e!oonselerol Ili:itself put open his trial before the House, when
ltiftnTain were ilitrodueed. He must say, lie thought the Ilote
!Mahe. had, In the present tastanceedeserted his post of honour in
Tat.: a cone heretofore associated with his genius and his
le the Honorable elember were (spun his trial before the'
thee he (air Jones eleekintosh) wooed take upon him to cital.
etar wine of the jury—be alluded to the opponents of Catholic
I,4erehelten, she were alike incompetert to decide upon the
eseed Gentleman's conduct and the true interests of Ireland.—
Lt.:t:eel much whether a majority of the unbiassed Members of
itcarc sued think the illoutaurable Gentletual had acted right
zb4;,,,e, eta,: beiholte cause. and substituting for his power-
., • racy of it, the determined hostility which the introduction
*rue ?ui,
ret snore
et m ore indicated, a measure which he (Sir James
. ) muse Erennously deprecate. as destructive of the best
FT u 2 1-eland and the Empire at large.
31"- NORTH rest amidst coneadeaable disorder and loud calls
LP!' I,l:%Phelhett ; he was in consequietee for a short time inaudi.
h the first
considerseetrece we could collect, he stated, that he was
iihe
like present measure as one really calculated
cone of Catholic Emancipation, and efface front
Ott:seethe body the stigma which the proceedings of the Associa-
I 4 'pithnos !Te:atUtialea to cast upon them. The liouottrable Member
„hia,,l ,es had favoured the !louse with general principles, of
North) was disposed very much to approve, at the
„rt a ait that lie differed cumpletely with the Honourable
.
is his mode of applying them. He had indeed been
ee,....ele,ery in the application of his principles, and had fur.
cmier, !twig bulwark of the Catholic cause, for the wide lield of
•lateg out of ;Articular abuses. Ile had also to complain
es';ll, melee Member's baring led the Ileum into all tile
e?te. H
neeliees cuunerted with the questiou of Catholic Elnan,
, • e would, for his own emit take the liberty of doubting
evti,ce•
the . ,
erh essoma.ion wore not the greatest enemy to Cethulte
~,,ceeeet that could well It e imagined. Let Gentlemen apply
eeee ea to the consideratton of one or two of the principles
7•71;:ele!y the Honourable Member. It instated, that the rights
oe .:.:!,,,..:htun are founded teem the privileges of private judg-
• heed at the Ileformation, and those of civil liberty
• by the Revolution. Their psi flea were said to be of
nature; it would be necessary to inquire what was
• Co artitution. If the Catholic Association were in
•, t. ell the spirit end principles of the Constitution, he
• 'tight be permitted to continue its operations with
• • •eroti fhia point he was at issue with the Honourable
I!e always underatood it to be a Coomit online! prin.
. •
Ileete: of Common. was the side and legitimate ye-
the people. If 'his be an admitted tact, and lie
• 2 •aT eletiourahle Gentlemen could take upon them to
consieptroce was, that any other inantution
t represent the pee do at large, must be of necomity at
eet"' tale 'pith of the Constitation. The lion. Gentle.
I end...mewed to reopeile the hatholi: Association with
Principles, and the provision.; of the Convention
e 'At span Act pa,. el to restreiti and limit the reprerenta-
i, e,ie len the proper I ematitutioual organ, and is one of the
• tee, and bearing a character of sound and wise legie.
• -.treat details. 'flue ilonottrahle efember stud'
• i!lt'l was exempted teem the protesters ef the Act.

_~ ~1+

He realty must Pay, he Omen such air abjection utterly enwerthe
or the manly mind of the Honourable Member. No exceptisnaer
exeseptiOn• existed in the Chinvestino.Aitte That House eid not
exercise its duties under the Act, but its privilege. were therein
referred to for the purpose of makingarey assumption of (heel in'
'other bodies criminal ;—that constituted the °fleece punishable soy'
1 the Contention Act. But it was only a waste of time tq apply a
serious refurittion to such an argument. It might as ressonebly
be urged that the tme object of wteship was excluded nut of
the first Commandment. The next matter for consideration
was, the law bring in conformity with the Ccnseituttoits said
the Aseocietion violate the existing law ? One ti! the promi.
rent features of the Assseciation was whet had been called
the " Rent." Ile would not inquire how it was procured and.
brought together—he was careless whether it was a voluntary con.
tribution„ or, as had been asserted, a forced exaction. If the Aqua.'
tuition misapplied its influence, let it be abated. and in the proper
consideration of the subject, the manner is Lolling, but the
matter every thing—that WWI point be considered. The er-,
;temente of persons who think otherwise were not to be 're-
lied on they wcre abetted, and betide the question
' If a man found a stranger in his house possessing him.
self of his ptoperty, directing his servants, and threatening his lite,
would time question with him be whether the assailant entered in
at the door or the window ? In like meaner it mattered not how
this body were brought together or eletted. If it be discovered
assuming possession of the executive power. seducing the popula-
tion into sentiments of insubordination and discontent. aping the
zuiltsltiarnicuenscit,ilontteofstPaaterlioalsilt,
grewe'areeilDigiost°tfoliwlitalit asneOnral4ouusmel
land it owed its existence; it must be crushed and extinguished.
Could any man who had taken the trouble to read the edicts, and
examine the sets of the Association, doubt for a moment that they
assumed to represent the Catholic population of Ireland, and
that they did represent then? The member for Winchel-
sea had said the Association did not represent the Catholic*
formally, but virtually ; but no such distinction is acknowledged
by the Association ; they would be themselves the first to
reject and repudiate the idea. Their boast line pride con•
silt in their claim to constitute the legitimate representation of
the Catholic Defy. Were it possible to ascertain the precise senti•
ments of Mr. O'Connell on the subject. and were he questioned as
to the fact, be would proliably repleehat lie cared not for shadows
but the substance. and would claim the credit of being as legitimate
a representative cif his countrymen as any member who sat in that
liouse. Ile Ole North) would direct the attention of the !louse to
the peasantry who contributed their pittance to the Rent, to the '
Peers and Bishops who attended the meetings of the Association.
These might be referred to as the certificates of their election, as '
proofs of their representative faculties. Can such a state of things
be permitted to exist? He must maintain it to be highly dangerous
under the existing circumstances of the country. Yet woeld he readily
accede to the wishes of Gentlemen opposite if they were able to
show, that notwithstanding the extensive influence it pesteessed, and
the greet degree to which it obtained the confidence of the people,
the Association was not productive of real mischief in a very grist
extent. IVere such the state of things, looking at Ireland as he
did, he would feel disposed not to complain. But he denied that
i it was so, and would ask any Honourable Gentleman to lay
his hand upon his heart and tell that House no danger was
Ito be apprehended from the machinations of the Association. The
only sate policy was, wider such circumstance'', to destroy an ec.
gins which was likely to produce such mischievous effects. Gen-
tlemen on the other Fiat had denominated the Rent a trifle., and in_
capable of producing any effect on the cause generally. He would
would admit that 10.01e1f., as far as money could be looked upon
as efficient, was a (tilling sane and, for anything to be dime!
by it, he looked upon 100.0001. with equal indifference. But',
it was r' the principle lie must object. The Irish people'
were tee much in the habit of connecting the persons entrust-1
ed with the collection of taxes with the sources of power itself.
' They would look upon the collectors of this tax as an authority
and he thus led to acknowledge a power paramount to. and 1
distinct from, the Government of the country. Nor. he would '
assert, was this all : every man who paid a portion of Rent con-
nected the payment with ulterior objects, and considered himself
pledged to the 'purposes held in view by the Assecietion. His
destroy is combined with that Society—lie becomes united to its
purposes, fin better for worse, for richer fur poorer. The bond of
union is extensive, powerful, and complete. Vet lie did tint con-
sider this, as 'the only or principal evil--as much or more mis-
chief was produced by the meetings of the Association. and the
intemperance uttered in them. Of these meetings, lie eons!.
tiered the minor ono, held in the country town, sad remote die.
tricot, as more injurious than the principal meeting of the
Association in the metropolis. At these minor meetings', held toe
the purpuee of collecting the Rent, and otherwise forwarding the ,
objects of the Association. the proceedings were conducted by
subordinate agent!, who were deficient even in the caution, slight 1
its that was, which existed among the more leading members.l
These meetings, held in such ren tote parts, circulated their crude and 1
dangerous opinions aneontrulled by the public press or pu bile opi 'lion;
and their operations were excited and directed under the superintend-
, once of the Catholic priesthood. In the meetings of the .tsaoci.
scion in Dublin. whatever is infinninatorhand exciting, is-poured
out, and from the country flow a thousand currents, dark, narrow,
and illiberal—finally. the two streams become united, one of them
sowing from the turbid streams of religious rancour, and the other
die idaiiipool of political (seine. • Ile would excuse
tie cars* . uDitions of the Association, but he conceived that its
~11geeel..(rweet
peetent conduct resembled the worst spirit of the worst times, and i
darkest period. Ile was entitled to speak of Mr. O'Connell from
personal knowledge, add disposed to consider him as much lest in-
temperate in his measures than might be imeeined. He was suit;
he would never, acting on his own feelings, *have begun the hue.
suit of patellar privileges, by an attack on the liberty of the,
press. ;tut Mr. O'Connell was only one of a party, aid
though potseseing no small share of influence, yet were there
others who insinuated measures for which be might be perhaps
unjustly considered accountable. Ile was only one man, and
thoegh • leading member, yet in the Association, " Divisum im-
periuot cent Jove Caesar babe." Those individuals, inferior in
impertauce, were yet often equally his ministers end mestere, and
governed while they obeyed. It has been objected to the Asenci-
anon thit its discussions me all on one side, and with one view
nod obiect. An individual seeking for distinction can only obtain
it In the Association be going beyond his predecessor% iu violence
end intemperance; there exists among them an emulation of vio-
lence. 11 Oat was violent yesterday is by comparison cool and tem-
perate to-morrow. 'Elie palled palate demands a stronger stimulus,
and hourly advances are nimbi in intent pemnee and insubordination.
The .Association cannot, front its constitution, continue stationse7
for an instant. With it—e• Non progredi eat retrogredi"—none Can
tell where it will stop. The object of the Association or to-morrow
will be different from that of to.day, and it' it be not put down
by the present enactment, the Association of next year will be of a
much slicer and more violent character than that of the present.
1 In a late case, where a soldier was charged with an attempt to ad-
minister illegal oaths for the purpose of introducing a system of
espionage, what did this Association prove? 'Why they proved
' nothing---they established nothing. 'I lie soldier was acquitted.
' And why was he acquitted? Ilecalise truth had an ascendancy
and buoyancy, ebich will ever reader it triumphant over false.
hood tuffi perjury. But it' this man had been convieted; what
then ? why, we should have been told of the immense advantages
arising front this Association—of its powerful efficacy in the ad.
ministration of justice--and, but for its existence, that he never
' would inee been convicted. The Right Honourable lend-man
who brought this question befure die House, hail fisted, as one
of his greatest objections to the Association, that it interfered with
the adminislration of justice; and he maintained that the Right
Honourable Gentleman's position stood good, from a consideration
of every feet which lead yet come to the knowledge of the House.
It Bads he believed, been mounted, that there is a tnal.administre.
nun of justice in Ireland. This. in the teeth of all who assert it,
he denied. During the whole of the last 13 years, front the acquit-
tal of D. Sheridan. down to the more recent failure of the pro-
ceeding* against Mr. O'Connell, he had been a witness to its
purity ; and, in adding his feeble testimony, he begged to Say, it
WWI at least entitled to respect from its perfect sincerity. He would
beg to call the attention of the House tb what had been said by the
advocates of the Catholic body themselves, to what had been in-
culreted by elr. Cobbete Draw up, *aid he, a list of your griev-
ances—state the cases of oppression you complain of—bring them
before the notice of the people of' England, and they will attend
to them—they will 'redress them. What had been the consequence
of this advice ? No list had appeared—they had no existence but
in the heads of a few turbulent and' discontented partisans. Had
the Honourable Gentlemen, the Member for Limerick. who at-
temp:ed by many, and he would certainly say, very happily
chosen quotations, to justify the objects and defend the views of
the Catholic body—had he stated any acts of oppression ? lie.
Even the Honourable and Learned Gentleman who preceeded hint
(Mr. Nord)) in due debate, failing in the support of the argument,
upon every other ground, had been compelled to have recourse to
the natural infirmities of man to prove his position. But suppose
that tranquillity can alone be restored, by taking power from the
bands which now hold it, he would ask, would we not purchase
that tranquillity at too high a pricy? %l °AI we not in our at-
tempt thus to heal the distractions of Ireland piece it under a
divided authority ?—put a seoptre into the power of Mr. O'Gert-
aell—a broken reed in the hands of Lord eVellesley. lie would
rather see it in the words of our good old laws, under the favour of
our steel, and the protection of our Lord the lihig, than reposing
in the peace of Catholic security. Let it be toutquillisctl by the
laws—let its harmony by secured by nbediencb to legislation, not
by being placed under the controul ors power, of whom it may be
fetid •• Sensus Inoresque repugnant," of a power applying itself to '
the malevolent passions of men—supporting itself by denouncing'
every person who dared to oppose it--and violating every principle
it professed to maintain ; a power whose protection might he well
likened to the Irish Mantle near three centuries ago, described by '
Spencer--a bed for a rebel—a house for an outlaw, arid meet cloak
for a thief; an Association proclaiming to the ignotant thousandsl
who look up to them, their hatred of the Pronctante, and call*
upon them to cherish it as they value their existence. Ile did mat
mean to say that these were the sentimentt of all the (*.idiotic
body,. he knew ninny who would repel with indignation such sug-
gestions—many who entertained the kindest and most generous
sentininits for their Protestant brethren. A moms others, a'
Nobleman of high honour and worth—Lord Killeen, had
come fiwyrerd to vindicate the Catholic nobility from those
fool aspersions. ]le wished he had come forward curlier. lie
wished the Catholic geotry and nobility would come forward and
rescue the cause from the Kends into which it hiss fallen. It' peter
wax only to be produced by enlisting the passions, be feared they
would quickly become rebels. A civil war of the vices has been
carried on in Ireland for centuries : it' peace is to be promoted., this
war most be put dean. Ile would say with confidence, that there
is tint a prouder or more high ',pelted people in the world than the
Protestents of Ireland. and diet eitholics rever could Imp: to obtain
their eejects. wlel.: t ey cieei•iiee fr.:lingo of ;etc-I:ion teem their ,

5
;,11, (ft 1r
.11
-THE 'titiLTISH

. . .
Protestant httthren: That there nigh counter-association lie
would deny. If the Catholic body had been farmed when the Orange
Astociatloh was strong, he perhaps might haye said thee were
toadied in a meaaore of sclf-defence; .but when the order was dis-
continued—when Uoveentuent was about to crush them—when the
laws were about to be put in execution against theme-the Catholic
body ritelicd forward to oppress and trample on them. If they arc
Tallying—whirb lie prayed God to avert,—it is oely by the natural
consequences of reaction. Disturbances have been traced to other
sources. One Honourable Gentleman adduced the Bible alectinm
as one of the causes of dissension. Ile couldaay, front all he had.
heard in Ireland, that there could not be a more remarkable epee-
, tacle than the extreme +Mention and decorum—the strong desire to
be informed—which was so conspicuous in the great mass of the
people. An lion. and Learned lientknian had said, that the Catholic
cause was founded upon that right of tree and unfettered inquiry,
1 which had been established by the Revolution, and that
the dissensions of that unhappy country could never be ended. hut
by the concession of the Catholic claims. Ile agreed with:that
learned person in his wish that their claims could be conceded, but
I if he eoula controul events, if he could command circumstances' if
he bed (lit power to grant the full extent of their demands, he, fur
one, would sal, that he Dever could give Isis consent until the Ca.
tholic Association had been put down by law. Ile had been told
the law would be evaded. that its purposes would be defeated ; but
he thought better (if his Catholic countrymen. They felt that
walbout calmness, without patience, without tom:Armee, they
never could succeed but by subnindon to political expediency, and
carrying along with them the good feeling of the people of England,
then, and net till theu, they could hope to arrive at perfect free-
dont ; foe. antil the hearts and feelings of the people of England
went along with them, they never could ensure surmise. He kllll
thus endeavoured to state the grounds of the vote which Inc meant
to give upon thee impoliant question t and though he might forfeit
the regard of men whom he esteemed and honoured, and whose
good opinion he was desiaous of preserving, yet lie poese.sed in his
own breast what would support him under die trial. Ile felt th •
necessity of the measure, lie saw it IMP agreeable to the spirit of
the Constitutkm, and he felt cooliitent that it would receive the ap-
probation of this House, the sole depositary of the laws, because it
supports the dignity anti aialptity of his Xlajeaty's Government,
and. bryoed all. the peace of theeadintry.
Dr. J,usitistvrox rase, but iie account of the scandalous
noise which prevailed in the )•allery, it was some time before we
were able to comprehend hint, when we understood him to say,
that he liked the mode adopted fur tarrying the measure into ex.-
cution .I'hey had selected but one ok twolnstances only for illus-
trating the conduct ef the Association, wjth regard to their prone.
cutions. He (Ih. laughing-ton) must dedb the justice or inferring
the character or an assembly, or that of iprivate individual, from
nothing bit: a few isolated facts. , There wits not a single
alembet on either side of the House who would undertake to
defend every act of that House ; and if. it were to be judged by
one or two rash acts which had been pained in it, he ,was afraid
they would appear to the same disadvantage as the Catholic Asso-
ciation, which appearance merely arum born the circumstances of
the peculiar situation in which the Association aes placed. He
thought that wl.et he ass about to relate to them world sufficiently
explain his wee-Msg. There was a society called •-• The Univer-
sity Club," which, like the Catholic Association, had chosen a
library, and the books which they rejected had arcked. npon
them •• rejected;" and those which were admired into the rbrary
were make I •• admieed." On one of the shelves of the lib-
rary there was a book called `• Memoirs of Mullet Wihon."
This book was marked " admitted;" (Laughter) close by the side
iof it stoo I a p'ainly, covered Bible which was marked as rejected.
(Peals of laughter.) Now he (Dr. Lushington) did not think it
1 right to judge of the character of the University Club I y.that *in.
Me eircums ante: he did not think they could draw the inference
that the members of that Society were in the habit of reading loose
books, and, in censeemenec, of rejecting the Bible altogether. lie
would then put it to Honourable Members whether they did not
think they might err in the attempt to judge the Association by
one act oi'lly. The Association merely sought to have the same
Measure of justice as their fellow-subjects, and to have those
grievances redressed under which they had laboured. He (Dr.
Lushington) merely asked for them that portion of can-
dour which he thought their situation cotilled them to.—
(Hear). Under similar •aumstances, similar Associations would
naturally arise. Other Societies hall their Committees and made
their reports in the same manner as this, yet riots different was the
treatment to them ? When one class of subjects obtained a
superiority over another, those possessed exclusive privileges would
naturally endeavour to keep them, whilst the other party, quite as
naturally, would (Tease their claims as well as they were able ;
the spirit of equality would exist and would break forth. Honourable
Gentlemen must remember the implications of the administration
of justice in Ireland, the various complaints made fur-redreas
could not be forgotten ; from 1903 to 1811 it Was lamentable to
contend that the administration of justice was there inane
unspotted t it was notoriously the controry. With respect to Id a
proclamations which had been so ma talked about, tbare *MI
but one sentence which theGendemea atb* side dale Hodge
had complained of, viz., " by*, beds on bear to Orange-
men." Ile must say that he did teat it could at all be ap-
plied as Meaning the hatred whit! Wee to Protestants them-
selves. .1t was impossible but ibat Catholic who hail beara
the amuck of else i ler lepodOniesite, 'Mr.
Daewoo but nausthtne"f .t.,... sensations of pain,- bet
he (Dr. Lushington) cosh' oat that In knew any charge orini-
penance against them. Hammitt ash the Honourable Gentlemen
who supported this Bill whether they thought that penal enactment
would quench the eloquence of Mr. O'Connell, or suppress the
sentiments of the people, and the elfuru of the Roman Catholic
l'riests.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said he should
Inot now trouble the Ileum, after the protracted discussion which
had taken placo, and he did not rise with any hopes of being able
to add" any thing to the arguments which had been brought for-
ward, yet he felt anxious to express his sentiments on the question,
not only on account of its importance but from other reasons which
Its would state. lie had observed with satisfaction that no attempt
bad been matte by those Gentlemen who supported the other side
of die question, directly to defend the existence or acts of the
Catholic Association. It had hail been said that its exhume, was
natural, and arose from the situation in which Helena was placed;
but co attempt bath been directly made to defend them ; on the con-
trary, every Member who had addressed the House, from the tin*
to the last, had studiously endeavoured to draw a line between
themselves and the Catholic Association. The manner of the wank
only was blamed, on the gronnd that this was not the proper I
remedy. Ile did not feel conscious that he was, by any conduct efl
his, instrumental in bringing on chemistries with which Ireland was
afflicted. lie was anxious to advert to that part of the question
which concerned his own cor.duat. Gentlemen should recoiled
how the Governmer.t was formed. During the administration of
the late Mr. Percival, the Government was opposed to the question
as a Government ; some opposed it upon principle, others upon the
ground of inexpediency at the period. Upon the death of Mr.
Percival, the restraining 'Members of the Government were placed
in a very singular simatiou. This House not feeling itself, at the
present time, inclined to support a Government systematically
opposing that question, presented an address to the Prince
Regent, praying hint to form an ildnanistretion which should
be wore deserving the confidence of the Government and of
the people. Negociations were entered into to accomplish this
end, but, on account of some blunders committed by those'
to whom it was entrusted, it failed. Afterwards a (ioverse
ment was formed, which was nut to take a part $s a Govern. I
ment. In business of this kind they were obliged to take the
elements as they found them. They could not expect a Utopian
form of Government ; they must look at thereat nature of thirt
lie would not pretend to demonstrate that it was nut an evil, on the
contrary, he thought it was an evil. his winald now look to what
they were told they were to do. Why, they were told that it is
very true, that when you first Caine into office, you opposed it ; but
now you are to advocate a new se stem. and snake it a government
measure. Ilia was what was called {reasonable. Sane Honour.
table Gentlemen had armee out, lie would not say ingenious, but ,
unworthy sarcasms, upon persons in the Government, against
whom it was insinuated, to suit their own argument, that they would. ,
fur the paltry consideretion of place. forsake their principles.
With regard to his Honourable Frieuil who ate near hint,
(11r. Peel) there was not the slightest attempt made to impeach his
honour. lie thought he might say, without vanity, dint the coun-
try was satisfied with the conduct of the Gomenment. lie would
now suppose that the advice which had been given had been fol-
lowed ; the consequence would be in all likelihood the breakiog up
of the Administration. and if even that wan not to take place, the
House must recollect, that if they were thus to alter their measure,
It would be an act of great treachery towards their associates.
The /honourable Member fur linaresbureugh (Mr. Tierney) had
! said. they had refused the assistance of his side of the House; but
he (the Chancellor oldie Exchequer) did not think they could make
up their minds to give them their assistance ; for he did not think
such inconsistent conduct would justify the confidence of an honest
Parliament. Ile drew the conclusion, that if they could not pass
that measure, they must apply the remedy. ab'stli regard to the
passing or the measure as an act of the Government, he doubted
excceongly whether it, at the present moment. could be &sole.
pliished. .1
he difficulty of passing the unamsre had been re-
presented as insuperable; but he did not go so tar as that;
he certainly did believe, that there existed at the present moment
a strong feeling 'of opposition to this question in England. (Cries
of `• Hear, hoar," and " No, no.") them part of this feeling
arose front acts of the Catholic .dissociation. There was a large
body of persons with strong feelings of opposition to the measure
in the House of Lords. There was another numerous body of
the community—he meant the Clergy, who were opposed to it ; and
it was unfair to reproach them with being influenced by unworthy
motives i but whether it was from mere love of the Church, or
front a higher or inure proper feeling. it was natural fur them to
look with jealousy to the adtnission of such a body of citizens to
the enjnyment of rights, by the possession of which they might
soon he able to obtain their professed object, the overthrow of the
Protestant religion. Every body knew the influence the Clergy had.
If we lookel at all history, we should see that changes, which, pro-
spectively viewed, appeared impossible, had mimosa miraculously
taken piece in human affairs. 111 e saw, therefore, no reason to de.
spair of success with regard to this quesiiint. He knew by his own
' situatinn that it hail advanced. He had enteliell the proves* of
opinion in that Iltsu.e, and he ought to be the last to argue that
no cltange was png,ll.l!C, when he himself was an instance of the
advance of which he was Sperteill4. All his culy impressions. his
hereditary prejudices, if lie might SO call- them, were against
the Catholics,. lie had been taught te -outsider that an in-
separable connection existed between papal power and arbi-
trary power; and he was in Ins yotith av decidedly opposed to
concession as any or his ii,,,w,,,,ibte Friends at this day. But he
had now taken what he believed to be a more correct view of the
question. (Cheers.) lie would never be ashamed to chance his
opunees, when he nes cons bead thet he ought to chance them.

. !

•
(Cheers.) Considering his awn ermine then, he expected that tine
would in other'', and in the femme generally, produce a different
feeling from that which prevailed at this moment: Tito a general
feeling hostile to the Dubelie claims did prevail at this moment
en) a very powerful degree, there could•die no doubt whatever
.4No, no, nein the Oppesitinn). He might be mistaken, he ad.
mitten-, nut he must judge ter himself, si o the fact front what be
biniself observed. lie believed then that there did exist et the pre,
sent moment such a degree of Motility ten the Catholic Question,
that the power of no administration that could be tonne! Would be
able to carry it ; and, in 11, c pinion' the n-ost fatal thing that could
befall it would be for an atiniiniststittion to ley it down as the Mai
of their reseenn, and fail in an 'unapt to carry it.' Such a failure
would throw it back half a ceneonn • (Ileac, Melon) Regarding
.the question in that point of view, did not reel himself justly ex-
posed to ilia merman., which some Honourable Gentlemen err the.
opposite side lad heaped upon those who thought they did their
duty in fanning part of an euhninietrarion in which the queetion wes,
unfortunately be admitted, left as it then was. n Hear, bear,: hear.)'
Having thin, explained the intuition in which lie stood,. and *inn
dkated himself drool the imputations so unjustly cast upon him,
he would not venture. at that time of night, unpnieeed to an ex-
tended discussion of the tubject under the conederation of the
House, but lie wished to adtert to that part of the arguinent ienich
plated to the necessity of the -proposed measure: The Hon. and
..arreal Gentleman !Sir J. Slackintoslisitad cot t -tided that it was
not enough that there should be a mere convenience, but an abso-
lutist, necessity. Ile (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) :atereed in
lime view of the subject. If the only, question war one cf copse
Silence, the House might have legislated last Session, when'they
mere urged to put down these 'Associations, but Goverr.tstit I
then felt that they could not justieably interfere until the condue-n
Oldie Catholic Association rnaleretnit absolutely necessary. (flem,
been) That body had not then taken the form it had since as-
sumed. nlie circumstances of danger then ex istininhad not arisen.
$t had not begun to interfere with the administration of lustice.—
Wholes.) 'lhe lion. Member for Noteinghant, ( air. *Denman)
thought, on a former evening, that he had successfully annwosed
the arguniems in the Biil, by drawing adistioction bow. et the Ca-
tholic Association and such a body for exampic as the Constitutio al
Societies. became' the latter persecuted toe political libels, .hole the
former did not interfere with ',oinks: 0 Onions. But he (the Chan-
cello, of the Exchequer) considered that the morn miserable ileferce
be had ever heard, and the Honourable and Learned Gentle-
man himself bad stated it at the time. as if he felt its insufßciency.
(A laugh.) lie was generally pretty stout in his assertions, but
lie dint manifested notch less confidence than usual, and
admitted by his manner what it. denied by his words. He
did not approve of the Constitutional Association, end did not
subscribe to nor support it, for he disapproved of any asioniation
interfering with the adtr.inistration of the laws. It was on Ibis
polled printipal that he was opposed to the Cathulic Amen
;nationals°. ( Hear, hear, hear.) What would the House think elf
this Association, which published a document to the world,
in which they proclaimed to the world, that murder had ben
perpetrated under the sanction of law—they did not even stogy
at the assertion, that homicide had been committed ? Such a publi-
cation was utterly at variance with spirit of the Constitution. And
when he saw the manifestation of such sentiments by this Associ.
anion—when he saw their acts, he was not iisposed to place in.
elicit reliance its Mc honied words with whi h, •n other occasions,
they recommended peace to the people. (11:ar, hear.) There
was also that remarkable expression—" By tee bate you bear to
Orangemen." This was the throwing venom into the cep of dis-
cord, which already embittered society in that country. Ile was at
is loss to put upon this expression the construction which it had
beat attempted to assign to it by Honoursble nlembers on the op-
posite side of the Dowse. It was endeavoured, he thought, most
unsatisfactorily, to explain it as meaning merely that the Catholics
should not be partial to their oppressors. (clear, hear, hear.)
From the violence of certain members of the Roman Catholic body,
he entertained little apprehension—it excited no alarm in him. it
was, therefore, that lie paid little regard to the violence of )Ir.
O'Connell, and Dr. Dreengoole„ a few years ago ; but when he
that violence was generally approved of, when he was told that
persons who were most prominent in the display of that violetee,
were persons of great influence over the whole Catholic population
of IrcLand, he then, indeec, thought that the existence of the As.
suciution was pregnant and fraught with infinite danger. As to I
the Catholic question, he -would. as he had done before, whenever
it was brought forward, give it his most our ial support. It was
a great grievance—he would therefore move for the removal of
that grievance. He thought also that this Association was a
great mischief, and he world therefore move for its removal. It
was not fair to say, because we cannot resneve one grievance. that
therefore we should not endenvout Of remove the other. (Hear,
hear.) Indeed he did not know any thing that was more calculated
to protract and delcy the measure of• emancipation than thin very
Association;.-.it had interfered, among other subjects, wish the
administration of justice, which it censured. This was a
charge which could not, in his opinion. be fairly made.
An improvement had taken nine in the e'cction of Sheriffs.-.the
acts of the Alagistracy had been revised, and the revisal had led to
some benenicial alterations—all this and more had been doue'with-
out the interference of the Associetion. And he would not refill-
, quish the hope, that the great grievance of which the Bynum Ca.
tiwaseeins complained, world ere lonaborearoved nod roc-
, tined, and that, too, without the interference of the Association.—'
I In any country such a society was dangerous—in Ireland partiett.
lady so; on account of the ettsceptible qualities of tbe inhabitants of
that country their minds were easily operated on 1; and although
' the sword was now in the scabbard, they 'lid not know how
soon it might be unahmthed by a people cosily excited, and habit-
uated to act from sudden impulse. It was impossible to permit
the existence of this Association, without creating counter-anemia.
twos throngliout thereuntry,and thereby tintering :he 401111946 es of
that unfortunate country. For these reason* he would soppoit the
measure, acid give his vote for the suppression of an Association
which he helieetnl to the bane and curse of the country. (Cheers.)
Mr. IlUnlE rose amid loud cries of Question, question ;" he
merely rose to say, that lions what had been elicited in the course of
the discussion, and from what remained to reply to and remark
upon, the subject tract not been half exhausted (a laugh); he
would therefore move an adjournment of the debate.
Mr. CANNING could not concur in "minim' with the lion.
Member, that the subject had not been halt exhausted ; but as it
appeared that the House was exhausted, he would anent to the
proposed adjournment, with the understanding, that the adjourned
debate 'Mould take place to-morrow, or rattier this day, and that
it should take precedences/tall other motions.
Mr. IiCAIE assented; and tne Howie, with this understanding
that the debate should be resunacel this (Tuesday) evening—
Adjourned at Uric o'CLocx.

-,4.:L-0,911g1e-•_:-.1.?""1""`"t"---1.?=-' •
• • . ;

- -

nritigift WM.

7'IIEATRE ROYAL, DRURY-LANE.
TUIMILItic, Feb. Id, b• performed
min ries-twirl; rz.
()Rawer. the Prince. Mr. Mercer.: Bernhard. Mead Reinter Mt. nett-
furl; Hermit, Mr. 0. Smith; Adolph, Mr. T. Coolie 4 sputru., Or.
Morn: Kinsman to the Rend ital.e. r. IR. iltswllitan: Denton.
i.f ttoi Maris. Ms. Modell; %andel, Mr. (.1. Smith; %Who/ the 011 a.
Mr. Blanchard. Linda. Mk* Graltdow Mow. Miss Pores.
THE. SitEPII RPM OF billitLYPr vase
Lord Ihrwent, Mr. Towel: ; Sir Wilfred Wai ward. Mr. Areher t
Sho. k. Mr. Sherwlti ; Rodney trehltel, Mr. fltrwilllam ; Old s..tairer.
Mr. Sherwin. Lady Matilda. Mild I. lbiton Aliee Mn.s H. teaches.
On Thursday. • new ItiAtoricsil
riay. eui led Masiihrliu. ass Fisher.
man of Naples, with thisTeoherd ofTle.o orii`Vale.
7'HE.47'RE 110Y.41,. CoI'ENT-GARDRW.
This Evenlna TUESDAY, Fel.. IS. will he perform** ,
111 E BEIJ.re STRATAGEM.
Sir Georee Tppchwood, Mr. Cooper; . pace:out. Mr. C. lidilihlst
Mardy, Mr. Fawcett Flutter. Mr, Jones. Letitia Mardi'. Mau lo =
ci
Lady Frances Toueliwoud, wise r. H. Melly; Sirs. Racket, MIL.
Tll5 MittiV.Vuatt 77135. nr.R. •
Orindoff, Mr; rarley; Count Frederica 'ethers!, MortebeW
Karl. Mr. flisr.chard; Lottialy, My, C e ; ►Omar. Mr. Cltrzsirs;
Claudio*. Mrs: Vining; 'lscha. Mt.. Minor: Laurette, )lJii
tin 1 ti.lreenir. witit.Charles the Sceiind.
THEATRE ROYAL,'ENGtisn opr:Rd HousT,
STRAW;
I.2gIVRI;:, Aa11107,,M V I
it Is reopettfultrannatfate& that Mr. al '!"'"1 EV will deliver nes
t..ser Can ON ASTItu.A)I/Y, tar FRIDAY NEX I', February IS, anti
on the WEDS-ESA %I'S end FRIDAYS during LENT.
irfi.seenary and Machinery, Illustrating the Lecture, aro upon 04
grandest scale.
families may puttchaie Tickets at the llot-eilße ("rhea the Pie tM
ColUilstal of fottr or nag. per 41012141 at reduced price!.
The BRITISIE Pueueoiuneneedpublishingyesttedaymori,tag
at tiro delork:
LONDON, TIASDAY FkillitUArLY LS, 16,6.
, .
The Paris Papers of Saturtjay gee filled with the debate
in the Chamber of Deputies on. the preceding day, on the
Repprt of the Committee appointed to epnsider the subject
of ir.deinnity to the emigrants. The speech of M. PAIL.*
DESSL;S, wiw acted as rtpor.ter, was three hours long.—
S. veral amendments were proposed, hut stout
affecting the character of the measure. It was moreol
that the discussion should he fixsd /cr.. Thursday next.%
M. CASIMIR PLRaILa 1110*d I: the Chamber should.
adjourn till Nlobday next, but_ the original motion was
finally carric.l. In the course ethis debate M. Br NJ .% MI M
CoNivraN.r alluded to the-influence exclted by Ruesia over
the French councils. "We lootr,'.' lie sap., "end ti:.
Nfiutster of Finance hat himself told us from this tribune,
that in I 522 we made war in Spain is order ,that we might
not be compelled tb make war. on the, AL do
N'iti.xxs endeavoured to explain his derlarition by
re 'resenting it. as having been used, merely t 4 show
that the system recommended by Central Pot • would
have led to that result. •The General, Pnwerer, fmme-
diitely stepped into the trihune, ship proved that the'
President of the Cornicii spoke befsre him in the lieeret
Committee of 1822. and. that bis•worils were—" have'
only the alternativnof lighting en thelPvtessers,-err of de
fending the Sosilisb Cuinnitution tin the frontiers of the.
north." M. Lox acknowledged that he might be
mistaken. A long list of speakers are inscribed for and
against the project. •..
In the Chamber of Pero, tho discussion of the Law of
Secrilege was returned. 'the .Duke de flaostie spolse
against the law, and the nerper of tfe 1-ads for it. Tile
Count de Blsraan was air heard upon it.

Every day brings froth accounts of the successes of the
Greeks; they have acquired new strength' by every vic-
tory, but they priitlentty manifest their moderation in
•
every step of their progress. They feel, that the stronger
they become the more rarely they cart afford to be just.
Power makes the, Turk revengeful ; he values it only ac
it enables hint to Wreak his Vengeance: the Greek; re-
gard it as the means of establiching their recovered'
freedom on a term *nil solid basis, and to this end they
employ it. , The Chiefs are united, and they join in pet.
Cm; down all faetiouary movements. They Are convitmeci-6-
antlthey know it from experience, which is the best of in-
struction, that the more rower is multiplied in evil hands,
the wile it is di pray.ol. Despotism precuts or t tyrant—
democracy A million. In all their changes, therefore. theN
will seek to combine their political independeree with jus;
laws, and with that social ord.r which has its origin. in
good government. The establishment of such a Govern-.
mem, administered on liberal principles, rising up in the
neighbourhood of the Allied Sovereigns, is, no doubt.
matter•to them of uneasy contemplation. That their vas: •
sal tuljects should hate, ki it were, in the midst of them,
the example of an oppressed people recovering their ancient
recdoto, and breaking the few, of a dreadful slavery bo'
their own unassisted strength, is an electrifying sight. twit
carries with it a danger that is not confined to the doini-
nions of the Ottoman Porte. A revolution in the Turkish
Empire may he considered as the unavoidable coosequencc.
of the emancipation of the Greeks ; hitt the downilit of
this barbarous structure is connected with climes so certa.U.
in their issue, that the event, whenever it hippehs, wi.l
very little, if at all, disturb the repose of Europe.

The official statetnents respecting the successes of Bo: i-
vp.a, in Peru, tnust re.neve all the absurd doubts which.
soine have affected to entertain on that subject. It is quite'
cltir that die Spanish power was, at the date of the accour..v.
we publish, complettly overthrown.

•
The adjourned debate respecting the Catholic Associa-
tion was resumed last night, and continue(' till nearly one
o'clock, when, on the conclusion of the Cit.txecu.on
the lien Ft;I: CE'S speech, it was adjourned, fer the third
tima, till this eveihrg, and it vas agreed that it should take
the precedence of all other busimss. The speakers List
night were, against the introduction of the Bill—Mr. r e.
LAMB, Mr. SFRING RICE, Sir J. MACEINTOSH, and Dr.
LESHINHTON, for the measure—Mr. DAW SON, M.
BROWNLOIY, Mr. Noain, and the CHANCELLOR of the
Exult Efte ek. The speech of the Right Honourable Gen-
tleman was distin7isished for its frank and liberal tone, and
the clearness and force of his sentiments. The debate will
certainly be concluded this evening.

Yesterday, at two o'clock, a Cabinet Council was he'd
at the Secretary of State's Office for Foreign Affairs, in
Downing-street. The Cabinet Ministers continued in close
deliberation till about a quarter past four.
Yesterday Count Munster, the Hanoverian Nlinister,
and the Right Honourable Sir Chas. Long, had aurlieuct s
of his Majesty.
Prince Esterhazy, the Austrian Ambassador, trim:raced
brisiums yesterday at the Foreign Office.
Yesterday was settling day in the Foreign Stock Merle.
and every security was light. Great activity prevailed,
throughout the Jay, and a general confidence as to the
prosperity of our foreign as well as our domestic arfairs,
was manifest. The new Greek Scrip wcs very firm at
to a, and for time it was done at 11 to 4. Sonisls bolsi*
its ground at •2341. Old Greek Bonds were steady at 341.
The New Mexican Scrip was ;A : Brazilian &. to The
gloomy anticipations as to tMs settling day. were any
thing but realised, for every stock was on the &armee.
Consols, both fur money and the account, opened well ;
' their prices were the saute during the day. viz.-944 to ;
they afterwards declined to 931 94. The speculators iu
milling and other Shares, appear to have forgotten the
Clime:Hoes anathema, for they were on the ads ance, and
much sought aftdt the whole rhea.
In the important cause, " Mr. Sergeant Rough r. Sir
John Murray, late Governor of Demerara, whieli is to be
heard before the Pricy Council on Saturday next, .Me.
s. Mr. l and , Lave been
Denman, Sir J. Mackintosh, 1
:ye I
retained as Counsel for the complainant.
PROTESTANT PuriTioN,—A Dirbhn Paper of Fridgy
says—" The Names of Lord Forbes. Marquis of 11
intuit, and Lord Claurnorris, were added to this documer:t.
yeattsday."
Mr. Scott, the eldest son of Sir Walter Scott, is married
to Mies Jobson, a young lady with a fortune of 60,000;,
Her father is, we believe, a retired merchant, residing a
Dundee. We understand that hit Majesty has in the
gracious manlier caused his congratulations to be intimatest _L
lic
to the worthy Uatonet en this auspicious event.
rfUrtliqloy
coilys,,..tittueersicrefr.oomf Tthrieesteof the tat
af .
February state, drat toot
favourable
thi country,
so'onial produce of every kind had advauced in rr:ce, anti
bt*lnss was vary bitsk.
