SLEW/USE LICENSES.

Mr. BENNETT —wsovedthe Ordrr uf tbaDay for the third
reading slat. Akboose Licensing Bill.
Lord CRANBORNE said, he thought the Bill aboold
steed over till the neat Session. He s►uuld therefore move
that II be read the third ihne this day siu mositha.
Mr. CARTWRIGHT recommended that the Honoorsble
Geodesists (Mr. Bennett) would ennwat to withdraw the
Bill for the present. If not, be should vote for the proposi-
tion of the Nubk Lord.

Mr. MONCK said, he considered that part of the "masers
of the utmost importance which would take how the Magi-
strates the arbitrary power which they ezerelaed over the
publicans. He should, therefoce, give it his suppurt. There
were in his neighbourhood two Magistrates, residing I. ad-
joining parishes: the oue was se evangelical Groileisaa, sod
felt a great objection to public-busses, became they were
receptacles fur crime; the other was greatly averse to
preaching, and could sot consent to the existence of public-
houses, became they were receptacles for preachers. the
conwqrsruce of which was, there was so public boom to either

of 'be parishes.
Mr. CA LCRAF r said, that part of the Bill implied a die-
`trust is the Magistrates of the tesstry, and went to threw
• stigma upon their ruadect, which he believed had been
satisfactory, aed salves his Honourable Friend cons.iuted to
expunge that clause, he should feel it his duty to oppose the
further progress of the Bill.
Mr. PEEL said that the Bill generally contained some
very useful enactments, but he hoped the Hon. Gentleman
who had originated the meaaure would either consent to
withdraw the clause respecting Magistrates altogether, or
allow it to undergo some aialificatiolis. illoe of the defects
in the clause was, that, as affecting publicans, it slid not pro-
vide a aubetitsie fur the evil of which they complained; (or
the difficulty of obtaining redraws under the proposed Bill
appeared so great, that it would opitiale to prevent an ap-
plication.
Mr. BERNAL considered his Hos. Friend (Mr. Bennett)
had sot beam well treated respecting this Bill; fur, so far
from its being opposed to the interests of the publicans, It
had been framed with their coseorreure, and originated from
• Petition from that 1111191KOVIS body the Licensed Victuallers
of the City of Loodun. Usder the present law lieeeses bad
been refused to paWseasis seder the must cruel and as-
worthy preteures.
Mr. M. A. TAYLOR bad attended Sessions to grant li-
censes, end 'sever heard of one instance of abuse.
Mr. B. WILBRAHAM had too objection to sllow appeals
from Oat to • greater somber of Magistrates, but be object.
ell excessively to any appeal as the Quarter ficsames.
Mr. LOCKHART thought that the public fascist to have
some security against the bad practices of to ewers and 'lib-
lies's, egaisst abort measure aid deleterious drugs, of
which they used*. less Hies 18 ingredteuts, 10 of them be-

img
Colonel WOOD was opposed to any reduction of the
powers of t►e Msgislrates, as be loathed us all public-bosses
as nsisiinceri.
Mr. F. PALMER said, the frequency and somber of al-
leralions forced on his Hon. Friend, completely neutral-
ized the Bill as to all the purposes fur which it was designed,
namely, to prevent monopoly, to insure good order i■ the
horses, and protect the publican from capricious sod tyran-
nical interference.

Mr. BRIGHT thought that t►ere was most need to pre-
serve the fell power of Magistrates in cities and hummer%
where t►e disorders wen most freqsent and hiddeu.
Mr. LUSHINGTON commentated on the danger of re-
straining the power of the Magistrates.
Mr. HOLFORD spoke to the same purpose.
Alderman WOOD wished to know why she Magi.
shoold fest pnblicity if t►ey Assigned to 'oviduct t►emolves
propeily ? If they were to t►row open the Petty &miles",
and give she publican a fair hearing, there could be so need
of appeal to the Quarter Semitone. But it was unbearable
that a man should be deprived of his right wit► so other
ftwut than the assouncement of the doorkeeper, that his
license was withheld.
Mr. G. BENNETT complained of having his time wasted
at the request of all sides of the Boort, and t►en of having
ti a Bill deprived of all efficacy by ausendmeuts moved is

Pates 7d.

11.. Coeneitgee'l sometimes by a ororetat speak..e as a time.
sed lade, thous fray perms' " tombs' their beets a.
thedisoloes," so* Ibat the BA of their own wortingeoship leas
, reedy ferthe law stage. His fret ogee tit li•leparifig the Bill
ems to faros the Hagistedes to pot does dieselerty houses;
tie setotlogijeet eras If, protect property Ohm etitiewary
pow.. deers hardship of depriviag Ws.
rendes a iikeretiosati poems. Where etas the taw iii..
while! Re defied aisy of thee to skew they led such a
pottor ti hie those* it had been acted liar tied
the cuelost eight ho pleaded. He intruded to prPo•ot
Magetriess hob dialog i• secret joule that which
they dare set de is the face of day. Why shoo lit
they bawd this secret sad perseeest authority seer •
.ice's whole property, when they toed eat to soy other
ewe Whet • shilliog foer without the right of spited to the
Owlet broslaws ? As hi She eacedse of it, the Hood heft a
boob NW ei Useless& Throughout the reentry it as. se-
- snrisso. Whigs ere Tories, the liessoisg system woe teed
few dectioneeelog parolees. He woo willing to loose net
" Cosines sod Hideo," sod put is tithe Old imentsgba, et
suggested. Let it he resesenhorod too. del l s Magiairsiee
themselves were heelers and distillers mid ..holy isteruted
is the shows he wished to Wary.
The Howie proceeded to • divioloo--
Far the Aldan
For the Antesdusest 2l

Majority for the third medium.... 17
While strangers were excluded, several classes ewe added
by way of rider, sad the Sill passed.
SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. Wtmatroaca-oHe first called the atten-
tion of the House to the peculiar situation of the
country in having become the general oegociator for
the abolition of this traffic. After explaining the.
several treaties made or attempted since the peace
for its accamplishment, he went to the consideration
of their efficacy. He praised the conduct of the Ne-
therlands for their prompt and effective acquiescence.
The conduct of the Spanish Cortes also, in declar-
ing the slave trade felony, and decreeing infamous
punishments, was deserving great applause. The
old Government of Portugal had held out, and
could only be bribed to it by offers of commercial
advantage, which it was fortunate she did not en.
tirely accede to, as it was found that the Treaty
was wholly inoperative. Throughout 3,000 miles of
coast north of the Line this trade raged in her
provinces, and the Governors were suspected of par-
ticipating largely in it. He hoped the new Govern-
went would iii this affair phew itself worthy of the
liberty it had assumed. The next Power he cause
to was America. It would be remembered that a
Committee of the House of Representatives last
year did adopt a measure for granting a regulated
mutual right of search, which, however. was
prevented from being carried into effect by
the oflitoee which was taken at it by Mr. Adams,
the Minister of the Uwted States Marine, ou
the foolish punctilio of • refusal to recognize
the right of search as a general question. A
Report had been presented this year from the
Senate, pointing out aot only • differeace, but a di-
rect opposition in point of principle, between a ge-
neral right of search of a neutral vessel by a belli-
gerent. and a right of search mutually conceded by
two Powers, and regulated iu its exercise by coo-
cession under treaty. This latter Report gave
strong reason for hoping that the American Go.
vernmeot would be brought to consent to some 11144.•
sure of that kind ; particularly when it was con-
nected with the consideration of the disposition
of the American officers on the African station
to unite most cordially with ours io a coin-
moo exertion for the suppression of this detestable
traffic. If the Governments of France and Ame-
rica could be prevailed with to join in some coot-
moo measure of that kind, from it might be
hoped that there would not be much difficulty
in inducing the other Powers to accede to it,
It was painful to observe the extent to which this
traffic was carried on under the French flag, in
spite of the declarations of that Government that
its utmost endeavours were used to suppress it ;
and it was difficult to conceive how • Government.
generally regarded as most eminent for its efficiency
in every other respect, should, in this matter alone.
find all its efforts paralised. It was a subject also of
deep lamentation. that a great, high-spirited, and
eminently-gifted nation, so recently restored to the
blessings of peaceful liberty under the Government
of its legitimate Sovereign, should appear to be the
foremost blasting the opening prospect of civili-
sation that had begun to dawn on Abica, and to
perpetuate the barbarism and misery of that ill-
fated continent. The Hon. Member then proceeded
to cm:intent on the conduct of the existing Admi-
nistration of France in sanctioning this traffic, in
opposition to the principles of true religion and
sound government, which they professed peceitarly
to support. He combated the received ',otiose in
France, that the present distress of our Colonies
was owing to the abolition. by showing that the
saute species of distress prevailed to an equal cateut
twenty years before the abulitioil, soon after the
close of the American war. He also met the ow,.
anion of the French to the abolition, on the &liked
ground of its being the interest of this country to
undermine the inierei.ta of the Frelich
support of her own, by referring to the prt.ciplr•
of free trade, founded on the conviction of a tr.
ciprocal adiantage to be derived by each parts
in contributing to the advancement of the other',
commerce, which the increased intelligence of the
present day had recently developed, mud by which
the Government of this country WWI endeavouring,
gradually to regulate all its commercial Wawa..
He controverted the barbarous doctrine and odious
policy of chute who advocated the African slave
trade, un the ground of the incapacity of the
blacks fur the enjoyment of lib( rty or the
blessings of civilization, which it was 'attend-
ed pointed them cut as designed by nature far
" hewers of wood and drawers of water" to the rest
of the world; and opposed to it the experience of the
several establishments of free blacks on the coast of
Africa, of which he gave a very animated anti glow-
iug He also anituachirrird, with much
effect, on the strange incousiotency of those permit,.
who could engage, without remorse or hesitatmo.
in pursuit of gain in the prosecution of a tialfic two -
lodious and so abominable as the slave trade, while
1 they exclaimed with the utmost vehtimesice and

~l
._
~
:,j . .

• 4.

.

f

r•.

i

I

1 i

I,

apparent horror against the practices of the 'Ale..
nay* in currying off the inhahttatits of the shore.
of the Mediterranean, under.circumateaces of VICO
Use atrocity and horror than thee which .at.
Arllded the 'albumin trade of the Afeitou Wavers.
'This country having been among the lest to eats.
blish the slave trade, and hoeing carried it to the
ifellisterst eitteiit, he contended, ought not to be sa-
tisfied with haying been the first to abolish it, but
was bound to VW Its uttoost eudeavours to effect
its total abolition by all astious, sod to offer all
the. reparation in, its power fur the deep, the
acid Icitsg,contioated wrongs which it hid
Ipieti the. womb of toilaCtong *pea injured Africa.
It Poe imspr‘ible to despise of emcees* in ouch a
cause ; and Its trotted his, Majesty's Ministess would
Continue to curt !brining's., with the same seal which
tlieX had hillirertikdooslayid, sod that the cause of the
abolition would:continue to possess that singularity
by which it had hitherto been eliaracterised,of uniting
persons of every 'tarty in the cordial and zealous
pursuit of one common object. The Hon. Member
;lieu concluded by moving the following
lieaslo-
tloes
• Waived, soseherroofrodlemies, Thetas Ineedde Address
be presented to Ma Majesty, b mytemasse to his Majoity that
the shoo newest which ibis Bomar km so loaf takco, sad stint
comisues to take in the abolition of tree Slave Trade, has
l.d as Is prima with ea bide soliritode the palm. re-
lative to that suijecs, which by his Majesty's eummetade
erre lately laid befogs as; *or meld we forbear todelgiag
• 'wipe that his Majesty's ..sowed reprivestatioas mid re-
moustrasees would- have 'as lamgsh pairdwaid die desired
effect of twofer the ratios* Goirenemeate by whose sob-
Jr eta the have Trade was slat marled ea, serloosly to must.
.Jre thie imeneross sail powerful obitgalsons ostler which
they Lty, in co-areal* with Me Majesty, heartily sad MB-
,. mend', is order to pot an mad for aver to this enormous evil :
" Bat dist we have Maenad with grief and shame, lint
with very few exceptions, every.hope of this nature has been
al timer's, frustrated, and that wet are still compelled to wit-
nem ate 'tempt sad humiliating spectacle of practices
which are acknowledmd to be made up of wickeduess and
cruelty by the very Governments whose subjects are Dever-
thelees carrying them on, upon a great and cooliauslly
iu-
cre+siwg vale.
• That wa 'bane., however, with satisfaction, that the
powerful realest*, and asatisued exporitalatioes of his Ma-
jesty's Governors*, eafersed by the strung and persevering
irmnastranen of his Majesty's Ambassador at the Court of
the Netheelanda, have et law\ produeed an admission of
the eemoreetio• of the Treaty with that Power.
"'rut we are glad tio ace that some of the aliases have
been corrected which bad prevailed is the coondoet of the
Ctiort. af. gaited jariadietiso at Siena Lame, bet that ex-
perience has proved the uecesrity of altruist that proessiou,
which reader. it necessary fur the slaves se have bees acts•
ally on ship hoard to justify the condemnation of the vessel,
sod of snowing due weight to be gives to that decisive
fano( of the object of the voyage, elboalli is affunied by the
p. roll's,' mode of Citing mid elsippioS slave vowels.
" That it iv same alleviation of the pMn produced by the
almost uniform Raour of these distr. lois( accoonts, to learn
that the Cotten of Spaiu has subjected all who should be
round emseenied Is slave sradiag ton ad infamous
.pueticharent end that with this evideuce of a just estimate
a the gash of the crime eamot but hoped.* they will
put rest tratitaid with a legal pouhibitioa, but that they will
pitivide the requisite mesas fur carrying their law tato
i•veestion.
r• 'Chat we An 4 with emcees that the vessels of Portugal,
so fie Irmo gradually sensing teem the trade, have beets tar-
rying it on 'with hetreneerl astority, mere especially es that
very part of the ream which if so the sortie of the Line, is
threes violation of the Treaty by which she bad stipulated to
confine her trade to the south of
•• That we commit bat cherish the hope that the new Go-
vernment of Portugal well manifest a warmer seal fur
eaforciur a Tittaty which every law, diets* or burn•n,
binds lore to observe; that we have observed with us
little pleasure the seal for the abolition of the slave
trade, that has been manifested by the conossoders of
the Alpe of war of the Uwited States of Aor uses, employed
on the coast of Africa, and the dispositiow they have *hewn
co-aperats with the officers of his Majestp'e Navy far
heir common object; but that we are eonceiroed to have per-
ceived in the Americas Goveroment no disposition to give up
the ohjectiums It formerly urged against the establishment of
• ennead right of exaMising each usher's ships oa the coast
sir Africa. That ws list hoped that die powerful arguments
Ivied by • Committee of she House of firpresessatives in fa-
vour of this arrangement,..rould bare their Jest weight, more
especially that which points oat the difference, or rather
contrariety, between this coaventional mid qualified system
and the right of martins' neutral vessels, without any pre-
vious tromps as claimed sod practised is war. Above all,
that the maindaration N strongly refaced, that it is °sly
by the esteblishosent of some sects system, nun the trade
can ever be effectually abolished, would have induced the
Governaleat to consent to it, when the object iii
spertion hamlet., the rights and happiness of au large a
portion of sat fellow-creatures.
" That wiles the deepest concern we Cud, as la the last
year, vessel, tinder the Preach flay tradiree for slaves aloe;
the whole extent of the crass of *lnca, at borne and abroad.
Proposal. are circulated fur slave trading voyages, inviting
the **elle* capitals, and trinptmg adventurers by the hopes
al enormous molts, that the few ships of war of that elms-
try also toned to Africa, offer a' material obstruction to the
trade, nor do the Governor., of her Colognes appear to be more
active. And all this while the French Goversourial repro-
Weed the traffic in the wooers( terms, and declares, • kat it
is osier its utmost 'forts fur the prevention of se great an
evil. That it is deeply to ist retratted that a Goveralucal
whirl. has bees geserally rem:tied as eminent fur its
dopey, should here alone find ,its efforts *co entirely paralysed.
That, meanwhile, se eau ouly coulinue to laineut, that •
great and gallant minim, easiocatly favoured by Prosideuce
with natural advantage", and among the very foremost in
all the distiactions sud enjoyments of civilised life, should
Our% ea es ressuratiota to the blessinaa of peace, and to the
.Gererinewut of its kitties*. &nitwit" appear, is fact, to
lir; tie chief agent is blessing Ili opening prospects of siesta-
sada., which sore Africa bad hermits peewit, and in pro-
longing she misery and barbarism of that ram Continent.
't That, as the whole, we cosjare his Majesty to renew his
remermteaners, awl to render it manifest that his interfe-
✓atite has not been a ostler of form, but ufsertuus and wriest
dirty. That sloe estuary mill at kind havis,llse satiofectitmlif
inswing that wa Mare been active and unwearied to making
tlviserafissis is Africa for the wruags with which we uarscivea
were so loot char/testae, and we enumet doubt that we shall
•Itimately be able to ruegratelaue his Majesty on the warren
▪ bus endeavours; and oil bus baying hail a principal shire
is wiping ac ay as fooled blot it+ the character of Christeu-
dam"

1 he Martinis of LONDONDERRY assured the
House that he did not rise fur the purpose of offer-
toir.ally opposition to the Address snored by the
Hun. Member, who had done himself mach honour
by the manner to which 'he had Wended with the
seat -and boneet ardour of
..hiseiteetities the dis-
charge of what be Mlle be-91 chliy which belonged
to him. a fair Mid titian" 'observance of decorate.
sad that temper aid ferbmionce due to the Go-
weeiseents of ether iedepeodeut States. He par-
took' veryinetis its 'the feehogi of his Honourable
rheed.iad is a greet part of his argument on this
antspet. And while he Wished to speak of the coo-
disci 0r the French • •ud American G.ireru-
meats is respect Id the measure of acceding to
• mutest pewev'ef march. with ell the deference
doe Lathe tiore:essienta Sates. yet
he 64 aiipiellt the relectiuce which they felt to the
sehipheo of ottellt eoMNOOtt measure
.of that sort.
dolikle'tluter Festal give remPlirti Steil to
,the- up.
detitroirro entirely to itippreas chi: ..bovio9yui
tftil the" Mire deepty regretted the tar/Aud st such

•it feeling. and the hesitation which had keen Mani-
leaded its consequence. on Ihe part of those two en-
lightened Goverenneros or France and Ameriett.
bectiosts he could enure elm [loot. Member and the
Hotree.that it operated *Well strong.reactron upon
the Governments of other countries, and increased
the. difficulty of iirgocuning with them spun the
subject. Ile concurred with the Hon. Member
in opinion us to the lilt fficacy of limiting the power
of condemnation to the owes of vessel* found with
slaves actually net board ; hut it would nut have
been found possible to induce the other Powers to
accede to the Treaty, unless under the limitation ~f
some defined mode of proof ; and at the time that
Treaty was entered into, he did look forward to the
operation of time for the adoptiois of a more ether-
ciao. system ; but whoever estrus.' might be
made in that teepee!, it was io vain for Eugland to
hope to succeed in her endeavours, as ;long as
France sod America continued to he restrained by
their scruples from acceding to sonic common mea-
sure of a regulated stretch. Ile trusted, therefore.
his HOU. Friend would give his Nlajesty's Govern-
sent full credit for the sincerity of their desire to
porsne the negociation on that head by every
fair means, as far as it could be crrritd with-
out pressing it forward in suet) a manner us to give
pain to the feelings of the Americas Govertitnent.
The distinctiiiit between the two C 474.11 of Fruiter snit
America was, that the Guverement of the latter
had the feelings of the whole of the population of
the country at its back in fattier of the suppression
of the trade, by which means it had been enabled to
increase the severity of its criminal code in the punish-
ment of those eng,aged in it ; and thouglt-there.was a
prejudice in the minds of the people on the stNect
of the right of search, which might have made them
in some measure averse to the sharing of such a
power with this country. yet the general feeling
agaiint the slave trade afforded facilities to the Go-
'tempera for reconciling the public mind to such a
osmium, which, exercised in common, and under
the restraint of mututil concession sod agreenteut.
contained nothing to offend their natiooal prejudices.
With respect to France, he was disposed to place
the most perfect confidence in the sincerity of io-
tentioo of its Government. But the uninformed
and prejudiced state of the public mind. and the
jealousy. with which it woo disposed to view the in-
terference of this cosatry upon the subject, inter-
posed a formidable obstacle to any attempts et le-
gislation upou it. He did, however. look forward
with the must anxious hope and expectation, that
the Government of that greet country would find
is mod* of rendering the treaties into which it had
already entered more perfect end more effec-
tual fur their avowed purpose, when better in-
formation on the subject should be brought home
to the minds of the masse of the people. These
were circumstances which ought always to be kept
in mind ; for it would be evident to the House
that all negocietions upon the subject with foreign
Governments must be conducted with reference to
the state of the discussious upon the question. not
here only. but in other countries. He could not
however think that there wash be much longer any
dithculty in bringing the Governments of France
cod America to accede to a regulated right of
march, without which, undoubtedly. it would be
impoasible to succeed in the entire suppression of
this iniquitous traffic. Concurring as be did with
the Hon. (Umber in the general principle. lie had
no opposition to offer to his motion.

Sir J. MacILINTOSH said, he could not but la-
ment that the most favourable opportunity for effect-
ing the complete abolition of the slave trade had•
been lost, though he was ready to admit that Govern-
meat had been sincere in its endeavours on the subject,
and should tint complain of any want of exertion
on the part of the Noble Lord and his colleagues
since ltil4. The Govermuenis of Europe, as far
as their conduct in regard to this question was con-
cerned, might be divided into several classes. The
Government of Portugal formed a class by itself;
bidding defiance to the representations of ether
Governments, and to the voice of humanity and
justice, it refused to join in any treaty fur the abo-
lition of this odious traffic, hut sold for a seas of
money the right of its subjects to pursue the trade
of robbery and murder on the west coast of Africa ;
and no subaequeut changes, no conduct of other
States, trot even the example of a neighbouring
nation, had been able to rouse them to a participe.
lion iu the feelings of the rest of Europe, or to an
imitation of the conduct of the rest of the world
upon this question. With respect to America, the
Report of the Committee of the Douse of Heine.
sentatives last year, and the late Report of the
Senate, gyve reason to hope that the people of
America would nut long be so absurd as to
continue to oppose itself to so just a measure,
on the were sound of " a right of scorch,"
with which, in its offensive acceptation, or in
any mode of exercise in which it could at all
he viewed no ■n object of national jealousy, bring
founded on mutual concession, and restrained by
mutual requlation, it bud, in reality, on connexion
whateve►. He could lint, however, tonsent to couple
the conduct of the Untied States of America with
that of the Government of Fr.nce on this question.
The United States have enacted the most severe
taws for the punishment of their citizens engaging
in this odious traffic, and their Government lies
been moat limiest in the execution both of the
old laws. and of the new and more severe ad-
ditions to the law on this subject. But what
was the state of the question with respect to
the conduct of the French Government ? He need
not state the extent to which the trade was car-
ried on by French subjects ; the papers before
the House fully explained how that matter stood.
But if all other proofs of the dispoeition of the
French Government were wanting, the admirable
*perch of the Duke de Broglio afforded abundant
information of the feeling of the French Govern-
meta on the subject. The two cases of the Rodenr
and the Jenne d' Ilairthrg. as stated by that illustrious
per►on, were sufficient of themselves to have rou►ed
thwetruogest feelings of indignation in every honest
Goverousent. The former Administration had at least
kept up the hypocritical appearance of a dis-
position to give effect to the existing treaties ; but
the Adomii,tration that was formed at the close of
tat year, lead thrown' aftall disguise, and spoke lit
lengatige that forbad all hope of a total abolition;
it teettriiyed a dein, to cuuui►e at the trade being
carried on iu secret as long as it could ; but as soon
I as possible to renew it openly and undisguieedly
is all its horrors—(tlw, hear, hear)--and that

•
Wit in Administiatissa which professed to act tiOnn
principles of peculiar strachment to religion
and good government—clear, heal—and
assumed So themselves the distinctive appellation of
Royelitts. • The ?Minister
of Fivatioe reproached
his Noble Friend with referring to the Treaties of
1814. because they were anti-national; he charged
him with bring an enemy to France, because he
wished to free her from the fuel stain of this odious
tralßc ; he charged him with wishing to degrade
the honour of the nation, because he sought to pre-
vent her flag from being longer m ide a cover for
robbery and inurder.--(Cheers.)—ln that speech
M. de Villele pruclainted that the principles of
that Royalist Ministry were to sanction by con-
nivance all the horrors displuyed in the cases
of the two vessels he had mentioned ; that
they were content to unite the restoration of
the Bourbon family with the revival of the slave
trade, and to identify the cause of legitimacy with
that of African slavery.—(Cheer..)—From a Go-
vernment conducted by such Ministers he could
hove no hope of future exertion towards the ex-
tinction of that horrible trade, The Honour-
able and Learned Gentleman theft proceeded to
centred the " disinterested" concurrence of the
Russian Government (having no colonies) in the
expression of abhorrence of the African slave
trade adopted at the Congress of Vienna, and
the profession of its readiness as a menus of
bringing to reason those Governments (alluding to
Spain and Portugal) which would not agree to its
abolition, to exclude the produce of their Colo-
' nice—with the new tariff issued by that Govern-
ment in 1820, of duties on the importation of fo-
reign produce, which was so contrived as to ex-
clude the colonial produce of those Powers who had
'Whaled the slave trade, and to give a uoutiopoly
of its markets to those who had steadfastly refused
to agree to the abolition. It must, he said, stand re-
corded to all posterity, to the disgrace of Russia,
that after her declaration of 1814, on the subjrct
of the slave trade, she, by her tariff of 1840, gave
the monopoly of her markets to Cuba and the
Brazils, the only colonies belonging to European
States where the slave trade was allowed to be
openly carried on with all its horrors and atrocities
undisguised; and that for the purpose of forc-
ing into importance a kw paltry establishments
embarked in the trade of sugar relining.—
(Hear, hear, hear.)—Such was the conduct of
one of the founders of the Holy Alliance, the
professed object of which woe to enforce the
performance of the duties of Christianity; but the
practice of which tended to violate the moat solemn
engagements, to foment the most atrocious evils,
and to promote violence, bloodsi:ed, and injustice,
ever a large portion of the world I—(Cheers.)—He
should have done great injustice to his feelings if
he had abstained from expressing his abhorrence
of the conduct of those two Governments. He
should nut be deterred from persevering in Ins
exertions in this cause, by any opposition, nor by
what was still more wearisome, the continued repe-
tition of the same aubjeets; but as long as he was
a Member of an assembly where free discussion was
permitted, lie would raise his voice in calling to
the bar of the public opinion of Europe tease
public agents of power whose coudect proclaimed
that they were to be restrained by no considerations
of principle or good faith.—(Cheeis.)
Mr. tilearrArr maintained that the conduct
which the French Government was pursuing for
the encouragement of cultivation in its Colonies,
rendered it incumbent oo all parties in the House
to join in some measure foe the relief of our own
colonists, and to enable them to meet the French
in their own market.
Dr. Luommatow said he had no doubt the
Noble Marquis had heard of the capture of a
Portuguese slaving vessel by the British ship
Pheasant, the Captain of which put a midshipmen
and eight seamen ou board to take charge of her.
The Portuguese master, with the aid of such of
his crew as remoitied on hoard, a few days afterwards
rose, and put to death the midshipman and seven
of the stamen. That atrocious murder was af-
terwards broueht to light by one of the eight
stamen, a black, who escaped with life. He
thought it necessary to Aura this transaction,
because it ought to be publicly known by what
nlluua the Protogue.e suffeisol this ',platinum traffic
to carried vim. And lie called on the Noble
is a Minister of the Crown, to de.
island bout the Government of Puriugal satis-
faction lot that outrage, and that the peroe-
Ireton should be delivered up to justice. Por-
tugal was flow hound to us, and he would not
consent to ;my them one thilling 6.r any t.uppoieed
low they might have itap.tained until they lolly com-
l.'', (1 with thins dictates of litinia..ity in which they
had voluulatily hound thriee.r ; and he hoped
the House of Commons would exercise their in-
fluence upon the G,,verlifnetol, maid tilt GOvertinrietit
upon lorrigit States, to put an end to that maroon-
' We traffic.

Mr. BERNAL Avid the Government of England
paid eatirrnous ennui In Splint and Portugal lnr the
infraction of their .greeinettt. Every• year the llviise
of comm.. v.,1.1 away 19,000/. to pay Cutuusii,
man to, und It %WI quite evidriit that unless they
were armed with voute strooKer potvers, the tenths
would he worse than u5.1...5. Spain and PO""lt'd
were paid between 4 and 500.000 i. for putting their
bignal urea 110 a Treaty which they diarevected. lu
one (Cuba), containing 14 millions of acre.,
.there were oily three indliona iu occupatlon. Con.
aequently alay.s were every day poured in, end there
could be no sop% where the tropoitatiou would
terminate.

Mr. tiARIIAM considered that interference at
present would do slime goon than harm to a cause
whirl' we all wished well. Ile was sorry to thiuk
that the trade would not be atutothned by France,
Spain, or Portugal, so lung as it was ptotilable ;
cud even if they did abandon it, it would lall tutu
hoods, perhaps, lll4lre desperate.
The NlJrtluis of LONDONDERRY thought the
tone and Milliner of the Honourable and Learned
Geutleman opposite (Sir James Nlacklutobb) was
colcoloted to rativtrraas the operations of Clove's.-
mew, whose situ-erns.lts the cause was um doubted.
The manner is, whicio lie bad spoken of the Govern-
mews of Franco and fin.sia could only ieted to
diwtonitt the Influence of Government spun throe
Puwerb.

Mr. W. SMITH said, ►hat when all treaties had
been violated. ►t ants not reprehensible on Gentle.
wen Ow float livuse to speak of such conduct ►n the

_~

languoie of condemnation. WOliklltialivet tip the
Commissions, he should feel it hisr &sty is tha Cool-
mitire of Supply to state his opinious upon theft
•
The question srarthen carried without • division.
INSURRECTION ACT.
Mr. GOVLBUtW postponed to Tuesday nest his
motion fur the renewal of the Insurrection Act in
Ireton&
