/z/

~ .: .

Tr147:.7---- •

Tr,

^I
. ~, °ll
Mil. ."
• . .
I .
~ ~ if .- - 7.::-,;) .auit v-,1, cretl r: ,!.'61.. !.? i ~ • ll'-• - ' I 6.lill'' ,
~..
.
,4, ks ' gittp3,..e . i .h. II twitr./.olot lear.l4lou. a... iO4 $ ,to:t.(1 %., i * ' W
1 Ia i •
ipl.:.:hisellt "J':-. e• . 1 !if )4 2,...4 031)0A hir,,* v: ~ i `)trel. 4,.. , ,
.. Lue:.!411.,
tr:_.4ol 1 4:'.. ..ix I!! 1 grimpf•• sat in ussol :,. •i - i;on 104 Moo ... i - .Lsi ,hti h•f, ;Iva , -^ i 1....". - ..*
~, ' . . • ; t ....or lok •' t ~ I' ,
1 , ' . • . •..,.. is ." , ~ ,-. •
—-- -- ___ _ ._. _ _ ' • •

7-^

^, ,
,W*!' .

.vt

ElMlwon

voirsiow paTw
UNBEIt 5746. 1,

-
LONDON,

Ws.
-

TM EA . IYA 1.,
THIS EVENING, SATURDAY, May 5,
Will be acted the Magical Roanaace of
HENRI QUATRE.
Hekei, Mr. Marrestly; Sully. Mr. Egerton; Gen. D'As-
*sot. Mr. Fencrtt; Eugene tie Biro°, Mr. C. Kimble ,• Fre.
shtick St-Lewis, Mr. Abbott ; O'Donnel, Mr. Colour; Mete.
he he, Mr. Emery; Gervall, Mr. D eeeee I; Jocrime, Mr.
I Aston,. Peuramea Si. Leis, Miss Greene; Civil Ide de Simon,
iliac Desnasosit; Lowlemi, Mi.'. Foote.
After which (Ilk time). a new Piece, in one act, called
LONDON STARS;
Or, •TWAs TIME TO COUNTERFEIT.
Pr. Borax, Nu Blanchard; Mr. Demotes Waren. Mr.
Connor: Trinity, Mr. Aikisa; Peregrine Plural, Mr. Yates.
Mrs. Thundertioak, Mr.. Davenport; Ophelia, Miss Beau.
mint.
To which will be added (12th timr), a new Grand Melo-
dramatic Socialite, called
UNDINE;
OR, THE SPIRIT OF THE WATERS.
tie Holdbrand of Ringstelten, Sir. Abbott; Seneschal of
the Pluesebold, Mr. Barnes; tYalter, Mr. Blanchard. UR.
aline. Miss E. Denton; Bertalda, Mrs. Viningi Bri;ger,
Pars. Davenport.
Ortslins.—Erldritioni (the Spirit of the Waters), Mr.
Farley ; tlyblis (the Goblin Sprite), Mr. Grimaldi.
Uadme, or The Spirit of the Waters, will be repealed 'every
overtime sill further antler.
On Monday, a Comedy and a Fume.
MWI Slerbelle will retorts to her movement is Troaday
West, vibes will be performed Dun John.
On Wednesday, The Provoked Husband : Lady Towoly
('Rest time), Mies Dance.
• Tits Play of The Tempest will be revived next week.
—7._.
MR. 111 A Til MS (having been out of hio
Element) will be (wand again AT HOME, fur the
lialli time. id the THEATRE.ROYAL ENGLISH
*WES A.HOUSF:, STRAND, this present SATURDAY,
Vey 5, and un Mondays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, till
further notice, when he will hare the ionour to attempt a
Description of hie Travels its AIR, EARTH and WATER.
Is Part Third Mr. Matlitwo will represent the Pleasures
of a Sea Voyage is the Polly Packet.

.11iNnate lo fist Boxes

WINE IVOILCESTER and WORCESTER-
SHIRE'. SOCIETY in Loudon, for the purpose of
forming the Minds of the Offspring of those Poor Negroes of
the County, who are resident so the Metropolis and its Vici-
nity. tie habits of industry and integrity, by Apprenticing
them out to various Trades, will have their ANNIVEK,
BAR,' DINNER at the Albion House, Aldersgate-striset
or 'TB F.SDA Y the ?litho( May, 1811;
Colonel DAVIES, hl,p, PalsotlTl in lltt Chair.
RirT E.Winui 'igloo, Bt. II .P. Henry Collis, Esq.
Sir Edward Mount, Bert. John Fowner, Esq.
Honourable John Coventry William Grano, Esq.
Rev. Arthur CyrilOaslow John Napkin,. &11.
Henry ivineingson, Esq. Morris Howell, Esq.
Edward Smith Bigg, Erg. Timms', Taller, Esq.
Ticke*.,lla, to be bed of ikr Stewards; at tb• Bar of the'
House; and of the Secretary, 10, John-street, Bedford-row.
~. • one Diao.er uu Table at half past Five.
WM. GRANE, See.
NAYS AND BELTS.—RORINSON and
VISTIRIN submit to Ladies' free inspection imme-
rses fashionable Pistierna, in English sod Foreign CUR.
SETS and CHILDREN'S STAYS, animated for .retentive
Shape, thimble sear, and perfect fit, however difficult the
figure. By his Majesty's Letters Palest, approved by emi-
nent medical men, newly-iuvonterl Stays to rectify errors
is shape, prevent sod core deformities, counteract spinal
curvatures, and support and cure persons awry, invieffilig"
seadering them straight and shapely, without say permit:km:,
steel, podding, or pressure. Elastic Bette, which roiratts
corpulency, local dropsy, viserral enlargement,
stresgthre abdomival debility, and give elleacioes
support after seeourhement, without uneasy cosapressiost.
Country Ladies instructed by letieis to send measures.
Observe the names and address, this advertisement being
quoted, imitated, and evro copied, by many unskilful and
incapable Knolls.
7, Iturk.street, Covent•garilen, London.
This day is published, in two large 1/1)111. Bvo. price in boards
1/. 4s. the Third Edition of
AN HISTORICAL. VIEW of the RISE and
PROGRESS of INFIDELITY, with a Refutation of
its Pritstiples and Kessosiogr. In a series of Sersoas,
preached for the Lecture fouaded by the Hon. Robert Boyle,
in the Parish Church of St. harp-le.Bow, from the Year
1609 to 1665.
By Het Bight Rev. WILLIAM' VAN 1111 LDERT, DD.
Lord Bishop of Landaff and Dealt of St. Paul's.
Printed for F. C. soil J. Rivington, Nu. 61, St. Paul's
..yard, sod No. 3, Waterlno-plure, Pall-mall ; and
thin:Rivingtons and Cochran, 148, Strand.

Lie? AUGHT OF THE PRESENT PERFORMANCES.
SADLER'S WELLS.
Under the Direelion of Mr. Egertoe.
Tills EVENING, SATURDAY, May 5,
a new Ballet Divertisement, smiled
LEON AND ussETTE.
After which a sew Comic Roden*, railed
MORE FRIGHTEN'D THAN HURT.
Porleye, Mr. Wilkiuson (of the Theatre-Royal, English
Opera Muse, who is cueneva fur a limited number uf ni/hts).
" We Tars bare a' maxim," sod " Cuckoo went the
(leek,' by Mr. G. Smith.
Ts orauclude with a sew Comic Local Estravaes
expressly fur this occasion, called
THE EPPING DUNI%
The übree of the Vceorry from gavel View taken on the
RN. by Mr. Grer imam! sod Assistauts.
Thor Doors sill be opened at Six, the Performance com-
mitoree as Serer', and iuvariablj close before Reveal.

written

ALL IN ONE DAY, 17th OF MAY.
S‘lrCJF*l' mud Co. the pohlie ettenti 111 l to
".7 Sawwirs fee the Drawi.ig of the Lotwry ou the
17ils Slay. To-ket and Skate Chant:is for the 4,007 Prizes
ante to I,c Oruro on tint day are now selloig at SWIFT,
zed C••.•+ °theca, No. 11, Pooh. y; 12, Charing cross ; and
34, Aldgate fligh-street ; at the following reduced Price*
•
TicKr.T £l4 14 I QUARTER..n 17
HALF . 7 13 I EIGHTH 1 19 6
SIXTEENTH ONLY TWENTY SHILLINGS.
Every Cillaral Own be decided on the 17th Slay, when
the Cottoning Capitals are sure to lie draw'', •iz. Two of
21,990/. Too of 4,0001. TWO of 1,004. Thirty-eevee of
3901: and 210/. due. Ise. and the Oleo 11111 Nareibera drawn
a.ll 'war so estra Chaser for Two of 211,2001. Two of 2,000/.
Tn.7l 1.00/. Twelve of SW/. and 2101 &c
and.etii, at large 'nay be had, gratis, at SWIFF and Co.'s
t1:11.-t-s, atone they IC Ott, in the last Lottery, Nu. 46; a
t'r.tl of '2l;nani ; 2,112, a Prise of 2,0001 ; also the very
4.1;10.0001. Prise ever drawn.

(•11 EA P 1.0 ftEHY!--GRF,AT CA PITA 1.8!--.NO
cLAssE,i!-1411 RESERVE OF TICE ETS!—
NO SUSPENSE!
ALL IN ONE DAY, 17th OF TIIIS
311ONTH (MAY).
Fury Ticket or Share drawn sinzly, each deciding it. urn
fate. and no other.
I:ecry Ticket ur Share purchased before 17th of this Month
111.7%. is Ville to he derided that Day, when ALL the
21,000/. Ptiat.r, ni.il all she other 4,006 Capital aunt other
Prizes MUST DE J)ttA%VN.
1 he Ticlads are 'sailed in Chances of Ticket, Half, Quar-
teri Eighth, and &strewth', and the fallowing are the Prices
turtle 17th Mac unly
..... 14/. 14'. Qaartet 3/ 17s. 0.1.
Half ..... 71. 13.. I Eiehtli .......I/. His. 6J.
Sktreuth oii!y Ous Puuud.
The Ticket awl Shore Chances are Selling by T. DISH,
ock.brolter, No. 4, Cornhill, and 6,11860 g-cross
Who Merril sod Sold iu the last Lottery.
1,1151, Class A-4,818, Class A-2,83P, Class 0, Three
of 141,000.
And several Id loot Capitals.
And by all hi. Agents in tl e Country.
ear Scheters, with full Particulars,

This day is published. price 21. 641. bound in red leather, a
flew and improved Edition of
WNTICK'S SPELLING DICTIONARY
I of the ENGLISH LANGUAGE ; in which the Parts
of Speech are accurately distinguished, and the Syllables
accented according to the just and natural pronunciation of
each word. A new Edition, carefully revised, corrected,
and improved.
By THOMAS BROWN F., L.L U.
. _

Anther a.. The Union and Classical Dictionaries," Pct. Ax.
Primed for J. Pianism', F. C. and J. Rivington; J. Nunn ;
Cadet! and Davies ; Longman, Hurst, Reed,' Clime, and
Brown; Scatcherd and Letterman; A. R. Newman and Co.;
Johu Richardson; .1. and IV. T. Clarke; Harvey and Dar-
ton ; J. M. Richardson ; J. Booker; Lschington and Co ;
J. Boothe; R. S. Kirby; Baldwin. Cradock, and Joy; Sher-
wood, Nati", and Jones; G. and W. B. Whittaker; R. Saun-
ders ; Road for Wilson and Sum, York,

This day is published, No. LXV.
THE MON'TIILY GAZETTE of HEALTH,
Aire 10 : containiug successful modes of treating
Pulmonary Coneomption will Organic Diseases, remarks
on the cantles, cure, cud prevention of Flatulence, Rheu-
matism, Goat, Typhus Fever, Red Gravel, Hydrophobia,
Palsy trf the Bladder, 'Tooth-acls, Watery Hem), Culla
Serena, Fluor Alleus, Cancer, painful Monthly Indisposition,
Scc.; deseriptioi "I the true Colchicum Seed, cases of how,.
of Cuw-pock at Bromley, and the probable cense, means of
counteracting ibe Oleos of an over-ohise of lAudinum,
new perparatioti of Opium, prevention of infectious Ferera,
inst, of error of judgment, rerun' kw on the Report of the
Ikeistfaril Dispeswary, effectual means of destroying Biqa,
de-script Mit ut the different Classes of Physicians, &r. &r,
Sold by Sherwood and Co. Paternoster-roe,; at 170, Pic.
caililly,uppusite Bond street, and all Booksellers—sof whom
may be had, price Is. the Addition to the 64th Number, con.
mining the Trial of Mr. Rymer, against the Editors of " The
Gazette of Health," fur as exposition of his Noetrosa Trade,
published on the 16111 ultimo.

DERANGEMENTS OF THE LI VEAL DIGESTIVE.
ORGANS, AND NERVOUS SYSTEM.
Just published, the Fourth Edition, cousiderably enlarged,
price 9i.
.FACTS nod OBSERVATIONS on Obstruc-
lambi of the Liver. sod those various, extensive, mud
often complicated Disorders of the Constitution, originating
f this source; drpietiug the causes which kad to a Mor-
bid muiliiitios of the Digestive, Internal Organs, and Nervous
System ; Practical Remarks on the different Properties of
the Riliary mid Gastric Secretions, sad upon other import-
ant Points of "bienial to Health: with an Appendix of
Cases, illustrative of the Principles of Treattneat.
By JOHN FAITHHORN,
Printed for Longman, Hurst, Iteira, Orme, and Brawls,
Paternoster.low; ball oho, by Constable, Edlnbargt;
Cumming, Dublin; Jagg, Swansea; Midis, Chaltephagii
Ellisloni Leamington i and illarkbarn, HirrOwlpHe,

WM!

• -

eAr

;ATUItDiI

_

( 11-9177.7:""muc t

•,Y 6, 1821. , ..w. -a •
....
sv.d bw.,..4,4' .•,...7,••0 :41 .._
•• •

.H'..l .

. -
capital released to wink. is other 'channel*. But
this was not the only point of view id' whit the
Bill attest to be considered. It was not Nitite.li
that the Bank was to be permitted teeny in spV e.
but the Bill went in aid and furtherance of wiskia•
ciple which had now been agreed upon by.Parlia-
anent as being necessary to 1b ieterette et the
country, tomdisea portents eveetneily .011/116. .
"lit' For Is44lll6Blltuse. he caoceived that Ohio'
Bill should lbsisin typed before, and that weettr"
but mow ailh ignorant is lied's., timid
have braid/W.- , la' She suppositiois' We the
truo.
Bunk laleedWaila to 61004 paid ie• cosh sibs, all
the wet which they had adapted with a view
to that object, which measures had ceased a very
material redaction in the quantity and value of the
currency. He felt quite sure that at any period
within the last tine usahths it would bare beets
gwite4way for the Buck to have rammed, rosin? in
cash.. -Media not .etteeitter the 810 falSe lig it, of '
a measure whicb required from Parliament the
most serious attention and distinct inquiry into the
difference between the two species of circulation
which be had just mentioned. The Bill was one
of a series of measures to fix the standard, sad
not to determine the character of the circulation.
—Whether the circulation ought or ought not
to be in paper or metal, or in metal only, was a
question which he did not understand to he at all in-
volved in the present measure. The Parliament,
following the course marked out by the Bullion
Committee, had never yet professed, as it had
not been attempted by that Committee, to have
formed a distinct opinion on the subject, bat left
it open to the expeiience of the next four or five
years, Elegi. Ih9igh the Bill did tint affect that
very difficult aud important question, lie begged
their attention while he stated, in a few words,
his opinion upon it. If, by adopting out or
the other of the principles before ineutioued,
they could have put a final extinction to the crime
of forgery, with all its dreadful consequences of
calamity and vice, Parliament could have no hesi-
tation, whatever might be the cost or incooveiriessee
to the country, in fixing upon that which was
likely to be the sorest guide to so desirable an event.
But he dad not think Parliament were in a state to
determine that point ; on the contrary, the wore
lie had given of his consideration to the subject, the
inure was he satisfied of determining whether the
crime of forgery was isiduccd in a greater degree
by the existence of a paper circulation than that of
coining was by one of metal only. It appeared
by returns which had been produced in an-
other place, that in the course of the last
twenty yews there bed been convictious for coin-
ing, 3,191, notwithsteading the existence of the
paper currency, while there were no mere then
1,581 couvictious for forgery on the Bank of Eug-
laud during the same peeled. It might Ist said
that the greater part of these convictious took place
for coining silver. But allowing for the more ex-
tensive circulation of silver, he apprehended that,
comparatively speaking, there could be little hope of
a diminished rate of that offence in the circulation
of gold coin. Remarking on the facilities which
existed for coining, leis Lordship said that. the best
judges were of ()pianos, that the irnportatiou of
plativa from South America into Europe, held
out very forcible inducements for corrupting the
gold coin. He thought, however, that the House
ought still to suspend their judgments on the ques- .
Lion, of which the modes of circulation which he
had named were the best, observing always, as his
opinion was, that if there was no difference in the
amount of offence induced by either—if both were
equally consistent With. the welfare of the empire
in other respect', a paper circulation was prefer-
able, because it was a more economical machine
to work the interest of the community than
metal, which it prevented from becoming
dormant by being held in circulation. One
modification he would add to those which he
had already given, that, in case of a paper circu-
lation being determined on as best, it ought not to
be put in practical operation until the safety and
soundness of it were insured by the effictuel limi-
tations for its issues, and by such scientific improve-
ments in the preparation of it as would impart a
~
greater degree of security to it thin could at pre-
sent be reasonably hoped for. Hts - Lord.hip ex-
pressed . wish to set those provisions adopted which
were suggested by the Bullion Committee at the
time of these inquiries ; dolt, with a view to the
resumption of cash payments, the Bank should be
compelled to purchase bullion periodically at a
fraction below the Mint price. Otherwise the
whole circulation of the country would lie at the
mercy of the Bank, when in point of justice the
Parliament ought, at the same time that they se-
cured the return to cash payments, have secured
the continuance of the circulation to the full extent
of the previous currency. There were other ob.
servatious which he wished to make, but into which
he would not cuter at prima. The Bill was
chiefly to be considered in its relation to that sys-
tem which the deliberations and wisdom of Parlia-
ment had induced them to adopt, namely, the re-
turn to the aucient standard, He would not etritilt
born liis shire of the responsibility which affixed
itself to the adoption of that principle. He
thought that every thing which had been done by
the Nuble Bail opposite and by the Parliament
two years ago, to bring back the old standard, de-
served the thanks of the country, because it went
to re-establish its credit ; but he must say, that
it never hail entered into Ibis conteniplatiou or that
of any other person, except the Noble Earl and his
friends, that any additional attempt would be made
to increase the taxation of the country. At the time '
they resolved to return to the old standard, there
should have been an inquiry before-hand if the
taxation of the country was fully equal to the ex.
penditure ; and if there were tiny possibility of re.
ducing the expeuditere, that reduction, with a
similar abatement of taxation, should have taken
place. If it had been clearly ascertained that no
such reduction could possibly take place, it would
have materially sltered his view et the practicsibi-

:0411.

;4tab

>..

,••. .

'~'~4.

;rT:-.~
~~

_

•; '

...
11l ( , „,
7,k At
1i5...._

ilI

-;m1

,

•

•t

,Itt!

PRICE rd.

4 lity of carrying the measure into effect. But he
'could still less have thought, at the mascot in
which they were determined to make that 4reot
sacrifice, that Ministers hod resolved on meting
very heavy additions to the burdens of the conatry.
That grievousadoilion hail been made, and bellied
nothing then to urge against the particular tam.*
svii;eli were chosen Mr the purpose, nor the effect
which ices thus superadtted to the difference oleic
summit of taxes under the old and new deiloanna-
lions. It had been proved, to the confutatiois of
Mr. Ricardo and others, din that difference was
not to he weighed simply by the difference in Cie
priers of gold at the two seteral re; iods. but the
it was to he considered in its compound relatiofis of
the several prices of gold end the several prices of
commodities, we they were iiiflueuced, to a seer)•
considerable depression of f,ricro, by the dieters
in the currency. fie mentioued ahis to piastre
the Impottance of redircieg the times winch
then and unw 'saved, and without that redac-
tion he felt conviuced that tl•e itturn to the pre-
vious standard could never be effected. Par-
liament was then hound to have diminished, and
nut to have increased, the taxation. He would be
asked, could Porliament give up all idea of a Sit -
Mg Fund, and could that Sinking Fund have been
preserved without reducing the interest of the debt,
or imposing new taxer ? He contended, that Par-
liament had abandoiled the Sinking Fund long
before—the shadow had been preserved indeed, but
the substance was abolished. They would have
done better to have allowed the euricliment of tl:e
country to have laid the foundation for new im-
posts. They had thrown back the advance to
wealth for the sake of securing a shadow, for so lie
must cousider a sinking fund of three millions, to
meet the charges of a debt of between eight and
nine hundred millions. There did exist a hope.
however, that, by relieving the pressure of tyre
taxes, the people would have become enriched too
sufficient degree to allow, of such additions as could
have given the fullest security to the operations of
a sitiking fund. There were only three coulees
which were left open to them to pursue :
They might. after the failure of any .aitempts at •
retrenchment in the expenditure, have proposed a
reduction of the debt--a thing never to be thought
of until all other measeires had failed. Secondly,
they might, though the measure was almost
objectionable, hare altered the denomination of
the coins. But, if there were not justifiable be
the impelling circumstances. the only course kit
would be to bring down the establishments to as
low a scale as. the iuterests of the country would wi-
nk of, and to have incurred a risk (so this poitii,
rather have added to the bordens of the country.
after hoeing augmented the !reassure of those whic.i
before existed, by a recurreece to a slisodurd of
superior Qtr. Without some modification of
this kind he conceived it impossible. to carry into
effect the general principle in furtherance of'which
the Bill before their Lordships had been introduced.
The Earl of LAUDERDALE made some remark;
on the nature of the currency. With respect to
the price of gold, so triumphantly referred to in
the discussions on the effect of the Bullion Pas-
meats Bill, he saw nothing its the argument of that
price having been steady for six months together.
It was with him tantamount to saying. that there
had been no free market for gold during that .
, period. As long as supply and demand were at
work in any market, it was impossible that the
price of the commodity could remain contiunally
the seine to a halfpenny. He inferred, therefore,
that the present price of gold Ives a fictitious
price, and there was no criterion whatever to
judge as to the market price of gold. from
its being in our market 31. 17s. 101 d. for motitho
together. But if he could nut collect the price of
gold from the home market. he could from the
foreign one. as it was represented in the price of
doubloons and bullion. Now doubloons had fluc-
tuated in value in the course of six months, from
31. 14s. 6d. to 31. 19s, Old. By the present price
of gold at home (we understood his Lordship to
say), the same doubloon, would have stood at
3/. 194. 7d. Here then he Mond a way to come
at the real price of gold, which be conceived
would be different from the fixed price of
31. 17s. 10141., by comparing the price of an
ounce of „old, of the usual standard of twenty ca-
rats, •withiliree graius ten pennyweights of at!r,y,
with the price of the doubloon in the several mar-
kets. As to the point which had been re.erved, the
consideration of which was the best sort of currency,
he thought that it was by uo means deer that a
paper currency was more economical. He knew
how it was stated to be so, namely, by 30 millions
of capital being kept loose which must otherwise be-
come fixed, and which might be otherwise em-
ployed. But gold could out be purchased in that
way. Guild must be had, and manufactures newt
go abroad to get it. If they wanted thirty mil-
lions of it, they roust send out nismufactures to
that amount, which would be a positive benefit to
the country. As to the chespiless of the paper
money, there were two senses in which the term
must be considered, as it regarded the ccm.
gawky and as it affected individual.. The ex•
port of the commodities to procure gold must be
an advantage to the country. On the other hand,
with regard to individuals, one currency was the
mune as another, as they must give identically ti.e
same value in exchange for a one pound note ur
sovereign. Taking in the expenses of paper-mak-
ing mud stamp duties, and the trouble and expeeses
of guarding against forgery, he thought it would •
be found the most expensive'medium. He did cot
apprehend that the inducement. to coin were much
to he dreaded, es the utmost advantage in coineig
silver of a quality capable of passing in company
with the Mint coinage would be about 14 per cent.
—As to the recinctioe of the establtshruents which
had been hinted at, he conceived that it was tinier
to talk about it than effect it. He wished to see
something practical proposed in the way of re-
trenchment. The Noble Lord thought it racy to
bring dowtt the establietuttlret+ hot he (Lord Laiodtr-

~t-

~;.

~~a~i(',

• .
.. .
Kipurs Ml:Arms. 1 GRAND VENETIAN CARNIVAL,
/111-11 S EVENING, SATURDAY, May Si
, (By Authority of the Right Use. the Lord Chamdmilain.)
will be performed Riossiora Opera, totaled, THEATRE ROYAL, ENGUSH OPERA HOUSE,
.311.
I.A GAZZA LADRA. STRAND.
r After which Bat celebrated Ballet of A T lite request of many Noblemen and Gen-
' NINA ALA VOS.LE PAR AMOUR. [lb Newer, leaving Town for the short Parliamentary
gugeoni,,roe Newt hasrooluntod kr /moms &nog Vsmatiom the SEC./ND MASQUERADE will not take
ilie few day...he he. to remain is Lombok , place moil WEDNESDAY, May 9, 1823, wises the dif-
•„* La fleitteula di Tito, which has been deferrer, ow fercat.opeolitrritirs and enatoma of the Carnivals al Venire
nrrouot of the itithamyritioa of Madame Albert, will be pee. Roam Naples:, and Florence, the Intrados of Portugal,
aid
iJrmed on Turodsy next. • the- Ftl9ionea of Spsig, will be introduced; together with
all the Games, Dances, aid Rareeisee, of the motor Tour.
11181.6.11, aid Revelries itt: Country; fur which purpose
THRATAN•NOYAL, LIKURY•LA NS.
Is this E.nterGtalitmeut) have
rilFll4 'IZVENING, SATURDAY. May S. "k 4.7 G.. r.llll_7n.(2ollo.rra.
-it his Shsjesthyttipirrsois will perform the Omsk Opera of alread
neropeenw:7Bltraie :I
ibis
Tiumpproprietehe
itutpr.
with
fitted op
.• ' uptrlclN A VILLAGE. ' Ary whole of the exterrive aseoranes SsernsT, and Miami-
ak Inouye •• ' ' Air. Fisk; Totter Wmdlows, Arr. rate/ is varies,' forms with isasy.. ~ - of variegated
IlMarstoi NISIt.; hirialles • Heedbers, Sr.,' -Loimps,,• he predate lbe 'Metes : . Boutiques
.106. ga64..Amm,yeassaltiVestlieset, Air Geiger% Mime. r • ?—. - . ups, for the
4.104.1, ,Irl 41"., . l ,ii!II.11-64,. aka.
" 'r;tl742;faildilll=Pled ;I .140.101 .. brawl at
imoihimi
. .. Wallah 11001111/Oridl - *V C/ae
• . J.-I.kt , . ,Ittit=il4.. .- •
. I , :e..14,.../.. t,;....s „. ' . .:,..
~‘ .:-.P,
.... , r. awing, Pia6Nay, • Mr. Cattle; • . . . ,isompwri.,i,trint swpetlw, NZ lestfis
sm., . ^": . Peggy, Mn. Urger; Miss Laurelia Ds:. : It.ll
ruble, ere. MC. ' " "fuse tit thesittitt ruin pede libero pellucid&
Illecreso be sprield at Halt past Six o'Clock—phi Play to leilas.'—H orate.
tisane esilmes.
The Supper will be provided by Mr. Williams' of the
Du ,pa . imam' Prier, 3s. ej..._pif, as. 61. , swims Globe Tavern, Fleet-sireet. Supper Tickets (iselading
Prior, ss..-4sillery, Ss.; tesiad Price, W.—Upper Gal- Muses) 10s. tid. each.
levy, Is. ; Second Price, 6d. Masquerade Tickets, One Guinea each ; Double Tickets,
Private Buses pas ,elv be obtaiuckl fur the Evening of to admit a Lady and Gentleman, If. Ills. Sd. (with the meal
Refreshments); to be bad of Mr. Steven's:to, at the Bun-
Mr. Itudoell, at the Sex Olßee.
oilier. Strand Enhance.
Os blosiday, the Opera of The Daemon.
Admission to the First Circle of Boxes Ss. Tickets sad
Nn operatic Drama, entitled The Riad Impostor, will be
Pisces to be had at the Box-elSce ouly. Admission to the
iinforated its Tuesday.
Gallery ba.
----
THEATAR•IIOYAL, COVENT-GARDEN. N.B.—Eoirsoce to the Boxes is. Exeter-street.

11r•

s

~ p

r!:

1. o
..stteneetry, sad __ __;—.....ser 111 'all 'lemma oh,
i-44,4vriere at pewit labooriag tesatili the effects of the
- lA:improved atoudard. He objected to the principle
"I'..pf At sinking hind. It was • forced accumulation, l
'.
.ehirti ip itself etas had. if the country were teo i
•,..il.n.a sicker. he did not believe that it would be
. 'betier off _foe hoeing s sisiltiog feed. It would be
. ' in :lib brave. "to remit taxes to thestime amount.
They erueild increase the produce of the either
taxes by so doiog, and give iusient relief to the
row/lenity. 'What would they say to the man who
'in the hour of difficulty, wheu lie meld scarcely
'ohts'isi either food or labour should persist in saving_
''sip • portion of his earnings ? Would they net
j'feel that he ought Ann to secure himself the
• neirsearies able? So with the country. if the
time sbohlerceme when they could save any thing
beyond teedful expenditure, Own the advocates of
ti siiikiiit fund (supposing •..) to remain) !Meld re.
•' quire indite eases to be liiid'uto fix accumulation to
• lertmeet ihri,olearges of the debt. It would, hewevers.
- les /ve s'ilertivable benefit to give up tfie sleeking feuds
• d t• it would'reesit about 2.500,000/. of. taxes, and, it "
/..Lieonld ceoete instantly en increased demand for
iessilationr. Ms Lordship concluded by givmo his
ettliiiipport to the Bill. mild his Wanks to the Ruble
- Tad who Weight it in, whicb.he was the more ear.:
;, ;crest in. bemuse it went in furtherance of those prie-
r dlfiplels which be ;Lord Lauderdale) had always en-
' .eieltestained on the sultieet.
• ' turd Num said, that the difficulty of reisiag
the rime anetunt of tette. on a standard of Menu...
ed vaitteMight to have been relieved by the nioet
rigorous -retrenchment on the part of Government.
•The Noble Earithd not know how retrenchment
could be effected; het had the House of Corn. :
. acne at thetwginiiing of lust Session resolved tKrit
K. was etiptillent to reduce the expenses from nine-
teen to "fifteen deaths's*, leaving it with the Mints-
ter to etetertnine in what way the reduction should
• •he made.' he had little dentin but that he (the
ere . ttliciseetil would have
,contitveil to huge carried it
._.;into Olio*. The difficulty of raising the same
le .remount of taxes in a st•nduril of juts-eased value,
e biome further aggieersied by she additiiiii 61 I testi
~0110Moriens. ; The mleantage to the public creditor in
. Altering A* .stesseteed Ness gre..t enough, without
Arising oo three millions of new taxes to secure him a
.. jiietkiug fund. They hail now Out only increased his
i '4loeatoe. loot Jed ridded to his capita'. The Bank
• pokes) djoisai.hr,l their issues me to make the value
of
the otoutioid higher than was nereemry. They
hod nut mill raised
.1110,1441/111111d to its former scale.
La had trite briellill.ilieri They gnu an increased -
price for gidd,ueikspeold,heve NBA coiniderably'
Lelow what it nap., ~T4.411g. et had bare to radar it
beyond the Mut prier.. Theißitl was retry much
grouted. Three sissuagthee way,hdltaif increasing
the currency. Peoplitifilthild trehe gold oqt of the
Bank in bollitteN.get, 4,getiropt,at, the ?dint,.
l'he seveietee. cilia ,b,Alaill -*ft. the Bank.
rind there. ley *elf ge, f rit VAIIII
.01 permursion
I'4 0.. r the n.......u5, ov.., "tit ant been Coe this
um. The Beek Jpie%,4tite eager, to tiny geld,
mild lad decreased esopir Mtn Mach. •:1 utigreg
1,
by foreign excliatigesiir eperivird the Inc!i. sof, ,
gold ought not to.
.7:4clet non beyond t:lik..
or 51. 16.. He qn
i,.... that there were ills et
be hreught in Pr' allowptit sita:pt,stoation p t
e
even the inettini of coin. ' I e Conceived, that t
ierteeereent to Ih4'lliliVere:iiiieht to bre !.ken suet.
antis wus the trolyCirisittry in Europe st tere thin ex- '
pease Of coining Writ not taken but of tire coin. If
. they dtd not chair% ileigniorage, they outlit at least
• ' to charge biaonge of IL per end. on the 'coinage.
' I The Mitt might restore one per fent. to those who
• ' wanted old to Mett, and thus the inducenreet to
. melt coin would be wholly taken away. After
again urging the necessity of charging for coining,
rind not suffering the country to be at the 'eltpenlie
elf it, 1-e concluded by expressing his concurrence
in the Bill.
The Earl of LIYIIII.OOI, in reply. ac.quieliced
in the description given by the Noble Marquis, of
the Bill, which was only a permissive measure, and
left the question, as to the nature of the currency,
quite open. He conceived that there would be
rather more difficulty in 'determining that question
after the passing of the Bill. For, supposing the
Belk to call in their 6 or 7 millions of IL notes,
the circulation of the metropolis, mid of Lanca-
shire especially. would become entirely metallic,
and there might be great difficulty in revortiorg to
a paper currency agent, though he was ready to
admit tl•.rit they could itlwas recur to the win--
elide of restriction revile. Ile thought a paper
currency must economical ; but they were heeled
to conorler the whole or the evils ari.ing from
that currency, which were not confined to the
esime and caitiuliti-u of forging, but comprised the
.141e4ler evils of over.spreulutsoto and over-trading.
..•tle admitted that itohl, of they could get it, might
. Asa lad helew 3/. 17s. 104.1. per or. but not Whole
: she Bank would give that price for it. He de.
..i feuded the meat-use of imputing three millions addl.. "
, „tortoni taxes oat the Fuld.. to 1919, which he w.aiii."'
lotAroisied .did nut add at all to the distresses of ther
.willetitotrywnotwitivitimiling the alteration in the value
~ ,of the currency. and to prove it he would remind
. their Lordship* that the urine distress lied been felt
~-osis eouutries elicie there was little or sio circulation
mitored with ours—in A' -. and t of the

i ...cr—ts
sure greater than the *leak ettPelbleit nirentry
.
Nebo years ago. The sense ninilber how
; bet in service met more thin they Would Ilan war.
kThe pay of the marine sad military had been.
Increased, peehesso unnecessarily, dhring the War.
AR they could place back the Isidt.poy• lift sod tile-
pay of the soldiers to what it was before, the main.,
burden world be reduced. He objected to ariy.i
alteration, of the coin and to charging eeigniorage
for coining, thongh he thought there shoilld be eV
cluing' for brissope.
The Martinis of LAUSDOWII. sad the Earls of
LiveitrooLanel L•unfintial.B.Uelagually explained.,
The Earl of MIRA LUY urged the necersity of re•
during the establishments, and pressiised before that
end of the Session to bins' forniod s serctic
position fur that purpose. • ; •
The Duke of WULLIUSTOII maid, that if the/
whole 'materiel of the Orthiossee Department were?
is be swept otr, it would not tamke a difference of.,
•
one third in the ralinnittn„ '
The Bill war read the and time And pese.A.
Adjourned at seven. o'clock, ~„1, -- • .
.L • ' t •
MOUSE OF COMMONS, FltittAT, NAT 4.
• (it b:
NOM WRIT. •iiit
Mr. S. BOURNE moved furs new writ foe the saran 4
of Andover, the room of Mr. Thomas Asthenia Smith.
HORN-BLOWING.
A Petition was presented from certain Inbabitaols tf
Ss. Gewsgea, Hassover-atipaare, that lhe practice
hawking thugs for sale by Wowing of horns during the diy
or night may be abolished, on nreuusa of its eittettleistioe
‘vristence, amid the dangerous consequences of the sudtkO
stunts excited by pea noises to preens awakened by Hie*
out of their deep, o sick person, sod pen isultuly to feisalelai
Mr. ELLIS presented a Petition smiling the •
Wharves Bill --:Referrsd Is the Cirnenittreon the said
A Petition was presented from Neirciuole agai
Scotch Court of Admiralty Bill.
Mr. SHAW presented • Petition from epee this
.titlersof Dublin,
tprepitig for the repeal of Oft Wimeing Tat.:
reed to
,
•
Chifitlti A I. LAM'.
Mr. CUR%VEN presented two Petitions; nose front the la-
bahitant• bf W'retoar ; and the other from another tow
Cumberland, praying fur a revinuo of the Penal Code,l
a view toils amelioratiou.
Mr. M. PITT pe. *Mind 'Petilloesvet
front Tewitesbufy, iu Glourestershire,.ped *elm
tad Bridpori, in Durseiahite.
T Mr W. LEMON present. d twoPeltitions of a like nature s
Meat Padstow, mid another plate, in the County of Corn.
i,wall.
Mr. H. DAVIS presented a similar Petition from the City 1
KIST Bristol.
' Mr. POW LETT presented a Petition 1 thip....alert
, , •
'from Darlington. $,)
Mr. WYVILL presented a gibe.'
ing, m Yorkshire e„ • , • •• I
• ittr. ABERCROMBY presente4 %ikon*. Nopilow,Spals
Kidderminster.
' General GASCOYffi Plifihkii* I
• Liverpool. ....Pi. 1 ..• 1,46111
Mr. HEATHCOTIS Ferman! a Ponies et *Nile le.•
scriptioe hum Boston, la Liticolushite. .
Three Petitions were severally ordered. to be prime*,
Mr. MACKENZIE said, be bad seen io the Newirpe
• statement, porportiog to he a 'report of what had beers
said by she Hon Member for Shrewsbury, his IhSCommitleit
Obeli* on the Army Rations«, which tut
1.4
semesseir of a person inletisig • high anted
4
.110 apieliworti it because he felt convinced thse Op,
beb Member must have been misunderstood, Mad be
I le give hint an opporteinity of tote ctiug the mistatemeist. $
Mr. 11. G. BENNETTsaid a few words, wholly inasubble
is the gallery.
31r. MACKENZIE expressed bineelf perfectly.
With the Hue. Illeisiber's explanation. it, itii•to
Mr. O. G. BENNE rT preaesned a Petition Awe a 11(
offillere'laliing • nitration In Giteermitio Hospital, w it
wasoewe cue Id sot leers. He said a similar Petition
been presented from the some individual by the His. Ca
.•,1
Wablegrave, in 1818; but the mauve was out then goo
into, owing to the absence of the Si en taffy (*Ate Attalla
• tatty, who was thin in Ireland. The Petitioner complained. 1
that having beet grievously lions ded in the Naval Service,
he had accepted the appoiatmeot which be soar h4;14
Greenwich Hospital, by which owns be had been d
of the pension usually granted for wounds aid services. '
Mr. COOKER slated, tint the case of this Petitioner WI
'already been twice or thrice before the House He had heels
wounded at as earlier period of his service than that whiell
would have colitled him to • pension ; but, al a twirl or
favour, in consideration of his case, be was promoted so •
situation in Greenwich Hospital. %Viten, busever, the not
heaved at which hr would have beou entitled to a praeloo,
he raiser unreieonalify applied to have the pension snowed 1
dill retaining the appointment vend receiviug its salat,
a request which it was rot thought proper to comply with,
and upon that refusal his Petition was founded.
ales H. G. BENNETT said, he thought the 5501. a year
yea but a miserable pittance !or in Officer who hail lost an
eye, had his jaw broken, and one of his limbs sheltered.
Sir I. COFFIN said, the oititation linviug been given to
the Petitioner lo•fore he was entitled to s pensive, be thought
• that individual had snit tame% to complain of. Hg Stacy
many Captitiis who • ere still receiving IMidshipmen pea.
stuns fur which they hail received.
The 'Nation was then order. il to lie our the table.
DUTIES ON SUGAR.
I.nrd STANLEY presented a Petition from the Chatebte
of Commerce at Manchester, praying that iftwiy alteration
were made in the duties ou sugar, the growth of the East
and West Indies, theirinterests might he protected.
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER maintained
the eiereseity of encouraging the growth of West India sugars.
After a few vowel. from Mr BERNAL and the CHAN-
CELLOR of the FXCHLV.RJEIL which we were prevented
from hearing by the noise to the Callmy, the Petition being
brought op—
Lord STANLEY said he was emit aware of the actual
state of the law on the subject, but lie presented the Peti-
tion at the nosiest of a beige nimbir of bialcoustillicuts.
Mr. RICARDO objected altogether to the principle of

owls
.-. tlirM
. Ails MIeSR"
Ai obserratinis.
...oinAL expreeeed his surprise that ,
mind sad geueral good seam of his Hon. Friend should have
allowed him 6 be hurried by the feelings of the moment
into expressions su iijorissers, He
:Milled upon los lion.
'Mead to iuquire into the eisedition of the slave popollitiou
is the West Indies, and he was satisfied that he would Sod
reason to retract in the fullest meaner, the expression which
m ibed used in rrfrrenrr to the colonists.
Mr. H. G. SENN ETT said, if it was expected of him to
my that the general tree...eat of the slave popielatien
the West Indies was boating sod proper, it was Will
amid sot do, fur his Doha.' mu 'quite otberwiee. WilS
.spent to his Hon. Friend tailed hint (Mr. Barham), he
happy to say, that from, all tithed learned, he believed so-
thing could be more humane MR the management of the
'Plaves outdo properly. But he, emild mot bring himself to
'Speak 'of the slave system iii the West ladies generally, but
Amuse of cruelty anti inbuistapity.
• iIr,,GORDON said, be did sot wish the Hon. Member to
hear testimony ty any thing sgsinst his own eouvietion„ be
rely Wished himl„..never to talk of things which he did. nut
r* emilead mid.
•• - Mr. BARHAM maintained that the general treatment of
the slaves in the West Indies was MOM kind sod ltesoae.
• Sr R. WILSON *ought that wherever slavery existed,
cruelty, oppressioa, nod inhosnanity, mesh weeensarity be
. ••
-be fused. . l.' ~
De. LUSHINGTOIS *imported the Woisfilleasber Sir
Sinridiary, in his feelings as to the slave elyellams add coo-
Mead iii the spatl e. of he tallest General, that whereat,.
agpalum of slavery srashikibliahed, enmity and oppresses,'
IflZWltritres'ail- They dlit itnet mein to tax any inilividald
emelt, or inhume* 4. het it was their convict'
.11
that wherever • system of slavery was established, it no. 1
otrepoorible by any regal/dieing, however wisely sod human
canceived,to resent magi cruelty IN praetiee; and fur his
own part, he was cooideat Omit it dill prevail to a groat,
'clad in the West ImINII. •ihis Learned Civilian quoteel,ll
in support of his Doilies, ills expresablA Is tile letter, •inuerg '
earl
many which he bad seem, in *Lich an agent in the West
'tidies, writing to his priaiipil isa this country, said, " y :
gang of slaves look more like a gas; of ghosts than Nimes'
twines:" If any rirefereace were to be given to one sow!
over the either, hr thought the East India sugar had the
better claim, an in it the interests of the population of Hiss-
doatan, who were subjects of this cattalo", were greatly its-
volved.
The Petition wascirdered to lie printed.
Bea-BAITING. .- • ...
Lord STANLEY presented a Petition Ste; the Town of
1 toehdate against the practice of bull-ha/Mg.
After a few words from Mr. BOOTLE WILBRAHAM
'the Petition wits ordered to be rimed.
CRIMINAL LAW.
Mr. F. BUXTON, or the pert of an Hon. and Learned
Baronet (Sir J. Mackintosh) postponed to the 18th instant
' the second reading of the forgery Punishment alitigation
Bill. He wished to know if the Noble Lord opposite would
pledge himself to give the priority to the notice on that Slay.
The Minquis of LONDONDERRY said, as far as be was
concerned he would willingly undertake nut to !wise on iiiiy
thing tin that day to interfere with the discussion of the im-
portant question to which the Hon. Mather hail alluded.
'The seemed reading of the Derellitie-14use Robbery, and
the Navigable Rivers Robbery Bills, was postponed to the
16th instant.
Dr.• LuSifiNGTON orreil for accounts of all sunned
moray paid to the Goetradienste of Spoilt and Pottngal, or
WOO subjects. latemaselaltece of the Trento a fur the atoll.'
hos of the Slave Trade.
STATE OF EUROPE.
. Mr. C. HUTCIIINSON rose to make the motion
li of which be hail given notice, relative to the evsnts
row passing on the continent of Emmert and it
having been intimated to him that it was supposed
Isis motion would istetfere with that of a Noble
. Lord (Lord.W. Wunsch) oo she subject of Sicily,
he begged to state that it was nos his intention, in
any massiwr, to interfere with that Noble Cord's
motion; and if t.e had understood that what he
was about Id propose r Otlid love had that effect, he
should been bora ready to give way. He was sen-
sibly of the magnitude and iteitiorlimee of the top.c
on which, he war about to tiaar:h, and should have
been glad to are it taken up by hands more COW-
petent to do it justice Wheia this question was
snider discussion in both Houses of Parliament in
February lust, Mini in justifying themselves for
i not inteifering in the affairs of Naples, asserted
that there was no ground for opprehemliug itny.dan-
ger to this country, or to the liberties of foreign
states, from any views of ,aggrandizement on
the part of Russia mid Austria. The military
spirit and warlike attitude of Naples sod Pied-
mont at that time, were such as in some degree
to justify Mi•listers its their assurance that no
danger ou to be apprehended to the independence
of li:ay. But at present the whole of Naples,
Piedmont, and Genoa, were in the military occu-
pation of Austria, and yet they saw an immense
Russian military force advancing towards the south
of Europe. What could be the intention of march.
ing that army in that direction ? It might be said
it was pu i in motion to assist Anstria; but there
was no longer any resistance to Anatole. %Inn he
looked tit the insurrection in Greece—when he
considenkl the prereut disturbed state of Spain,
from which seeend persons of high respectilsility
boa In'en 'deported, and the Government had been
obliged to proclaim military law—when lie remem-
bered the ovotter in which the reenititions in Ole
Peninsula, and the Spanish Constitution, had been
spoken of by the Allied Potentates, lie could not
but feel alarm and opprelsenSion at the sight
t.f this vast array of military force, he timid
not but suspect its object to he hostile to the
new institutions. Ile culled triton the Nubile Lout
to my how he could justify mite non-interference
to prevent the triumphant establishment of despot-
lila throughout all Europe. Viewitig the preerut
pusitioss of the Russian nod Austran 'tunics, be
could nut help thinking that they had been suf-
teriel tidy:ince under the pretext of eeetnity, and

.~

.~_~

in duration bed been cohducted. It wus the same
principle which led t 6 the fitting out of a powerful
armament, which was kept on foot for fourteen
months in a time of peace, to enforce a demand of
reparation from the Spaniards, for their attack
''upon the iettkrs it Nootka Sound. it was the
V.
Janie. principle that caused Mr. Pitt, the polar
Titer of the present Administration, when the Km-
iswests Catharine threatened to seize upon Oczak-ow,
jem'itemsistnate upon the aggression, and to the
•yele 1791, Lord Grenville, Oro Srcretary for
roreie Alriar., in the House of Lords, ridiculed
the idea of any man asserting that this country
isms not i to what passed -on the
' 'del( 'itteremwd
• continent., e yontended, therefore, that it oats
the duty of the Noble Lord and hie colleagues to
interpbse on the present occasion ; it sass his duty !'
to celonnstrate against the encroskhdients of the
Allied Powers ; it was his duty to declare
-ogiulat their designs upon other rations. He
-44 net keener whether the Noble Lord would not
be justified--he did not know whether he ought
not, indeed, to ask for a vote of credit to en-
able hint t,, make preparations fur resisting their
atteffrpts. He did not know whether he ought not to
. dicker to Funice, that if a single Russian soldier
, ceeteiseal the French frontier to advance to Spain.
lie should cotiaer it as a declaration of war. He
did not knit* whether this Government ought not
-to form an alliance, offensive end defensive, with
'France aiciiiSpatin, and if the former 'Mould join
in any aggression upon the latter, with `Spain alone
to resist die attempts of the other Powers to sith-
jerente 'her. Were he in the situation of the
Noble tord, he would call upon Russia fur the •
fullest explanation of her intentions. and if he
were tint perfectly partisfieel of the absence of
any design of aggrandiseutent, lie would send
a fleet from the shores of this country into the
Baltic, uud declare all her ports to a state of
blelelcaile until he obtained the most esplirit
ivowal of her abated° ::::: ent of such hostile lidera-
tious. If such a course was deemed advisable
phi the occasion of a lbws' to seize upon an insig-
inficrut town in the furthest corner of Europe, on
the shores of the Black Sea. 041 the ground of its
effect upon the balance of power, how nitwit
more urgent was the necessity for prompt inter-
ference on an occasion like the prevent, when
the safety and indeper.dence of whole nations
, were tluvateered,tshrti immense armies were already
Ia motion, and when the delay of an hour on the
.part of the Noble Lord might render it tun late
for him to interfere with effect? But he was afraid
that the former policy of the Noble Lord was the
true secret of his . reluctance to stir on the pre-
matt occasion ; he was afraid that Russia and
. itusiiia were now acting only on a larger scale,
spool the same principles which were sanctioned by
the Noble Lord sad his colleagues at Vienna, in
.1814 and 1815; he was afraid those Powers might
retort upon the Noble Lord his owo proceedings,and
remind him of the trensfer of Norway, the a:mesa-
tion of Belgium, the partition of' Saxony, and all
those other sets of spoliation and distribution of
territory which he lied sanctioned, to which lie was
a patty. At the Treaty of Paris the Noble Lord let
slip a noble opportunity of taitsblislisiiN, on a tufty
basis, the character of this catenary. The Sove-
reigns of Europe had then just succeeded in the
final overthrow of a former gigantic despotism,
which would have defied and rendered abortive all
their efforts fur its destruction, had they not been
joiued by the ardent and trillium exertions of the
. iseople. there they had roused and excited into
activity by the promises of representative constito.
-Mons for almost every State ; promises, the perform.
once of which might have been made the basis of
•phat Treaty. But in what manner had those pry-
,laces been kept ? The promised cuitstitutioas
had not only beets withheld from tho subjects of
their own dominions, but they had iniptrsed urodill.
cations on some and rratr tenons on others in the
smaller States of Germany_; they had devoured
and overturned those of Naples and Piedmont,
and they stow looked with a thrtateuing aspect on
those of Spain and Portugal; and to any remon-
'trainee or interference on the part of the Noble Lord
they were ready to answer, " If you dare to inter-
rupt our proceedings, or to retnotistrate stilt us
on our conduct, we will shew year conduct its its
true light, sad we will declare to the world how
you have acted on the same principle of spoliation
and aggrandisement—ono pigmy and contemptible
scale it is true, hat still oil the same prineiple which
guides us in our larger operations." But the ;Air.-
cedes on which the Noble Lord hid becii acting
ever since the battle of Waterloo and the Treaty
'of Paris, were in direct opposition to liberty.
He had to apoloxise to the House for occupying
their time; he could assure them he should not tiAve
slime so, if he had not felt very strongly on the
qui-snow, lie li,ici supported the hate war, because
he thought the very exirdence of England was
threa•rited. and no man, with his humble •biline-,
used more exertions to -stimulate tire militury exer-
trete; of Ertgland. In 1811 be hurl taken the
liberty of calling the attesdirm of the House to the
state of our foreign affiirs, and then he endeavoured
to Arai that our Criltiee proceeded I• 01 from want,
but from the misapplication of our force.. He
•.lobeil these for the . of

had fallen from the Hon. Gentleman-. it was cmt
his inteiatuoto to follow thst Hnn. Gentleman at all
very great length, but should merely remark on
the form of the speech With which ht bad introduced
his motion. FJe thouglit it had been sufficiently
understood that parftrular days were allotted for the
estimate., and others for motions, but now that

Cs%Me is napeded_blibe motion of the Houourat►:te
Meaber, and it was reelly surprising that wheu the
House bad assemtitled to disease the Navy Estimates,
they should be called on to go over no narrower a
compass than the affairs of all Europe. Instead of
being ins Committee of Economy, he (the Marquis)
found himself in a state of accusation, which should

realty be relkisved up by impeachment for not
culling on the House for • still larger supply
to fit up • greet armament.—(Hear, hear, hear.)—
The Honuttribfe Gentleman must excuse hum
'file could, not eyed himself of the advice be
had given, which he was sure was giveu wit:,
the best intentions. Mail very salutary obser-
,eettone have been thrown out by the tionourabe
Gentletnan, which, with all doe respect for his po-
' sagacity, he must decline accepting—aud,
• .he really feared the Hon. Member did not see
affairs of Europe with sufficient clearness. But
54
if be (the Marquis) could take the liberty of sug-
gesting an advice, he would recommend the Hon.
Gentleman and his friends, with whom he was sm.
rounded, not to be hazarding any opinions on the
affsers of Europe. lie had heard a great deal,
some time back, about the affairs of Italy, bat he
cautiously abstained from giviog an opinion; aid
really that question was argued as if we were to in-
terfere to prevent Austria from destroying the An.
striae monarchy, by the course they were then pun.
suing ; and he hoped that Gentlemen on the op-
posite side, who wrie in the habit of employing
their thoughts on these subjects, would excuse him
for advising that they should employ their talents
in acme other manner, and change the course of
their operations—that they would direst their at.
tentaini to 'riddles. and not to things which at the
met are mere possibilities, and in a great many
instance* are impossibilities:—(Hear, hear. )
He should not presume to give an opinion as to
what may be the consequence of the proceedings
in Austria ; he was sure the House did not ex-
pect lions him the sr nit of plophecy. This he
coo ridered a most useless and unprofitable occupu.
Lion. lie shout(' therefore say nothing of the Aus.
men armies. But of the cause of putting there
armies in motion, he should say a word or two.—
A revolution occurred in Piedmont, of which they
had heard so many panegyrics (for lie could itext:
dignify by the name of liberty a military in-
surrection against their Sovereign). The first act a(
the new Government was to declare war against
Austria. That declaration came from the children
of liberty. The King applied to Austria to sop-
nott him, as King of Saitlinia, in the possession of
his ja.t rigida. Austria applied to Russia to assist
in putting down the revolutionary Government.
This was precisely the state of the case. But it
did not follow from this, that because the armies
were put in motion they were therefore te conti-
nue. The insurrectionary Government has ceased
to exist, principally through the exertions of the.
King of Sardinia, only partially by the assistant e
of Au-trisi, tor the Austrian army only appeared
upon the frontiers. This surely did not savour of a
disposition, as had been stated, of overrunning Eu.
rope. He, therefore, hoped the House would ex-
cuse him if be protested *Oust this mode of tin-
' peditig the important business of the House, for
he was sure they must see the complete absurdity
of squandering the public money in fitting out au
armament.—(Hear, hear.)—He was confident these
Powers had no purposes of aggrandisement, and
although he should always guard with a jealous eve
all their mono's'', still the clear and plain and venter
course for England was peace—(Hear, hear)—
and he remainued fixed in his fanner opinion, un-
altered by any circumstances that have voce
occurred, that the policy pursued by his Majesty's
Government was that which was most conducive to
the interests of this country ; fur any interference
would have been quite inconsistent with the souudest
pritiriples of wisdom. He did not mean to say that
circumstances may not arise, when a different
course should be pursued-, and he should be the
lost man who would fetter and bind up the hands
of Government ; but, on the whole, he must say
that he thought the motion of the Hon. Menthe*
was founded en a very imperfect notion of the
politics of Europe.
Sir Isaac COFFIN Slid a few words we could
not distinctly hear.
Sir R. Wieson said, it was his firm opinion,
that the Noble Marquis and his illustrious col-
leagues were so completely entangled with coati..
curate tyrants, that they could not pursue the pro-
per policy. even if they felt disposed.—(Hear.
hear-4-11e had no doubt the Noble Marquis had
seen with satisfaction the overthrow of the new
constitution of Naples, because it benefited
the people, mud because it was calculated tie
protect those rights which Spain was now su
determined to defend. The Noble Marquis had
thought fit to taunt them with the victory
of the Austrians. He (sir Robert Wilsou)
did nut mean to deny the difastrous calamity that
had occurred ; but still he saw no cause fur de-
pendency ; lie could see no reason for that abject
and cowardly despair. If there was cache for any
despair, it was of that manly and generous quality
that fired 'lieu's minds with noble sentiments, sou'
urged them on to action mid to arms.—(Heat.
—Doss the Noble Marquis forget the state of An..
tria I It he ignorant of her situation with respect to
the affairs of Greece? Under there circumstances
hr saw no reason for Austria to triumph, our for Eu-
rope /aye, and the people of England amongst them)
to despair. We have still all the materials for s
great war ; we have iiitiumerable multitudes, we

• - tr.
r '
'.- .
0"1" ' . ''• .:i. t '.
•.•i . . .
. .
dal.) Vilnain j isstire to Ministers my, that he conlil aiungy flolikitu
dielenuaudaillbcuoiuisftetiastioif tett% •by titer-
oo, be
,T•fhtor:onareoss t'Aeruyiecii4llll iosi
Ariw..ilie eitlrpi..o ...
. • ' '''Of ihn'itsaillis:Of troo ''
'Omit* air ;klit to dic:.
not vre how it was possible to 'doh them with safety
..44"!!' Mr. BARRAN i ••• • , 1.411.6.. k. • tate to all the nations tbe cositiii6t whist form
to the country. He was quite ready to vote for pay its debt., it would be bps to
any ?eduction, however trilling, if it could be proved and nett &ci/resit well as robOe p
mirlbe e is rests wera-W. ttor foretponent, and *hat sort- dr cliiiitilition they
to be justifiable; bat hevieweel with disgust the con- He contended itisimit the possibility of ' . the the weather memory. veal; did um tin Soo. Member tar eider thensas a knot of .klespOll, I.ited togrther
temptable tlelitaiellAeld out some nuns
.who, estahlislattitasAnd.otalutaiord that their -. now Ali" shays latiall... ....11a • • - lasertteiirfitiinpe. lie
---seittra-71.. -petty- 40111111ksieeessooftrii-nrussetred the reduced arrhost fullylolllt dilneitillohl-tWe-tititit II- reillaVillel--187_. -'
--
irilhaet° callirtudial, called Ipon As Noble Lord, he culled upon
. . , ... • = withr-hia4 hit let utmost the
en et fetch oc Ministers and the (Internment of jhja_Konotty
pelslic accounts, inid tools objections to 50 or lOW. ed by the Qorniptsston appointed by the other H .Ns,, -c --r time 9
. . at there w
Upon 'this or that_sufa_fri! objnred the project io _184.. He glowed that it WM bust fat/ that'll'. 1---- eimummaiLadise---awaai- indent tharrie4"446-47111"--WriftwIllrr --
I-dr. —ages—
. .. _d . •
--44.-sistlitet. sirilieddigl.lllrlMllo!aPprove of any FloissirstiFrire .fstry now prrtrert paaaane in whirh.the Hon. Idnahlaer blistlktnatieed all these tir preeets•-111e1110•Sedtd .olierclanting the balance of
ot.attempt to itheribe:Erimistetiosi. •Batt their bird. a oilsteittreetnit Yetleetitsta4( "del Aber tialtpsy, ..tintrereed In the West India trek to Wee who had Vimed power to 'E' the pit-Serration of iwbielt had
hips might Igo WIMPIIii 'WM he Oill.ei the standard meats-14u' the army, Nov,. *ail 'Ordifinee. Alrith !heir en tat In human 'eat: 10.awd sore that. on reikr' beenl tlie inttfortitipoliey .Of this country since the
ate oillsich they Imolai Hlosasedisteti - relieve the tliesdleasseei to the civil deftarthients of the shme time of William. ifl., and which was. the rinci.
.tenantry, and the tswomesiiiis of all !tenons who kind. ?bid cost above fir !Oben. iileogethei7 "6:%•!tetilite.".;:esitli,er's owe iottl ooutd cativiare blab of
:pie on whiCh the• last war Of a quarter of a century
It r);.Nsej. OE ItlilAr. exertion:ln °"erl
surprise that the Perini

I i
compared with ours--ein Americo, and nowt of the Mt. ZS s....esn in. sinjecien •iiiigether Its the principle ur freed
inipOging $ r
oltuoi give rartiiirageareot to the produce of one to utiiristser nutter the pretext of eect.ierit;v, sod . . mentioned these circumstances for the purpose of ;opt,. a
,i., , , it re- shewing that he was not a person to he easily alarmed,' hr only inisitton ley nature itnieregnshle. It would
countries of &erotic. He contended that the texts of preserving the peitc'e lot Eon re whi
swig utri _ tik soother, which was supposing to un- . . , . . necessary fur Spain to say like ancient
haul uolislug to do with the public distresses. He cu silty they girl beau put In mottoes for
octet's', burden on the consumer. purposes tif lie knew that the Powers on the Continent until.' Home, " Out country is • ' in danger," and she
load advised the measure of 1819. twosome I.e Mr. H. G. BENNETT trolled to kt. nnw why wee shilithic terrine oil • g grundisetuent. What pretence could do no helm by destil•or attacks ;it wits
y when thine will find thoimunds rushing forward to Resist her.
thought the country should Wive a stoking fund 4 more should he paid for Boer from liar West Indies item it lie set up of the necessity of their march far i .
; lite strength wee combined their enmity became for- mei I
e.y because she if llllllrellieli. 11111/.1 all MIIIIIIIited
ii ' —lf that measure were well lontatted, it fol- could be 'mooted for GOIIIII other parts. He was fen, die- ce ity Of tl ul' . ? Tldebit.. He should conclude .by moving, es ee w ill) the glorious spirit of protect's% the Itherties et
1 lowed that whatever was to I), do.* imams pus. posed to glee terry hoseresiiireit proteelion to the West India 47.11 ~ler- in Rubvisr. licuromb nenv trausal7e could
. 'e 1° ''''
cte; win the
h south
d amendment. that !mired of going . into a Coin- nionkisact, If thr Gteeks should prove throws:lves
pose should be close at ones., mid Ws. coustfy , til"lersi bait what he claimed wasp that the tousioimer
ehtmid of kaiser e•to A itoisiu thYere could iii. nottee on the Now)? Estimative. " They should worthy of freedom, it sill! be a novelty in their elm-
be left alone. Supposing a sinkingtslitiod so be ~,6`,„%lP,,Ptihitids wpitike7l7 "7.1„,"m",11",j, "tithe, ehr,7"lher."c ' r 'ter to be fenced. uarnely, thatwhich)e
but
° e al
Yinoperative as to reducing the date, , still thete 'thither mach:sis, :-.lei,r4l7.thego,ineegrualliul.ltr ups- clitirtle; hilt by d,II 444 •ots tiomYt.liesel I waeorwelliniY resolve themselves lute a Cesemlttee of ;Ise whole racier; still tilt men must rejoice at seeing such All
N ,I
s___os
or
ent.o.v_
,i_ _
and
be
rapid
oat
csissara.
sisal
she
He
.4 .
.. 1
with
...vs Peeirest liberty._ Hood.. to consider the sultaiof the nation as af- improvement iii so interesting a people. %VIII'
/ should be one kept up for exigencies which sight- •
• ~, rim rr; ' 't OVI ,to speak all tse tof . feeling Europeanpolities." ii," .•
occur, and require a sudden enlargement of the • OtOrie of dos cotriorry should be weed in order to melt the .. .. .. 1 .. rev.- e.. , regard to the motion of Ws Hon. Friend, lie Wag
. UM x0;4460110 as ow, as. the Mars, of &Intent '4lr II • Wr
. .. • LION seconded Otkiiitiendinesit.
forces of the Country. He declared against nor •I /1"41" °l' • tot •taira who .bee eimmeete met OR& ospitel • • • _ :.sure lie had no disposition to provoke hostilitit6.
in the trade of human 11..11 .n.i i, j.1.,,u.,•,,,in - • jp•P mit,cops ofi, modem here; but lli ; e . Marquis _of LaiteaßisoutaT said be bad he was eetneted like himself with a disposition to
breach of faith with tie public creditor, at. ariust -' - " .! gra ft**; - ' • alight.
Mr. CORDON •upportuj ,wilenimadverted, It Oftist 11sokithelisstor Imudryds listemed .with pas ' •
snomm .and' te iot -oliat . preserve the independence of Englend ; far kit
• • • c.- . •rbo - • •• - . .
/:pasta- .tivi .nt loan vdt lo Phigligli 41. .,
~.44,.. x ,
~,Tr
,e
.1. ,!; W.! .hr Iv w.i ,we 1;51,3.2 I.fartocis: wed I w,rta ,s,ta 4* sd hl/100 WV. 7.• • , 1. .2, , •.. .
~ ,-.,i_, i. ~ . 33,..,,, I
4.... , i
_ .
. . .........,_
. .
