WESTMINSTER ELECTION.

Mr. BIDDULPH rose and stated, that he had to
present to the House a Peti•ioa on the part of es
Electors of ‘Yestrainster. residing in St. Marts
Le Grand, complaining of a breadi of privilege.
On the motion being put. that the Petition be
brought up, it was agreed to; and ordered to se
mad by the Clerk at the Table.—lt was to the fol-
lowing effect :

T. Ur; C... wow of the Unitcd Parfa.oent of Giant Di.
Wu' and Ireland, in Pariwucut ...14101.1, the hontiile
Petition of the unden.gne,l Ele!toti of We.tinirimef,
lithahinnitt el the 9...:11 nt St Martin's La Grand, in the
Liberty and City of Westopio•ter t

S;wereth, That having learnt that they bad itesharged
the order for taking into 4.-onaklehnion the Petsion el
James Paull, Esq. complaining of the return of Richnd
lininley Sheridan, as • Member for Westininstee, nil
appointed at for Tuesday. the 24th Day of Apoknest,
whereby your Petitioners are disfranclosed, and are Aepre-
vented in Parliament : your retotione.a beg leave to stale,, that
rinse of their Representatives, Sir &norm! Hood, is atrunt
abroad, and that the said Richard ktrinsley has beer
charged with having procured • coma:alit, r, amotv of bad and
illegal votes upon the pull, which your l'etliniiers believe to
he true ; end that James PAW:. k. q Is ilo-o fi.re the only
Representative of Weraminstet, bur liar been Rralea:alf fen
taking his seat. That ilia postpenr*.mt ca. teNri UlrariCons.l
by the read Mr. Shedd 0,, with a s:cw, new to forth'', but la
delay the ends of priblie justice, and to injure and deprive your
Petitioners of their rights. These assertions your Petitiooed
wish to prove at the Mar of the !louse, before a Committee
Privileges. Awl further, that the sand R. H titivrotan, m dir
filile• of all decorum, directly tanyered with witnesses sum-
moned la try the merits of this Eleetioa ; and by his sentine,
agents, and partiLgua, has endeavoimal to hinder theo
so summoned, from coming forward to give their evilleixr,uo.
less they consent to give a late evidence before raid Cara inater.
That your Petitioners will tender proof to the Home, as to oat
particular persons sa tampered with ; and al a give the names 0.1
the persons who have been eral.:aroiiii..g w offer Mi 10,...), pis-
mires, aind inlinente. Your Poitinneer, therefore, It nerd
and resist, that, it:cording In toe siandling Orders arid gas.
Introits of 'he flor.se, whit,' fleeter.- sudi courtier so be a
high Crime and blisdeinimnortf, the House will proceed, 'rim
the utmost seventy, against the said Richard Brumley She,-
den, and all other pelvic, who have been such offeiide
Your likArtiollers Way. that your Honourable House wit ar
point au 'Ay day lot the invei igetion of this honorer, ie
which not golly the Rights rat tete Caliente of Westinioter
ere materially interested, but the romaine and d.goiry of ins
House are involved. Your regional. pray, that th.v
may br beard, mine, by themselves or by their C mind, ai
your Ulf, la support el thee: allegations.

• --
Mr. BIRDULPI4 than rose, and stated, that tLi.
Petition had been put invt hi, hands this ddy, on Co
way to the House, and although he could not VI
himself peiso tally responsible for the matter cu.,-
tained in it, yet he did nut chink it wouid have b,,n
consonant with his duty to rouse pre,enting it. I!!
should thetefiire move, Lli: Lid belOre
Commence of r/ivileAcs."
This Motion was seconded by Mr. SHERIDAN
himself
Lord HOWICK steel, that although he could
not think the Huo. Member personally responsini:
for the allegations of this Petition, yet he presumed.
that a Member of Parliament ought not to roc"
a Petition, couched in such terms that he could rot
VC;;llite to say he could prove it. The Honour:ll..
G:nticman was undoubtedly responsible, so fir
to see that the Petition was conceived in propar and
recite :11n: tetras. He did not wish to enter iota the
p.uticulars of this Petition. for he thonAbt that the
house ought, on al rccasions, to open its &tat
wide to the Petitions of the People, and theretore
he was not di.po.ed to quarrel with any little irre•
gulitritim in the present cne ; but if there should Air
pe.ir en be a studied intention to use language fur t,ie
purpose of insulting the H use, he did arprehent:
th it it would ill consult is own dignity, if it did n
severely animadvert upon any suca Petitinn, comirg
even under such a 'station. the Petition, he,thlught,
li-zan in a very tumuli .1 manner, by complain.

../• •

it
s:

be
ea
co

jeSi
It

• ASS(

be
true

jutti
Ordi
in re
i:n

sieec:
dtarm

that
•i rum

Trj ~..1

- .
lege ,
WAS 11
decisi
Gentl
what
the su
:were
wt.ich

LHov.
►NR:e I
speo t
tL.
detnni
He cot
wept c

1

s
0 be
ful•

I 34
Noble
user.
▪ dm

arr.'
, 1

rill •r
is
11:01
at VI,/

It WI.
*elm
bcq
I' cu.,

fore

DAN

tour

•

t

ink of a Former vote of the House ; and afierettanis
s:ating, that the Petitiowirs were disfranchised, and
tint eerson of :heir choicei..vas thereby prevented
from !elk a his seat,. Such statement:, he appre-
hended, caul f not be maintained, aft:r the House
had already r ‘orerted their mode of procedure upon
the original Petition. The delay complained of was
originally agreed to, with a view to the fair under-
standing of the several alLigations of that Petition.
It was first postponed. not upon the allegation of his
Right Hon. Friend, hut upon the application of the
Petitioner hini, lf, who stated, that he could not be
ready with his evidence. The second postponement
ha Seen owing In its heing deemed inconvenient to
consider it +mon the day formerly appointed, on ac-
count r.l the Circuits preventing the Counsel from
attending upon that day. Such were the grounds
uyiu which the Huse had con,ented to the delay,
and not for the purpose of depriving any persons of
their rights of voting. He thoeght also, that there
were some suhsequent terms in that Petition, which
rendered it iruprop, for the House to listen to it.
When he found Petitioners coming forwards and
saying that they insisted and dc'aaided that the
Rinse should proceed with severity against these
whom they were pleased to denominate offenders,
before an invescigat on of the caw tack place, or
Counsel were heard, he could not think that such a
consist& entitled their Petition to be listened to. He

could not acquit the lion. Member of responsibility
in having presented it. It was not his intention to
prnnos: any proceeding upon the subjett, without
having further intertto•rion ; hut he !wood that in
wli..• • ver way the House should determine to m-
ete', tire delinquents on either side (if Any) would
be made to leel rignious censure. The Hon. Mem-
ber wit. had presented this Petition, had a much
greater duty to perform than he was aware of, an.:
was bound in delved the Petition which he presented.
M-. C. W. W. WYNNTA ttionght that the louse
would be cometomi‘ing its own dignity, if it allowed
such a Peiton rii be referred.
Earl PEN itLE ,eisere•d, that however much
di. ...sal the House might be, upon all occasions, to
receive Petitirits, yet they had a right to demand.
in: • • tee other hand, that the language of such
Pe,itir!.‘ sh ull he decornue. and such as was h:-
covnt
g its digni-y. He did not conceive .t se add
he re •cier to refer such a Petition to a Commitee, till
such tine as it was stated in proper terms.
Mr VULLER having taken up the Petition in
questi• . and examined it. rose. with seemingly
teat indignation. and said. that ha saw enough of
•r, when i.e found in it tee words **demand" and
•• (Here the I ion.Memher threw the l'eition
.rt him, upon the floor, with great violence. to the
astonishment of all present). t• If they are (can-
tieried he) to petition this House, let these Elednis
Westminster Come up with submission. and nut
insorh itml degrade this House of Commons."
Mr. 14HITEREA1) submitted that it would be
there prudent for ti-e Hon. Gentlemanwho brought
forward the Petition to withdraw it, and amen
the style of it, by making the Petitioner express
themselves with moderation and decotum. He Ap-
prehended that the Howe was not in the custom of
bearing Petitions, vroieh were dire fly against their
own decisions. The evreis drwand and hoist were
not surely derorotts in that House; but, at Ole same
time, the error wit not such as to make him re.
jeSI lisseaUsg to thy Petition when properly crotched
It was improper to crave an all upon a bare
•asscrtion, wiieout any prof, or to demo, d any pro-
ceeding against a Member. before any Allegation lad
been proved against him. if them allegations were
true. they ought to be proved ; and therefore the
Petitioners could have no objection to present a
Petition couched in proper and respeCtful termr. If
they did not do so, it would only shoe that they
hadi some other object in vice,. The Petition now
presented ought, therefore, to he withdrawn it pos.
Bible ; and, if not, he would °hie& it on :recount
of irs prayer. There cralld be nothing ohjeetionahle
to this proposal, in point of time, because it might
le brought forward upon Monday.
Mr. EIDDULPH stated, that the way in which
the Noble Lord had expresse i himself, would make
Lim (Mr. B.) extremely delicate in regard to the
part he should aCt upon this occasion. The Peti-
tion was presented to bins as being an Eleetor of
Westminster. He conceived it his duty, no dock.
to examine the matter contained in it. but having no
other opportunity, he merely looked at it in one of
the. Comm tee-rooms, and stated the stefft of it
to several Members, who all assured him, that there
was nothing so improper in it. as to prevent him. trorn
presenting it to the House. With regard to the ex-
used, as to the decision of the House. he
believed they had been occasioned by the manner the
Petitioners' minds were a:lifted. and ant from ar.y
di.respeCt; as to the sub:event part of the Petition,
where tney nse the words. " insist and de-
mand," he thought it had been taken up in a
very extraordinary and hasty war, by those H .•
nourAhie Gentlemen who had ohjeded to it. lie
should be to know. why it ought to he called
improper ? What is it they demand ? They
demand not that summary justice should be
executed, hut that atter the decision of the House,
justice shall follow. in consequence of the standing
Order of the Howe. He must acknowledge, that
to read:rig that Petitirre at first, it did not import to
irn such ideas as had been taken up, and he still per-
sisted in thiating, that the expiession of Orrin and
was not improper upon such an occasion.
Mr. MON ('AGUE felt extremely desirons
that the Hon. Member wnnl.4 relieve the I! ruse
-rum the ungracious necessity of being obliged to
vej,B the petition. It was true that the right of
asititioning was an inestimable and s steed privi-
lege with the people of the country, but the Howe
was not less bound to defend its own condeCt and
decisions with a corresponding dignity. The Hon.
Gentleman could feel no difficulty in yielding to
what appeared the general feeling of the lime on
the subjeet. He had declared be was by no means
interested in the issue. The warm exp•etsions
which had fallen from the Noble Lord opposite
(Howickj might for a moment operate with the
Istmlier to persevere in his motion ; at the
saera• time he must admit that the exptesoions were
not Calmer than the ease warranted. With cc.
speel to the consttutlion which the Hon. Mover
tbnught Fiver to pot on the terms t• hunt and
demasid." lie could 1.,y no meats subset ihe to it. I
He could not see teat the applicition of such terms
went only to the natural consequences, or that the

retiti.)n•rs were iaddced to rile them as truisms
which the conduit of the Home jii,tified. Tr.ey,
in no degree, resembled such prorosi!ions is
arithmetic, as that two and two make U.ur, or
that proposition in Euclid, that tho three a n;it-i
of a triangle are equal to two right aligl s--
On the contrary, their immediate meaning was far
removed Irons the nature of such proposition;, and
could only be considered as disrespeSful to the
character or the House. He put it again and
again to the 11,m. Mover to withdraw the Petition,
assuring him that it was more noble, none dignified,
And more consistent with true magnanimay, to
pause before he drove the House to the only
alternative left, namely, that of tejet!tiag the
Petition.

General VYSE observed, that whatever opinion
may be formed by the House, as to the nature of
the Petition, or however precipitate and ceosurAble
the Hon. Gentleman, who presented it, may
ap-
pear, he still could not admit his pewsr to with-
draw the Petition. It was a trust confided ei him
by a number el the Elefinrs of the city of West-
minster, and he really conli not see how the Hon.
Mover, when he presented it to the I louse, could at
all exercise his discretion.
The Hon. Mr. LY'fTLETON contended, that
the reference made by the Petitioners to a former
docision of the House, was in :thigh degree ids o-
per. The impropi iety was not alone limited to the
tone, het was eetually to be found in the words of
the Pei:ion a.eigether ; the manner of addressing
the House was far from being decent, and no
body of ennui. (lents had a right to insult, through
the Haus_ of Commons, the greet culleflive body.
which that House represented.
The Hon. . reelß said, he was one of those
individuals, to whose the Hon. Member had sees-
meted the perusal of this Petition. From the view
of it, which he had taken, he was by no :means pre-
pared to have heard his hasty opinion made a
z•nund for preseuting it to the House. But he
would still never sh:nsk from supporting in public.
that opinion, weich, under the circumstance of the
case, he was in private ~onversatiun induced to
give. He n reeeetsd what he then said, t •at the
Petitien• in his °pigeon, contained nothing offensive
to the charaslet an I dignity of the Hots, • ; and most
particularly in Mersin,: to a subject, which that
House, in itsjuti.cielespacits was called noon to in-
vestigate. The Petition on'y iCSISSCU upon th- justice,
which, in outs appropriate.) for shat put:rest., the
claimer): his a rig.3t to demean f.
Mr. S lERIDAN—" Mr. 'meeker, an Honaute
able Geelemaii at the other sees of the H use,
(General Vy,e) has strenuously recommended test
we should divest our minds of all 3 tags of reseo-
ment in tone tering this subjeet. . - sseure you,
Sir, that to cherish such feeling . • • r cce sisteut
with my habits of life, as it is etefseily foteig• Iran
my nature and disposition. A. the s.ms time. I
cannot abstain from declaring, that when I sous der
the ties cf friendship which have ret:sted netwe n
the Hon. Mover and myself, when I xecelleet that
I have participated in his hospitality. and Jett we
lived on terms of mutual intimacy, he at least
might have condes:eneed to apprize me t f his
intention to present this petition. It was coadult
which I had a right to exped from his politeness,
his sesesriselity. indeed I, um hts saltness. But,
Rite I am tint di-ciiiiraged Mom befog kept in ig-
norance of the intention, nor upon this case. any
more than on tl,e petition presented by the Nohle
Lord (Folkestone), who, under the influence eithei
et his wishes or his duties, has interested himself in
this husinc,o, do I call tor delay; on the contrary,
every po.sible expedition in investigating the merits
of this tran.aetion, has, on every occasion. been my
peculiar desire. With respeit to the language of
the Petition, I think, from the tenour of my par-
liamentary life, I can claim the credit of being the
last man in this Heese who would oppose a Peti-
tion coming from the British people, for any inad-
vertence ageing either from heat or hurry. From
this feeling it was, that I seconded the motion for
referring this Petition to a Committee of Privileges.
But I still must express to the House my full con-
viction, that thisPeution was drawn up in those par-
ticular terms, for the purpose of offending this
House, and ccmsequensly to excite its resentment.
What does it convey, either in its spirit or in its lan-
guage? Not that th*Petitiooers insist on ju cite
trona this Horse;—not that they pray for the inter-
ference of this lipase to preserve their elective
rights. But they insist and demand, that the
House of Commons will support its own privileges
—that it will have the spuit, and possess the vigi-
lance, of guarding its own rights from intringemeet,
and its own dignity from insult. Is this. I ask, a
decent lesson to give the House, with respeet to its
deities and its feelings? if the Petition be unfit for
this House to receive, how can it, I ask, degrade
its own char:tiler by any compromise? oieconsistents
ly with its feelings, bow and beg thatthe Hon. Gent.
may be induced to withdraw that Petition, which
should never have been presented ?
't Whet is the difficulty in the case ? None. The
House has neither to admit the principle laid down
in the Petition; nor to assert its own privileges.
Then let us decide upon the one or the other ; hut
it is beneath the character of this House to lower
itself, by coaxing art Honourable Member to with-
draw that eshich a ii the general opinion ought ne-
ver to have been received. For my own part, I
am anxious that it should undergo Cie fullest and
most immediate consideration. I am anxious that
the whole of my conseel, during the progress of
the Westminster Contest, until this hour, should be
accurately and impartially investigated. For what
has happened, I, from the first moment, prepared
nsyseP, determined to encounter all that libel, Ca.
lueiny, malice, and perjury. could. or can °EDO."
Mr. ROBINSON thought that every member
who read the Petition must acknowledge that it
contained language highly improper. The Peti-
tioners complained of their being disfranchised, and
the two reasons upon which they grounded that opi-
nion, were truly extraordinary. The first was,
that one of their representatives was engaged in the
service of his King and Country, and could not
attend :o his dunes as a Senator. This circum-
stance, it it constituted either disqualification or dis-
franchisement, was well known to them at the time
they Heeled him for Westminster. The other rea-
son was, that in consequence of the decision of this
House, their legal representative was prevented
Isom immediately taking his plate is this House.

Z-r 3

. •
If this could be censidered as a eau'e of disfran-
chisement, it most certainly existed, i.-fetiotis to the
decision of she House, which enlarged ti relied
for takii,g 'bet return icte clietsider rtion. Under
the int ss 'he had, he' should conceive it
Lis duty to vote let the reje.ftien of the Petition,
unless it was withdrawn.
Mr. ADAM submitted to the judgment of the
whether the present Petition did not require
altre•atio, ? It wes•universally admitted, that the
right of petitioning was tettainly inherent in the
Constitutina, but
.it v.-as equally a matter of faa,
and generally understood, that the m-mh.r should
attentively consider, sad be responsible for the
ellegahons of the Petitions which he shoul.# I
think it his duty to present. The first goer j
tion was, Whether the present Pat Hon s eanld
be refer-ed to a Committee of Privileges? In j
the mean time, another (omits° has ari..'a, I
with re.pest to certain indecorous terms insert- I
ed is it. Hie opposition was not to the solo-
:dance or mode, with an intenti m of refusing its
prayer, but was solely dire led against the lan-
guage which it breathed, as being incensistent with
the dignity and forms of the House. It happmied
to himself, in his former Parliamentary exertioes.
to have pier:tided a Petition:, not compatiile with
the usages of Parliament, but hie had the usual
remedy in such eases, he Lad to alter the improper
part, and the antidote appeared .on the Journals of
the House. It the &aka was to obtain full and
osihtarsti4l juriee, be 'recommended to the H..n.
Gentleman to withdraw is for the purpo:e ef alter-
ation, pledging himself to • bring it forw.ed on a
fu;urr OrCiilloll. fly inch conduit the dignity of the
mouse, the right of Petition; and the privileges of
:At peolfle, were each respedively preserved.
Mr. fiIIiDULVH declared himself unwiUing to
trespass on the time of the House, but he found
himself called upon to reply to some observation
which had fallen horn Hon. Gentlemen at the other
side. He could assure •ne Hon. Member. (Mr.
Lamb), that he had not the remotest ides of an im-
proper allusion to him, is,. did he make any in-
correct use of the authwrity of his name. The Right
Hon. Gentleman opposite (Mr. Sheridan), had
charged him, in a wiy more or less gentlemanly. of
a we t of frankness, in not communicating hi, in-
ten:: in with respect to this Petition. On this point
he could only say, that the necessity never 04st/A
o him • Was it a new CJS,, and had it not been
oeeintisly brought before the House, he certainly
.vouti Mere apprised the Right Hon. Gentleman.
iespe& to the Petition itself, he slisuld con-
sider himself a very bed advocate, were he to per. I
s-very is eressi!.g it, contrary twthe general feeling I
of the H•suse ; bin he may be allowed to state his
opinion, that it was the strong :region of unlet-
tered earn, wiiheut any view of insulting the dig-
nity
of that House, or trenching on its ptivileges.
l'o such a class of men, he conceived it his duty
to give every facility of laying the statement of their
;vice owes before the legislature. He should now
move to withdraw if the Right Hon. Gentleman
wtio seconded the former motion was inclined to
coincide.
Mr. SI-IF RIDAN said, he was forted to yield
his C9IIICTII. more to comply with the wish of 61. ,
House. :ban any incliner:on of his own.
SLAVE TRADE.
On the order of t'.e day being read for the noose
resolving itself into a Conimittee on the Slave Trade
Abolition Bill,
Sir CHARLES POLE declared himself sn im-
pressed with the impolicy of the Abolition, that he
was indliceds in every stage, to thwart a Bill, ruin-
ous to the colonies and to the cc •nmerce of the
country ; a measure which will put into :be hands
of the enemy, objet, on which he had so
stedfastly hr ..o ais attenuon,ans.i t).. want of which,
in a greet degree, restrained the er•.,:reess of his
arms, and prevented the a:complishruenQ cf..'lose
menaces, with which he had so long threatens . •
Empire. It was a great sacrifice to risk =v.:h. ..!
of the British exports, or imports to a large anionnt,
independent of the employment given to inch
a number of seamen, as are aonnelly engaged in the
trade with Africa. He wished not to delay the
House, but he strenuously recommended a pro-
longation of the time when the Bill should begin to
operate, and a total change of the preamble of the
Bill.

Mr. C W. WI LLIA MS W YNNE said, he was a
friend, from the fullest convietion, to the meAsure of
abolition. He was influ.•nceJ, not from popular
clamour, but public duty. 1.11! discussio tor twenty
years, had completely proved the policy of its
adoption.
Mr. HUGHAN row, for the first time in a pub-
lic assembly, to state hts opinion nn t:tis s•thjeEl ; an
opinion which had the benefit of ten years expe-
rience in the colonies. He c.•ntende4, that the
questioa assumed a nrw shape within the few last
)ears, in consequence of a variety of events. such
as the insuirellion in Grenada. the Carib and Ma-
roon ware, and, above all, the revolution in tit. Do-
mingo. He did not conceive the present Bill would
be at all praakable; on the contrary, he feared,
the situation of the Negro, at present happy and
contented, would be changed much to his disad-
vantage, and at the expence of colonial low and
ruin.

Mr. BROWNE (Member fot Heyslon), entered
into a long and able orpiment, against the prin-
ciples of the measoert and although be did think
the Slave Trade contrary to humanity, yet. as the
Abolition of it must involve the interests of many
thousands of individuals, be thought it should nct
be suddenly put a stop to, upon natives of public
policy, and for the safety of our Writ India pos-
sessions. He then adverted to the pro tiers among
the Negroes themselves, in their own cottony, and
referred to Mr. Muni, Park's Arromid gl the bar-
rio, (7. r /rhea, from which he contended, that an
Abolition of Slavery there was hopeless, it being
heredmiry. This country only enjoyed absut mist-
fifth of the African trade, and were we to relin.
quish it, otlwr countries would carry it on, to a
greater extent than ever the only way, therefore,
in which this great principle could be carried into
'Get, would be to impress other nations of Europe
with a concurrent opinion upon this trade, and to
induce a sincerity of feeling upon these points.—
'lhe injuries arising to property in that country
would be immense; and the consequences likely to
result from the measure might arise from a sudden
paroxysm of dibcooteat, and lead to all the rerolu-

denary horrors which Earope and tbi WOO(' !,-0.
experienced for some year.. past. He corchtd it -4
very eloquent and...ime-essive spec. h, by s seihki
that, in his opinion, der Sill war incenipcter• . zh
Object t it profereid to ageomp'i.b, and these-ore met
with his 'tecid d disapOv .bation.
l'‘'
Mr. BAR.HAM etre red into an ext.i.p.s ion
of the Planirr in the West l•wees. Yr. •ri rhe
charge of cruelty •to tee Siaves, ant quoted
several instances of kindiiess and litigianny ors
•the pat of the Over,ter, tr) A Ardsc,t- Sisves, and '
the gratitude of the latter in neut.,. He corst.Jer.
ad, that in nnarr to premor. am •,•ies..4l c;v:Pan-
tion and religion am .ng • the Neer -4; it aid he
necessary to educate them, and to ac•.r.rnpli.ir t' tj
it would be necessary to gwe them .note libel', a
this, however. woul ! b. a ,I 411)0111U! exp •rimerta
and he Was at tt tots •• :ay, w•-at villk I. '•)e he best
mode to remedy the evil. After corne furt'•ei cbe
serve•ions. the Hononeabie Memlwe cone .1 by
expressing himself a siik cr. 1:1 .d este 5
Bill, ....r the same rime that he thou neces.ary
to entree) many of those errors had gone
abroad vitt, nine& to the -.! . Negroes
in the West Ind. s. He thong t . k was now
noel), performed, and as this cocky had deter-
mined to Atvali.h the Stave T•a te, .t m•..t n the
end be et titian, abolished by all nations.
Mr. COURTENAY, after adverting to the opi-
nions of Mr. Pitt and lir. Ilse upon * awiret.
who, though on almost every otWolitisa: que.tioa
wrest so miens, to each other, yere Suited alma
this. and having passed a most eloquent and well.
deserved eulogitur, upon the persever :nee kr,. m.o.
rive. i.f the original Mover of this question, (Mr.
Whberiorce), he concluded by giving hit mo.• an-
qualified concurrence to electorate. which . ; con.
sidered as .setting a glorious example to alt the na.
dons in the world.
Sir R A I.Pii MI I. E ANKE made slew Auer WA.
dons stro•a„ly in favuur of t• rne..ert
Mr•-. hlf..htiTAGUI!.. it., spcei_lt oi censiderahle
length, supported the measure in tVIL carmen
tbanoer ~. he took a general view of thin:Foments
against*: and, in adverti..g to the tieee.l: of .6
Him. Friend (Mr. Ifibbert), he begged ;bat ikon.
Friend to cortestler w: at would be his kilo s, were
he to be taken from the civic banqu.t, he eh-
joyed ell the luxuries of Ilf .• , 4n4: 1 piny into a
state of slavery and bondage I wOuldiste. M a'hP/1
entertr.n the s.ore aendieents upon this 'iertit. 'flak
he now urged againstiffle insasurtel., idailth,
be G-...lgratulkued the, House up 71 :Fe .! a.m..
plishment of die MOO .'ernr.:', le ot•jed, and ex -
5,
piessitl his warmest. Opt.-.. ' cilil of tfic oitfit • -...
Mr HIDREitT. in ts :v to his iiiiip. frtt.•• I,
o'oserved. tlat hr wasolow is Ltte„vereaft Auer' 'ha
had tlescrieed. He war. EP ' s ..: 0 liv-- r rtetli`e-ss
n.an of the city 'of 1 ii•tf,Y.—; I'4' b.. tf: her :., 1-
queued upon the luturem ref ale brie 11.-Atit. at
bore the burden of a :1,v4 ; tsar ht hadessis,• I, el
all his pr perty in our %%era lattia Corcutiesikihe fe'•':.
the shackles of the Shire iii;.itrisl Vizi; asihe • u
longer tejoyed teat freedottt use wae'bitilete !.cc-
seared of. Alter some geueral tbitevvisfsids, he
concluded by exiiret.ing hi. decided po.iirs...6 tn.
the measore is its present shape.
LT . ,
Mr. hATHRSI. t.hjetited to the Age of' del
ts
P.M, as well as the con-. critnces which wctilti xii..e
avoidably remelt Itsrin passing tt fate arhillP Tie re-
commen•led a gradual dectea'.e.
Mr. MONTAGUE w•stred to er:ulpitte hintseit
from the charge brought against him by ibe ties.
Gentleman (Mr. Bathurst). of hav•vg implica ed
the late Adminishaticn of his Noble Relative in the
deft:: of this Bill on a former nccasmn.
Mr. JACOB agreed in tire justice and expetliiihty
of the abolition of the trade.

Mr. Secrete: y NVINDIIAM stated, that he h•d
hitherto remained silent, bo'h Imam:: he per -d
many Gentlemen extremely,. anxious to J. r
their sentiments, and was also aware t7t4tre woutd
be another npportunity, no receiving the ',pun .1
the Committee, fo•r Gendemen to deliver their Anti-
meats no the aa:ure and tent.lency of t!• • dill. He
found it, however, his .iuty to declare, titat thLugh
he had such an utter abhorrence of slat•esy in-every
form, yet when such scions eonsequer:es as u•e•
mentioned by the supp•.rtrn of the trade could i s-
sibly be apprehended from thus speedily atttetii•t•mg
it, he should feel himself iniperiuusly called t t. 4
examine and investigate whether these cense.
quences, might not eventually ii.jure the eau,. of
humanity and justice, wt tcb they vete treat.' to
support, at least it would be it,, duty, he felt, to
pause before Le could decide on the expediency of
a measure, to which be could not hell- s..yi.•g he
saw at present some very ju.t grounds id of j. Eton.
Mr. WHITBREAD was extremely sorry to
hear svbiit had fallen from the enlightened Secre-
tary ; after the business had been already so amply-
investigated, hr was surprised to find his Right
Hon. Friend could entertain any doubts of its ex-
pediency and justice. An Hon. Gentleman, in the
c.iurse of the debate, had 'aid. the House had been
hurried away by the eloquence of the Natl. Lord,
into a fit of indiscieet humanity ; be had only to
lament, the House had treated the suhje. With t.-ma
much coldness, and calculated the pr -Isable advan—..s'
tages and disadvantages of t:•e measure, -ith tar
mercantile accuracy. Use had'
were called to sacrifice either liritis'a put
can blood. Yet even this was not the
great Statesman, Mr. Pitt, had p: cued '
'inn of the nation, that we should b•
ers by the total abolitionist. the Trade.
said, that other nations still continued ,
'frade, and therefore it would be extremes
li•ic in us to abolish it ; to as then a.as
the glory of setting the brightest examete
temded humanity. tie concluded with
lating the original Author et the n•easor
prospect of seeing his humane intention so
tulfilled.

Some explanation then took rlare.
BATHURST and Mr. FL LLlat.
Lord HOWILK then propnsed,
should go into Committee, pre
blanks should he titled up. that the
then printed, and be re-committed on
nest.
This proposition was then put end
the lion.e a eat into a Committee aceori
The other Otters of the Day scene
ported u Bitnntlay next.
At MU 01.:LO.:E. he House adj,urned
Monday.

ere, with mee
forgotten 'Ley
profit, or Afii.
e ease. for tl;At
to the eatidar
Itiznatellgosir-
I. It hom
wed the Skirt
;tremely impb.
t: as terpc:lo
tm:•te of
rich cnorrarm.
:2SUrc vr.th the •
1:ion so nearly
between Mt.
that the Fill
r, in which the
&II should be
on Wednestli,
d tarried, and
:oranply.
.ere then post-
adj,ernetl ti 1
/
