cd, ltd having paid separate heriots, the some misrelate could
erainsed even from a tenant in whom the direftifttlifeee had become
vested. On the other hand, the defendant admitted that. the Lord
of the Manor should be restored to the same state and to the pos.
session of the same rights which he held when the estate's*
originally roared. The came was twin argued, and—
be Loan Cuter JUSTICE now delivered the opinion of the
Court. His Lordship, after stating the faits, observed, that the
judgment of the Court was that in this ease a verdict for only
tiro heriots shoidd be entered. The lord of the Manor had rt.
,mived from the heirs of the different tenants when the estate wet
divided a heriot on the death of each; that had arisen from the
necessity of the ease, as nay tenant had an belr who was bound to
pay a halm to the lined of the Manor for the protection of his in.
terest and his admission to the estate of his ancestors, That neces-
sity having now ceased. the right which had arisen open it must
, cease air. The Lord of a Manor was origladly the proprietor not
only of the estate of his tenant, bat In sone eases ens of his life.
Seeh Nas not the can at the present day • but the change had not
been effected by those statutes to whkh knithsbnien referred with
pleasure ; it was (as he declared with pride and hitistaetion) brought
about by the Judges of Westminster Mall, who by their &Thine
had i.sised a numerous body of Englishmen from a state of slavery,
and hail created a valuable species of riven/ by conflning to known
limits the right of the lord of the manor. The Court would be de.
stmying ell the benefit arising front these decisions, if the present
case wz.s not determined according to the principles recognised in
them. The verdict must therefore be entered foe the plaintiff. for
only two of the hones which had been seized as berms. It hal
been agreed that the value of the two ant hones seized should be
taken as !tenon, in case the opinion of the Coen should warn,
the plaintiff's right to them, and the value of these horses we(
ermines: to be ISM. Ile. (inc of the hones originally chime
was the in..e-famous racehorse Smolensk°. but as he was not Upon
the manor at the time of the seizure being Made, the plainta's
claim to him was at once defeated.

EVANS T. SWEET.
This wu an amino for trespass wad false imprisonment. ric
defendant was a :flit...dr' officer. and the keeper of a lock-up house,.
in Cursitu.street, 121unters-lane. The plaintiff hod been wrested
in an scion for debt; at the sib of a Mr. Taylor. and had rain
bail. lkfore the return of the writ (11th November Wt), timid&
fendant caused *Nina boil to be put In, for the purpose at
I the plaintiff (Evans), winch arrest vu effected on Stesdays=
of November, and the plhiattfr was brought in custody to the heesso
of the defendant, hweet, Orke kept hint there congaed. Savona
special haring bu pin. n by titedollendoat. 41110111 that tht
Sheriffpleas officer hr whim dit iambi* hail been origiaallystrcoted,
hid entered the hid bbjecttodamyn rbiffindnir The
OS
Lord Chief Juence, On vier 114 fau in Sittings after
Easter Term, directed a A intio was subseqaentle ob-
tsined to set aside thousand; Mil erster far the plaimifl:
The Coon, lower.,, now continned the- diiectiaa of the bard
Chief Justice, and discharged the rule.
