BT TET.LOW 00.1NTR731101

Fellow-Countrymen—The flag of the Republic floats on the
Castle of Ulloa. I enflames to you with indescribable pleasure,
that at the end of 304 years, the standards of Castile hare (limp-
poued ftom our shores.
It was my first care, on succeeding to the seat of power by your
hue election, to declare that an absolute confidence, founded on
your valour, that the obstinate Iberian would reduce his doniteieme
within their ancient limits. The day of so touch glory and so much
happiness for our country has now arrived.
Mexicans—By the path of blood, traced in the town of Dolores,
you marched to obtain a decisive triumph. It has cost you the
lives of your heroes, the sacrifice of innumerable victims, the ruin
and the conflagration of your homey. Despotism has been extin-
guished in a sea of blood and tears I
Vera Cruz, the illustrious Vera Cruz, supporting the national
cOler' has brought this glorious work to a conclusion. There a
handful of brave men, struggling with the climate, and with death
in all its aspects, has triumphed on the ashes of that heroic city.
A page of sorrow and of horror will eternally preserve the memory
of the invincible people who braved, by their own force, and de-
prived of all the resources of war, the extremities which the hopes
of tyranny had dared to threaten. Vera Cruz has acquired an im.
mortal renown, which will extend its glory to the remotest corners
of the earth. It deserves the national gratitude. I have been a
wimeee of its unlimited suffering.: the highest authorities of the
nation are acquainted with it. Vera ems may hope for every thing
teem their justice and esteem.
Fellow Countrymen—The providence of the Eternal has pro-
dyad an order hf things entirely new. AU wounds are closed—
gjl distrust and jealousy have disappeared. Wheeever we direct
bur eyes we see only brothers and friends. All opinions, all sects,
4: parties, group themselves around the national flag ; ungrounded
fear and hopeless sedition will never return to disturb the repose of
eke greet family. Passions have died ; union founds its rights on
common intetesta, on generous principles, and on your noble.dispo-
same. Unhappy will be be who would saw discord—move %w-
-ham still would he be who would break your fraternal borde—
llos country will avenge its wrongs.
My friends, the past belongs to the domain of history ; to you
brimgv to secures futurity of happiness and prosperity. Time
Miser ; and Mexico, by your hands, will be raised to the summit
of its dentinies. Who does not now begin to see the endless pro-
pulsion of our power, of our trade, and of our felicity
Arlen, presenting one aspect to Europe, anti another to Asia,
the riches of her virgin bosom for the reciprocal commerce,
relations, and utility of mankind. Mexico, rising from the degra-
dation of slavery with the Majesty of fro: notions, ancient and
modern, displays a sublime and august character, which policy
Ms subjected to its calculations, anti cabinets to their views. The
Spanish Colossus, pressed by its own weight, hes fallen • great
eackme have arisen from its ruins—Mexico raises its head; the
lettings of its dignity occupies the world. This, rellow-ciusens, is
tat work of yew hands.

if y friends, in communicating to you this intelligence of un-
tpealtebk importance., I furnish to the nation au account of my
woes and my exertions. Ndw that the issue corresponds to my
wishes, I feel a pride in what 1 hare dune; and I may be per-
mitted to congratulate myself that the year 1825 approaches a ter.
sweetie° as happy and prosperous as its commencement. iittll.l
thermion may yet gather laurels in a wide field. it' the Cabinets of
Europe conform to the light of the age. and accommodate their
policy to interests so solemnly }lll4C,ll)Dtti on this continent. We
sbe4 cultivate the free relatiocs of peace and friendship with all
v;ie world. This great republic will be not less esteemed and ap.
ps lusted for the richness of its soil, than for the equity and benevo-
lence of the citizens who compose it. Mexicans, an epoch ap-
proaches of boundless felicity.
Glary, fellow-citizens, to the heave General who has terminated
the labour of four years by the nonquest of this hostile fortress.
Okay and honour to the brave who there have purchased this day
of stational joy with their fatigues, their blood, and their heroic
estretiogs. A grateful country, duly estimating their services,
will know how to reward them.
Pellow.eithiens ! Long live the Mexican Republic !
(Signed) GUADALUPE VICTORIA.
..;:exico, Nov. 23, 1825.

• MIL DOUTII LE'S Serf-1110E PLAN. or TEACHING
Far:cur.—Among the ingenious methods which have been
thought of to facilitate the acquirement of the French Language,
abet of Mr. Denville has certainly the highest claims to public
notice. By hie mode of tuition the Pupil will not only be enabled
t.• converse with the same fluency and accuracy of prosundation
ws if he hod studied in Paris, but he will likewise be qualified to'
wr:te with the greatest purity turd elegance; for such is the efficacy
of his system, the while the Pupil 'equines facility in speaking,
i.e gradually attainsa thorough knowledge of the elementary
prlciplcs of the language. and this becomes perfectly acquainted
w:th those variances anti niceties of expression which so frequently
occur in polite conversation among the fashionable circles in the apt.
sal of France. The French Grammar which Mr. Danville has just
published on the same plan, is lithly calculated for the rapid at-
'moment of that fascinating language. It center., exercises chiefly
composed of expressions Ind sentences most used in familiar dia.
esurse, thus affording the student, in presenting to his view the
odes of Syntax: a vOnahle collection of useful phrases. The na-
ture of the French verbs is also eitbabited in quite a novel and per.
11111112 net ; but the remake on Pronunciation, the 'spin-
xenon* of Idioms, the models of composition for the common bit-
SIAM of the world. and the Treatise on French Poetry, are pecu-
liarly serviceable. The wholsi,in short, is so judiciously arranged
tau those who may wish to acquire a kaowledge of French, with a
view to corm:within, will find this work extremely useful. It is
published by the author, 2, Lawrence-lane, Cheapsida, and C.
Coventry-street, Haymarket.

PION'ES OF FOUEIUN
Amorist; Bards
11-sztlian floods
tto Scrip
Ditto Acct. 14 13 dis
Down A Ire. Monde 78
Chilton floods GI
rolotittosn Bonds
Ditto Winds (11124) 67 61 6 61
64
Dille Acct. 674 6etsi
4 6 6il
Dosish ) 631 24
Ditto Acct. 63 24
Prevotb Rental 3 pet Ct. Nit. 7.1 c
G 6 f.

STOVES YESTERDAY.
1 Exchange 211 f. 10c. $:.
21ezirati Bonds 641 4
Ditto Acct. 631
1 Dj.lo
7 Donde (1020 71 70 0114
i 0
Unto Acct. 71 4 611,1 70 egi 1
70 691 701 1
IPortiviatt Bonds 44 3 44
Prtro.ian Bondi 92
Ditto Acct. 024
Russian Ilona, 811 2 11 I 11
Spaniel' Hondo 19 12
Ditto Arct. II
Ditto 111 121
Ditto Bonds ( 1613) 73 114 8
