PARLIAmENTAnr INTELLIGENCE.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, ?MOAT, Fen. 4.
The SPEAXE a entered the House a few minutes before 4 o'clock,
end shortly Mier the House proceeded to business.
El r. P. GREN IL LE presented • petition, from the Merchants
and Traders of London, praying for leave to bring in a Bill for the
erection of At. Catherine* Docks.
General GASCOYNE presented a petition from the Merchants
of Liverpool, praying for leave to bring M. a Bill for the Amend-
ment of the Liverpool Docks.
Mr. II y nal presented a petition from the parish of ,Edmonton,
county of Middlesex, praying the House to take into consideration
a repeal of the A.seesed Taxes. A 'Millar petition was Invented.
front the parish of St. Pancras.—Read and ordered to be laid upon
the table.
Sir J. NEWPORT moved for returns of the number of gallons
of spirits distilled in Ireland, from 17e0 to 1823 ; of Merwe of duty
per gallon ; of the gross amount of duty ; and of the quantity ex-
ported.—Ordered.
Lord A LT HORP gave notice of a motion for leave to bring in a
Bill for the Better Recovery of Small Debts.
IIr:'FANE presented a petition from the pariah of St. Clement's,
Oxford, praying for the repeal of the House and Window Tax.—
Received, and ordered to lie on the tattle.
Mr. BROGDEN presented • petition fur leaven) bring in a
ill for the; letabliehment and Regulation of an Equitable Loan
Omnpany, iseleh was read and ordered to be laid upon the table.
Sir C. 31ORGAN presented a pennon for leave to bring in a
Bit for the erection of the iioinney Reil-way, which was read and
mdered to be laid upon the table.
Sir 11. PARNELL gave notice of his intention to move, on
Toestlay, the loth February, for )rave to bring in a Bill to Amend
*c Laws between Landioni and Tenant in Ireland. Also, of a
motion for the better regulation of the Office of Justice of the
Peace in Ireland.
Sir JOIIN NEWPORT gave notice of a motion, on Tuesday
next, for the better regulation and collection of the county rates in
jeakind.
The Hoots. then proceeded to appent the usual etandingCommite
mei and the onlinary erosional regulaiiims were read, the last of
104:teh stated, that no petition for leave to bring in a private Bill
,cooni be received after the 2lnt of M Arch ; and no report on aprivate
Bill should be received after the 341. h of May.
Mr. MIME moved, that accounts should be laid before the
House of the amount of Land Tax redeemed since the year 1798.
Also of the gross amount of Land Tax unredeemed, and of the
-.specific amount redeemed in the years 1822, 1023, and 1824.
• 35r. ('ANNING laid on the table a Conventional Treaty of
Commerce between his Britannic Majesty and the King of Den-
mark.
petition was presented for leave to bring in a Bill fur the erec-
Sion of a Rail-road from Dublin to Belfast.
nIABER IN gave notice of a motion en an early day, for
the repeal of the Assessed 'faxes.
THEADDRESS.
The Committee appointed to prepare the Address, in answer to
his !Majesty's Speech, having appeared at the bar, it was moved
that the Address he received.
Mr. HOBIJOUSE rose. Before the Address should be received,
he would request indulgence from the House whilst he offered
one or two observations. It had been for sonic time the fashion
to consent to the Address, which echoed the Speech from the
Throne, as a matter of form. After the powerful and eloquent ad_
dress of his Hon. and Learned Friend (Mr. Brougham) last night,
It might perhaps be considered unnecessary for him to protest against
the portions of that Address of which he disappr'vcd, as it had
been thought unnecessary by those who dissented front it to divide
the House. There were few Gentlemen at his ride of the Howie, '
however, who did not find ninth to disapprove in this Address, ale
though, in accordance with a prevailing opinion, they might contd.
tier it unnecessary formally to protest against it. As ter as his
recollection went, or its far as he hail read and remembered of Par-
liamentary Addresses and Speeches of tile Kieg, he never remem.
keyed any which, in his opinion, it should be more necessary to pm-
test against than particular portions of the Address which was now
about to be received. In the King's Speech certein topics were intro-
duced which must engage the minute and anxious attention of the
country. The King's Speech informed the House that the country is
trarquil beyond precedent, that its prosperity is unparalleled, and
yet increasing—that a general tone of amity subsists between his
Majesty's Government and Foreign States--and yet what dues his
Majesty's Speech recommend ? M'hen Ireland is said to participate
in the geueral prosperity—when the Noble Mover of the Address
decided, that it was more tranquil than had been remembered—
his Majesty's Speech recommended an addition to the Penal Code
new measures of severity against the Catholic Association. Could
Lie Majeety's Ministers do any thing more likely to excite the sus-
nicioe of foreign nations than the resolution to augment the stand-
ing army in the ninth year of peace ? What more could his Ma-
Icsty's Ministers have done if they cattle down to acquaint the
Mouse that behind wax in open rebellion ? or, that the holy Alli-
ance had marched their armies into France, opposite to our shores?
He thought the House had a right to require an explanation 011
Olen topics at the earliest opportunity. IV ith respect to the first
topic, it had been ably handled last eight. He confeesed, how.
ever, that he felt great surprise at the manner in which this topic
had been treated by the Right Hon. 'Secretary. In sliming to the
new Penal Law, he desired tie House to believe that the only
enemies of the Catholics of Ireland were the Catholic Association.
The Rigbt lion. Secretary had said, that the Catholic Association
did not represent the feelings and interests of the Catholics. Who,
In Ireland, he would ask, were the diseentients but the Catholics ?
If the Catholics were not dissentients there were no dissentients ;
and if the Catholic Association did not represent the feelings of the
Catholics. who did represent their feelings ? He did not mean to
offer an opinion respecting the Catholic Association, but he would,
again ask, who was the representative of the Catholics of Ireland
if the Catholic Association was not? Did the Right Honourable
Secretary represent the feelings of the Catholics ? Did the Ho-
'nourable and Learned Gentleman (Mr. Plunkett) whose talents he
was ready to admit, although lie was not sure that he had merited
the eulogium which the Right Honourable Secretary had passed
upon hint ? Men must be judged by their acts. (hear, hear,) and
H' unfortunately theterse of folly marked the Honourable Gentle-
man's conduct, certainly the curse of ill success attended it; he did
not coeceive that this was sufficient to prove the Honourable Gene
Ile nan's claim to the penises which had been heaped upon him.
The Honourable Gentleman never attempted any thing in which
te hail not failed, and never connected himself with any party that
was not glad to get rid of hint. But if he had not misread ea
misunderstood the public prints, the Catholic Association not only
represented the feelings of the Catholics of Ireland, but also the
feelirgs of the Eeglnh Catholics. At one of the most numerous
and re.pectable rued:nem of English Catholics, which, lc believed.
had ever been held, an unanimous vote of thanks was voted to that
individual. whom lie would designate the soul of the Catholics of
Ireland. He did not mean to say that the Catholic Association had
not beet; extremely indiscreet in many of their acts, but lie would
say, that it required something more than the assertion of thu Right
Honourable Secretary to prove that die Catholic Association did
DM represent the feelings of a great majority of the Catholics
of Ireland. But if the Catholic Association did not represent the
feelings of the Catholic% why need the Right Honourable Seen-
etaty be afraid ? Glean) SI In did the King recommend to put
.down the Association P The Right Honourable Secretary tepee-
dented the Catholic A esociation—ill nobody,--as holding no power,
—as exceeding no inauence ; then why sliculd the Right Honour.
able Secretary anticipate any ill efilects from the continuance of their
meetings P Ile was afraid that the conttary of that which the Right
.Hooourable Gentleman had described was the fact. Ile had res-
ent to think—indeed lie knew—that the Catholics never were so
united as they are at regent. Titus was the fact that terrified the
'Rieht Honourable Gentlemen at his side of the Mouse, and not
the i teignificance, the unimportance of the Catholic Associatior.
So far was this Amociation from being an ineabus, which was the
mind used by the Right Honourable Secretary.—so fagarom press.
Jog and smothering Catholic feelings; that never bell!! was such
spirit and power of action given to the Catholics. These were the
real offences, there were the tangible effects produced by the Wm-
He Association. The Minister calls upon the House to put down
Otis inmerinm in imperiO, which at the same moment, he says, so
far from sheuldering majesty, deserves oily to be treated with
Indifference and contempt. This was • strange inconsistency, and
although he did not consider it necessary to divide the House, he
could tint allow this opportunity to pass without expressing his
-bumble intention of voting against an; new coercive measure to
put down the Catholic Association. H hilst Orange Lodges and
other Associations were suffered to exist, be was confident Honour-
able Gentlemen at his side of the House would not compromise
their principles by neglecting to come forward at a proper time and
mason (hear, hear,) to opooee the fatal inroad upon the Constitu-
tion. which the Right Honourable Sgereiary and his colleagues
meditated. • He now came to another topic of the Address,—the
durnentstion of the army. The House was told that the Burmese
had encroached ; he did not think they had encroached (hear) on
the possessions of the poor, mild, gentle Government of India.
su: this was Rot the only excuse of nl hastens when they asked the
House to grant supplies fcr the augmentation of our military esta-
blishment. The King's Speech stated, that " circumstances con-
nected with other parts of his Majesty's foreign recessions" ren-
dered as augmentation of the military force indispetisible. The
House hail at lead c. right to ask what other dominions were alluded
50? The Noble Mover of the Address stated. that Ireland was not
includedin the Foreign possessions. He (Mr. Hobhouse) could
sot sty how soon Ireland may be foreign, but be confessed it WWI a
great relief to learn, from so good an authorito as the Noble Lord,
that the projected increase of the military force was not made with a
view to Ireland. But unless the Right Honourable Gentleman
tacked his new penal law by sn augmentation of the military
/brce, it would be in vain for the House to make Acts of Parlia-
ment. The Noble Lord had hinted that the augmentation was to
Le nude with a view to she struggle carrying on in the Metliterra-
dean. He (Mr. Hobhosse) supposed, that the Noble Lou! referred
to the war between the Ottoman Empire and the Greek's. It would
&Rind him, in common with the friends of liberty to every country,
the most unfeigned eatisfectiorn if his Majesty's Government felt
the inclination, and found itself strong enough to take some effec-
tive mCSUrell in favour of that unhappy but glorious nation. At
Me commencement of the last Session, he had stated that lie con-
ceived there might be consinerable difficulty in tabling any measure
tevotte of the Greeks ; since then he believed sonic changes had
taken place which rendered the interposition of England no longer
impossible. If it were possible to inlerfere,—if it was the wish
of his Majesty's lime:re:rent to save the Ottoman empire
from ruin,—if it is rennennee desirable to uphold the power
of this empire, as a bulwark against Austria, or the more-to-be-
dreaded power of Rustic, En ;seen c, old not give a more effectual
proof of its sincerity, to preserve :he balance of Europe and the Ot.
Minas power, than by using her influence with that Power te Eire

wamm
up a struggle which, he thanked God, if persevered in, must end half was endeavouring to destroy the press, whilst thp other eneou.
in the utter ruin of the Turkish empire, for the subjugation of the rare her detengers ; who, for instance, had so boldly contended
Greeks was no longer to he apprehended ; they could never again for the freedom of religious discussion, and so loudly condemned
have that odious gple imposed upon deeps. under which they had the Government prosecutions fur libels. as the late :tinnier for j
sec long groaned. ey were told to the King's Speech of foreign Portal lington ? whose lonas w deplored in the last Session by the
poeseesions.—what melon possessions? Was it Canada ? He had Liberals of the Treasury Bench, as M ono of the mostenlightenesland
bested this mentioned, he had heard it hintil, that one of the can. valuable Members of the House;whilst theSerretary of the 'lonic
didates for the office of President of the United Sates was so iti. Department decimal his feelings upon ths subject by rejecting the
disposed towards England, that it was necessary to provide for the prayer of a wretched petitioner. who had suffered nearly four
security of Canada. He mentioned this in his ignorance. he knew years' imprisonment for a libel, not half so dangerous to the
nothing on the subject; but his ignorance was not his fault, the system of the Government es the last motion and speech of the
fault was in his Majesty's Ministers, who came down to the House late lamented Member. Or what had been thee guilt of this
to demand supplies for the increase of our military establishment, offender compared with the author of a late political history
without ever informing the House for what particular portion of of Ireland, which, at the present alarming crisis of that country,
his Majesty's dominions the augmentation was ennsielered necea. should be read by all who wished for real information upon the
airy. Without presuming to inquire into the secrets of Cabinets, subject ? He remembered at the doge of a former Session meeting
which might not to be told, he might be permitted to ask if the a party of the Cabinet at the Caledonian chime', where a popular
proposed augmentation had any relation to the new line of policy— preacher concluded one of his orations with earnestly exhorting
if it be a new line of policy—which the Right Hon. Secretary had the Abell:ere present to carry the Bible with them to their coon-
recently shown some disposition to pursue towards the Holy Alli. try seats, to ppnfy their units during the reuses ; but considering
arm ? 'f he standing army at present amounted to 73,000 men ; a the little bencht they had derived from the advice, he would mom.
few years ago—twenty years ago—it could not have been in the mend the trial cf another remedy of more searching nature, which
coatemplatii n of any person that it should be found necessary to had been expressly prepared tar their own case by the celebrated
support such an entabliMmunit in time of peace. The House had Captain Rock, being the publication he had alluded to; and if this
a right to know what augmentation was intended, whether five, or should fail to move their coroseierces, he knew of nothing but the
ten, or twenty thousand men, and for "Mat any augmentation was liquid lake described by their Scotch pastor that wan likely to bring
proposed.• The House had a right to demand information on this them to a sense of their errors. But however that might he, he chal-
subject, and to have a categorical answer or what account our mi. lengedthetn tomes and answer this book, which contained a short but !
litary establishment was to be augmented. Is the augmentation to complete history of the donee of the percent state of Ireland, Ind a
be ascribed to the continued possession of Spain ? He was asto- tine lecture of the moral and religious feelings of the patrons of
Matted that, in the Right Hod Secretery's speech, not the ItaSt al- the Bible Society. The Great Founder of Christimity ref:reached
lusion had been made to the continued occupation of a country the high priests and Phaeton' of the Jews with' being hypocrites;
which belongs to one of our allies, by the army of an of our but what would he have said to the present Lospeldeaching Mi.
allies; au occupation which Was
,pronoureed in that House as one resters, who propagated his doctrines throughout the globe in the
Of the most unwarrantable aggressions ever known. Parliament teeth of their conduct to that unhappy country ? If further proof
was not told whether Spain was to continue a province of Frarare. were wanting, what stronger than the case of the hue missionary,
whether thin gross act of injustice was to be perpetuated. He Mr. Smith ; for who, after all, were the real authors of the insur-
thought he should be excused for desiring some trifling informs. ration at Demerara? Not the zealous missionary—not the unhappy
don on this important subject. We had allowed one of our allies slaves—nor their more unhappy masters, whom he lielleved,if dot
to conquer Italy ; we had permitted another of our laic,' to subju. for humanity, at least for their interest's mice, to be as anxious to
Pte Spain—there was no talk then of arming. Only two or three protect their sieves as the estates they worked loam nor lastly,
isolated individuals at his (Mr. ll.'s) aide of the House expressed did he accuse the evil or military authorities of the Settlement,
any opinion on the subject. But now. become the Burmese make placed by the Government in so etuel a state of responsibility and
war upon our India possessions, we are to add, he knew not how dater—but the Oliniaters themselves, who, to serve their political
much, to our military establishment. There was another question Purposes, had encouraged those missionaries in the teeth of their
upon which he should expect an explanation from the Right Hon. own admission of the fully and danger of their proceedings ; for in
the Chancellor of the Exchequer. It was said that the proposed the last Session they had declared the missionary Smith to be the 1
augmentation would not cost much • something it must cost, how- cause oh the insurrection, whom the Bible Society had held up as I
ever, and•this something must be paid by the country. Hie objec. their best and most exemplary agent. And what was the truth
don was not to the cost of the augmentation, but to thaprinciple betwixt them ? The Right lion. Gentleman, with the usual con.
(hear) of adding to an overgrown standing army. IS lien the sistency of his speeches, condemned the missionary as guilty, while
Chsocellor of the Exchequer came forward with his budget, he had he deeply lamented his fate. Butt, in justice to die clotracter of the
a right to tell the House for what specific purposes the supplies demand, lie should have proved his charge and spared his laments.
demanded were to be applied. (Hear, hear, from the Ministerial tons, which only injured the accused by their. semblance of candour.
bandies.) He had a right also, when he came to propose a cline- For himself, he believed that no unprejudiced mini could have
Ration of taxes, to explain by a reduction of the Assessed Taxes read the evidence without a conviction of the truth and sincerity of
should not take place, for direct taxes were coafessedly paid with the deceased's declarations of innocence; that however mistaken in
leas satisfaction than any other description of tax, and a reduction his religious feelings, he had been actuated by a pure arid disinte.
of the Assemed Taxes was called for by the country. rested zeal in. the cause, and like the Apostles, in ring forth to
Mr. PISLHA M spoke a few words from beneath the gallery, but preach the Gospel, had taken neither scrip nor purse. But, in thus
was quite inaudible. defendiog his moral character from the base motives which passion,
The CHANCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said, he rose in prejudice, or cold-blooded policy had imputed to it, he must
consequence of the appeal made to him by Mr. Hobhouse. The equally own his contempt of al these Bible Societies, Which,
Hon, Gentleman had himself furnished the obvious reply to his whether composed of knaves or dupes, were alike false, absurd, and
own observations. He had said It was the practice to frame the dangerous to the last degree, but con: eyed at by Ministers to cover
Speech dem the Throne, and the Address in answer to it. no as not the still greater imposture of their Government. The Right Ho-
to involve the House in any specific pledge as to any particular noueable Gentleman, to adapt his eloquence to the spirit of the
line of conduct. He could not avoid saying, that he considered the times, and to tickle the Bible Society, as he had tickled his Learned
Hon. Gentleman somewhat premature, in asking to have the melt. Friends, by his praise of the Gallant Member for Southwark, had
ewes de'ailed, and the motives made public, which induced his declared the Shibbokth of his policy ' • and comparing its trencher.
Majesty's Ministers to recommend an augmentation of the military MIS and inhuman cons. quenees with his farfetched story from the
force. His Noble Friend Word L. Gower) had no doubt stated Bible. he could not have hit upon a better word ; but for his policy,
the true grounds of the intended augmentation, and when it became he hail always proclaimed it to be Mr. Pitt's system, or to quote
the duty of his Right lion. Friend to bring the epiemion befewe the his religious muse, "Elijah's Mantle," which, according to a
House, which would be at sn early period, his Right lion. Friend psalm a his own composing, had been tried by all and fitted no-
would be ready to enter into the fullest details on the subject. It baby but himself; and now at last lie had got it on his back, he
might possibly be very convenient for the lion. Gentleman to re- found it too old and threadbare to serve his purpose, arid ill-
ative the infotmstion he desired ; but the House must see that it stead of replacing it with a new one, was vainly endeavouring
would he very absurd for him to enter upon the subject now, when to repair it ; 'but who but himself would patch an old coat with
be shpuld so soon hive an opportunity of bringing it fully and new cloth, in mending his old system with his new principles of
fairly under the consideration of the House. Ile should only say, Free Trade, which could not hold together? This fallacy hail been!
that the proposed augmentation must of course be productive of well exposed by an Honourable Member, who maintained that
sonic expense; but he had some grounds for believiug, that when without a repeal of the Corn haws, the attempt must ruin our'
the state of our finances was made known, it would be found saes- manufactures : would that the judgment of die same Honourable j
factory to the country. When he had recommendel the remission Member had been equally unbiassed upon the question of that'.
of taxation during the last Session of Parliament, Honourable worst of impostures, the Sinking Fund. to support Which the As-
Gentlemen on the other aide of the Have talked of our dreary seised Taxes were continued. And here lie meet take the liberty
prospect", and foretold that we should not be able to venture on any of reading to him his own lecture to mother Honourable Mem.
further reduction, at lean for a considerable period. He did not bee, who, in the last Session, had soared above all in his flight
indulge in any prognostics on that occasion; but he was now happy of humanity upon a question wherein he had no private interest;
to inform the House, that the prognostics of the lion. Gentlemen but upon another question betwixt the brewers and the public,
opposite would be falsified by the event. But the Hon. Gentleman stuck to the golden rule of every man for himself; so the first
wished fur some additional information respecting the proposed Honourable Member, who had fought like a lion in the cause of
augmentation. Nothing could be more just than what was stated the people throughout all the stages of the Corn Bill, turned tail
by his Noble Friend, that the augmentation had to relation to the upon the question of a Sinking Fund, to which he could only look
state of Ireland. If there were no other grounds but the state of with the eve of a Loan Contractor. Here lay the toot of the evil,
thst country his Majesty's Ministers would not, have felt diem which nothing but reform could cure; for it was to this feeling of
selves justified in asking for an additional soldier. The auginenta. selfeinteteet, in thew who held the remedy in their own hands, that
don was recommended in reference to external cireunistruices, to all the miseries of SpaM, of Ireland, and of suffering humanity
which the Hon. Gentleman had himself alluded. We are often throughout thdworld, were mainly to be ascribed. The Right
accustomed to look with contempt on distant danger. Although Honourable Secretary had told them his Shibboleth was Eng-
Hon. Gentlemen know nothing of the Ituernme• Empire, or had land; would to God it were so, and that he would only prove
only read of it, it was not the less certain that there was such it In setting that example of public virtue which alone was want-
s Once. It was ascertained that the Burmese might, if not effee. ing to raise her to a prouder station than she had yet Med amongst
tually resisted, do very serious detriment to our Indian penes. the Powers of Europe.
Mons, and the House wend(' bear in mind, that our Last Indio "Oh England ! model to thy inward greatness,
possessions, were very peculiarly constructed (hear) and whatever Like little body with a mighty heart;
tends to endanger those possessions may produce .effects infinitely What ntightst thou do, that honour would thee do,
more serious than may be imagined by a person who only knows Were all thy children: kind and natural ;"
that such countries are to be found on the map. Ile was only And what prevented her, but that unnatural system of her Govern-
called upon at present to say, that when this subject came to merit, which had wasted her strength, blasted her reputation,
be considered, the House would find that the recommendation of and reduced her to the lowest state of moral mil political die-
his Majesty's Ministers was founded upon sound principles. The grace? Fur what was her real situation, and the short answer to
proposed increase was not in contemplation of a state of peace, as all the vain boasting, of her Minister.? Look to her debt of
the Hon. Gentleman argued, but of a state of war, which bad al- eight hundred millions, which neither ten years of peace, nor
ready commenced, therefore the argument on this particular objec. all the retrenchment forced upon her Government, had one jot
Lion did not apply. Ile did rot conceive that re person like the diminished ; and this was the key .to that new system of
lion. Gentleman. looking, he might say, with a philosophical eye, her policy, wherein the same Monsters who had expended
could have failed to discover how essentially di sweet our foreign millions upon millions to deliver Spain from France, and uphold
possessions now were compared with their relations at former pe. the liberties of England end the genrcel liberties of Europe, had
riods. Twenty years ago the relation of our foreign possessions now, forsooth, discovered that her true interest was to stand alone,
were entirely different, and the House must ace, that with regard to and (as the Right lion. Secretary expressed it) to move within
foreign possessions, the name rules are inapplicable, which may be the circle of her own orbit. But fur once let him emit his tropes
applied with strict justice to this country. In this country, in case. and metaphors, and answer in plain language to the charge of con-
of danger, the country may successfully call upon the Government, spiracy against the liberties of his country. The Ministers, in the
but in eases of sudden danger in our foreign possessions, the case king's Speech, had again openly boasted of their friendly relations
t greatly altered. - with those Powers, who heel as openly declared their hostility mail
Colonel PALMER said, that notwithstanding the speeches be constitutional Governments, and proved their intentions by their
had heard upon the Address, lie rose with exactly the same feel- aces in destroying that of Spain. IVhat then could be the basis of
I ings which he had stated to the House alien last he ventured to such friendship, bet their mutual understanding and agreement
address it, and which he must still avow, in the face of all the upon that vital question of public liberty, the existence of whith
praises which had since been showered upon the Government, and was incompatible with the principles the Holy Alliance stood
especially upon the Right lion. Gent. who had been declared to be Pledged to establish ; and dist this was the fact he boldly asserted
its brightest ornament, and the °beret of the esteem and admiration and as firmly believed ; whilst, of all parties et:teemed, the M
of all parties ; for. if such praises had been merited, his own Meters of England suted the deepest involved in the guilt. As to
opinions were unjust and illiberal, and he owed it to the Right the others, with the exception of him whose monstrous abuse of
Honourable Gen:Leman, his colleagues, and himself, to defend the power to which his brother legitimates had restored hint,
the language he had held, or to acknowledge his error. And, first, seemed to hare been ordained by Providence to mark the folly of
as to the Right Honourable Gentleman, what had been the Kneeled their Wile. and the justice of the cause of the people; there was
of the unqualified applause bestowed upon him in the last Session not an individual of those exalted personages whose private cha.
by Honourable and Learned Friends, whose talents mot political rioter, from all he had seen, heard, and believed, he did not re.
integrity had given the greatest weight to their opinions? The sped, whilst he considered their political feelings to be only the
Bight Honourable Gentleman was said to have done himself the natural consequence of the causes which heel excited them ; but he
greatest honour by the way in which he had spoken Ma Gallant could find no excuse for those who, born in the laidof liberty,
Member of the Ilouse, because his language had been a severe educated in her school, and tudebted to her protection for the
rebuke to the Governments who had endeavoured to degrade wealth and honour they had acquired, should now desert her reuse,
that gallant individual ; but if the Right Honourable Gentle- break clown the ladder which had raised them, and trample on the
man's language had been a rebuke to other Governments, how peoples' heads. But, whatever the motives of the parties, for
much greater to his own, who, in the very instance, bad set the which they must answer to their God, It was their conduct the
others the exatnple ; nor could he help telling the Right Ho. people had to look to ; and whether the Governments of France
nourable Gemini-lan, as lie had told him in the ems of her and Spain, the Governments of the Holy Alliance, or, above
late Majesty, that as a Minister, be would have acted more con- all, the Government of England, he denounced the whole
sistently by the Crown, and by his colleagues, ss well as by the as conspirators against the liberties tel mankind. and called
Interests a the parties, in defending them in the Cabinet rather upoe the ringleaders to answer to the charge. Moat gravely
than in that House, and by making the adoption of his opinions and deliberately he accused them of 'mein wilfully neglected
there the condition of his holding olgce. Where then in this that glorious occasion which the return of peace, and the de.
had been the great merit of the Right Honourable Gentleman, etruction of Bonaparte's power, had Abided, of re-establish.
or what the real difference betwixt his colleagues and himself, ing the liberties of Europe upon a firm basis, and of setting'
but that others had acted openly, whilst he would conceal his up a more dangerous and detestable tyranny in its place ; and that,
conduct ; for, ea Foreign Minister, he had stood foremost in iestead of availing themselves of that dear.botight but invaluable I
the Cabinet, the betrayer of his country ; whilst, like Judas, he lesson which the history of the French Revolution had taught both '
denied it to the people, and had thought to screen himself by crowns and Temple, in pointing oat to both their true interests;
dining with a radical Lord Mayor, or by his brilliant aptechea, once more, like their prototype Pitt, but with still less excuse, they
which, like btilliant tricks, were most admired when least un. hail conspired with the Powers of Europe against the liberties of
demoted. If he had misrepresented the Right Honourable the people, solely to prevent reform in the abuses of their own Go-
Gentleman lie hoped to be set right, for nothing could be further vernineut. And let the people look to the progress they had made.
from his intention, nor more painful to himself, than the personal Three years since Spain was free, and France boasted of her
attacks which public duty had compelled him to make; but Chatter; but now Spain was groaning under a double slavery;
considering the Right Honoureble Gentleman, as Minister, the France was plainly told by her Ministers she must expiate the
enemy of his country, the greater his talents and popularity, the crimes of her Revolution, by returning to her former state; whilst
more dangerous he was, and time more necessary to grapple the Ministers of England, who began the it part in the performance
with and endeavour to unmask him to the nation. AS an actor with invectives against Bourbon treachery, and prayers for Spaniel)
en the political stage, the Right Honourable Gentleman stood independe.mce, were now praying in theirhearts for the reestablish.
unrivalled, both as to the variety of parts he could assume, and his ment of that system in France, which they found to be the only
excellence in each. But the merit of an actor was no merit in a chance for the continuance of their own; for they well knew that
Minister i for he should appear but in one character, and that so peace could not be maintained betwixt the two nations without a
fair sad open, as to leave no morn to hangs doubt upon - whilst fairer balance of the conditions of the people In both, and that
that of the Right lion. Gentleman was neither to be found in his neither tithes nor excessive taxation could he much longer imposed
conduct nor his speeches, wherein he always charmed his hearers, on die one without being regenerated in the other. But if the die-1
, and brought down thunders of applause, but as to his test policy, tresses of the people could not move the Ministers. let than at least',
contrived to keep them in the dark. What stronger instance than tutu their eyes to their own danger, and the rotten foundation on
his late speech, wherein he boasted of the applause of the whole which their power relent ; for, whilst the Government of France
nation, toOlie very echo which npplaude again, whilst he deplored rode triumphant over the people, and found it needless to dupe
her immorality, and taxed her with being ready to moist Ferdinand them longer even with the name of their Charter, the Ministers of
to strangle infant liberty in Spain. And who but himself could England had no real power whatever, but, like dishonest te,
understand his meaning ? Whether as the friend of liberty, toes. only kept in Nem by imposing on the credulity of their masters.
claim against the hasenese of his country ; or only as the greater What better ioustration of the strength' courage, and generosity of
rogue, to cry out first, and reproach the majorities of the House; the nation, contrasted with the seakeess coyrake and baseness
in like manner, but in less homely terms, than were said to have of her Government, than the act of the Right Honourable Grit.
been used by a certain kitchen article, when abusing his companion demon, who, as one of the people, had advertised his sub-
on the tire. The conduct of his oppooents in the Cabinet was at scription to the relief of the Spanish Patriots,
least open and intelligible, and, in fact, more wise ' they saw the Minister, he had withdrawn the trifling support the Govern.
folly oehis half measures, and the necessity of either abandoning ment had allowed them t and. whilst thus meanly truckling
their eystem, or of joining despotism to support it : in the mean- to Foreign Powers, what greater prtiof of their tyranny at home
time, betwixt the stools of their contention, :pain had fallen to the and the insolence of that faction which usurped the powers of the
ground; and England, without a change of measures. must fall at Constitution, and lorded it equally over the Crown sail the
kn. Never yet did she stand so de sled and despised in the eyes people, than that the same Sovereign who had proclaimed the
cf Europe and the world, as under her present Government, cont. equality of civil and political rights to all his German sub.
posed of parties openly professing opposite principles, whose mu. jests, was prevented by his Ministers from doing the same justice
mai jealousy and baked were nOtorioila to tfie whole country, and to the Catholic population of his United Kiagdovo ? And what
who literally agreed in nothing, but to keep in place at the expense was their excuse? The danger of the Protestant religion. But
of their own honour and cealeieteney a Ministry, of whom one- was ever assertion so false, or hypocrisy so great, as that which

THE BRITISH PRESS.

pretended to believe it ? but which well knew that the danger
was not to the Established Religion, but to an enormous Church
Establishment in Ireland, which required the expeti•e of a large
standing army to support it, in the teeth of all justice and
atue religion, and the eenee and feeling of the people. As to
Catholic Emancipation. if no other benefit was to accrue from the
measure, but the transfer of the tithes collected from the Catholic
Teeple to the Catholic Church, he should consider it an act of
Right
and sowed policy, and appeal to every argument of the
Right Hem Secretary, upon his motion to enable Catholic Peers (o
Mt in Parliament, to confirm his own opinion; and ae to other. of
his piebald Cabinet, who would scare the nation with the danger of
Cade lie ascendancy, he called upon them at once to put an end to
all religious differences, and unite Catholic, Protestant, and Dis-
center in their cruntry's cause, by graciouidypermhtina their owe
Sovereign to do that by the people of the tinned Kingdom whic't
be bad done by the people of Hanover. Nothing short of this con'd
give that 'strength to the Government, which, under whatever form,
wee essential to support it and if such had been the advance-
ment of general knowledge and education, that this concession
had been deemed necessary to the slaves of a despotic government,
to wham the treedoni of the press was still unknown, how
much more necessary to that people, who, in the establishment of I
their liberties, beheaded one king, dethroned another, and set up
a third, to the exclusion of the legitimate heir tb the Crown, whOm
the voice of the people declared to have forfeited his right? Un-
less the Ministers could make up their minds to this measure,
which, if rot conceded, would eventually he forced upon them,
they had better at once drop the curtain upon the farce they had
so long been playing in that Hum. and either shut its door, or at I
least match those out of it who dared impeach their conduct, as the
Deputy Manuel was marched out of the French Chamber.
Sir J. NEWPORT said that he at first hesitated whether he
should persevere in an opposition to the Address which had been
moved last night, but he had been induced to waive that mimed-
,' tion from an observation which had fallen from the Right Hon.
Secretary (Mr. Canning) that by assenting to the Address the
House was not pledged to an assent of the specific measure' which
it recommended. The Right lion. Secretary had further said that
the ineaautes which were recommettled were founded omfacts well
known to the House, and to the country. Now, either these facts
were coetained in the Report of the Committee which sat last year,
or on some other papers which were in the meelusive possession of
Government; but he would deny that the House were in possession
(Warty farts which would justify such a proceeding as that recum.
tner.dtd in the Address. No facts were stated by the Right lion.
Gentleman which could in any degree sanction or require such a
precteding. Of the Catholic Association he would sty, that in-
stead of promoting disturbance, it t'esi promoted tire race of the
country. It operated more to restore tranquillity, perhaps, than
any other cause or measure, and co-operated powerfully with the
Government of the country in the restoration of the people to habits
' of peacefal industry, on which the House had been last night con-
gratulated. ( Hear, hear.) He was desirous of knowing when it
was the intention of Government to bring forward the measures
which they proposed to recommend respecting the Catholic Asso-
ciation, as many Honourable Members were anxious of being pre-
sent, and of taking their part in the disposal of an Momentous. a
subject. It was a question that affected E.:gland as well as Indeed.
for whatever related to the peace and whim of one country related
to the peace and welfare of the other; and if measures were row
proposal to put down the Catholic Aseociatiou they would extehd
equally to associations in England, unleas they' were prepared to
legislate for Ireland in a manner in which they would not dare to
legislate for England. (Hear. hem, hear.) The Catholic Asso-
ciation endeavoured to lay their complaints before Parliament in
a manner by which their grievances would he most likely to meet
redress, and be submitted in the most advantageous way to Parlia-
ment. The facts must be strong indeed which should induce the
House to legislate for the suppreseion of such a body. The privi-
lege of complaint was one of which it was hard. indeed, to rob an
oppressed people. (Hear, hear.) The Right lion. Secretary last
night endeavoured to drew a line of distinction between the Ca-
tholie Association aid the Catholic People of Ireland. Such a
distinction:could not in fairness be drawn ; they were united—they
were one and the same in feeling and Werra. There was no
danger to be apprehended from the Association ; its existence
was owing to the situation in which the Catholics were placed,
and for that situation they were ptiticipally indebted to the Lord
High Chancellor, and to the Secretary of State for the Homer
Department. A perpetual argument which was resorted to by
the opponents of the measure of Emancipation, was, that the
body of the people were indifferent to it. This argument
had keen refuted by the conduct of the Catholics themselves :
they tell you, by their actions, " We do feel a deep interest
in this cause—we will come forward to support it; and, from
our eehaustell purses, we contribute to the prosecution of our
claims." (Hear, hear, hear.) Now that they have come foe-
wara—now that they have roved to you they do take an in.
tercet, and that you have taunted them into the proof, you
tun round upon them, upbraid them for that of which you
have been yourselves the cause, and aptly for their suppression.
her.) And all dile is done under the
.pretext of equal
justice—of a desire of putting down all parties in Ireland—
whereby the Catholic Association, which is not an illegal body,
is claimed with the Orangemen, which has been declared to be
so. In 11113 the Right Hon. the President of the Board•bf
Control brought forward a motion, which was subsequently
withdrawn, deelaring "a certain Society, called the Society of I
Orangemen, to be illegal." The Right lion. Secretary fir to.
reign Affairs ebeerved—" It Is consolatory to reflect that In the
discussion no person has been found to stand up in defence of
an Institution which has been notoriously formed on principles
at variance with the pease and welfare of the empire." The
Noble Lord (Lord Castlereagh), irho ' preceded the Right
Hon. Gentleman in the situation which he now holds, promised
that before the subsequent Session, and after the discussion of
that night, these Associations would be en put down that they
would necessarily cease to exist ; and that it would be unne-
cessary to introduce a law for their suppression. Yet last year his
Right Hon. Friend (Mr. Plunkett) had found it necessary to
bring in a Bill to sup press it—and what was the result of It?
Was the Orange Aseociatma suppressed by that Bill? Cer-
tainly not. And if a 11:11 were DOW introtlured for the suppres-
sion of the Catholic Association, would that be gala to be a measure
of equal justice to the Orange Societies and the Catholic Association?
Should the Catholic Association be put down. and could we find,
amongst its leading members, men who were also members of his
Majesty's Government, as we now found in the Orsege Societies,
where Alasters, and Deputy Grand Masters, were selected front
persons in power, and its the employment of Government? (Hear,
heat) Whilst such a practice prevailed, the introduction of a
Bill was but a pretext, and not a real suppression of an illegal
society. That discontent prevailed could not be denied • but to
remove that discontent, the cause of it must first be removed. Any
other course would prove futile; airy attempt to stifle public
opiuion by insurreetton laws, or extraordinary enactments, would
only make it explode with greater force Imm the very fact of its
Compretsion. (Hear, hear.) He (Sir J. Newport) was old enough
to remember what had been clone for the relief of the Catholic' in
Termer times ; it had been always done in a moment of elifficelty I
and danger; such were the concessions to the Catholic., in 1781.
Again in 1793, when concessions were trade, the French and
Spanish fleets were riding triumphant in our channels ; and such
then was the apprehended danger, that although a petition from the
Catholics had been in the previous Session of Parliament rejected.
and one, too, asking for very moderate relief, yet the 3linisters of
the then Government of Ireland, over which the present Lord
Privy Seal (Lord Westmorland) presided, came down the very
next Session, and granted more extensive ptivileges than the Catho.
lice claimed in the petition which had been but the year before re-
jected by them with scorn and derision. They owed the boon, not to
the liberality of Government, but to the necessity that existed foe
consolisleting the strength of the empire.—( Applause.)—They had
since petitioned, over and over again; they have met repeated te.
finals; anti it is not to be wondered at that they have formed diem-
selves into the Association which was so much censured, with a
view of obtaining, by every legitimate means, their admission to
the benefits of the Conetitution.—( Hear, hear.)--For my part, who
have been long engaged in the public service of my country—who
have my little all bound up with the welfare of that country—l
earnestly recommend you to do that act of justice to Ireland which
is long due—which is now again respectfully solicited. Do not
wait for some period of impending danger, when necessity will
oblige you to the ant, and it will he deprived of the character of an
Amour and grace. I, at least, have done my duty : " Libenot4
inelerant meam." (Loud cheers.) I have often asserted believe,
and now again repeat my conviction, that without this measure
you cannot secure the peace and happiness of Inland. Unless you
do 0, fatal will be the consequencee. The years that I may have
to live, must be, in the course of nature, few ; I may not, therefore,
survive to witness them, but if it were the last breath I had to
utter. I should say to you, that by rile course of policy alone can
you effectually aed permanently conciliate Ireland—by the oppo-
site yon oily irritate and insult her ; you prolong her degradation
and her misery, and you seal the ultimate ruin of the empire.
(Loud cheer.)
31r. PEEL was unwilling to anticipate the discussion of the
measures which were intended to be introduced into Parliament re-
meeting Ireland. Ile should deserve himself for the occasion when
those waviness were regularly before the House. But he wu
ready to concede to the Right Hon. Gentleman, that the assent of
the House to receive this Address did not pledge it to the full ap-
probation of each of the specific measures contained in the Royal
Speech. and alluded to in the Address. As to the measures them.
selves, he expected his Right Hon. Friend the Secretary fur Ireland
would that night give notice of the period of their introduction, so
that Hon. Gentlemen might be duly apprised of the time of their
probable entertainment by the House. As to the manner in which
they were to be brought forward, and as to the inquiry for papers,
end for the information on which these measures were grounded,
he would only for the present say, that Ministers would introduce
theta on their own responsibility, and,on the facts which they would
submit to the House, claim its supports as ajustitication of them.
As to the Catholic Association, lie MU at a loss to know how the
warmest advocate for the 'Riede of the subject could undertake
the defence of the measures of that body. It mounted at one time
an authority equal even to the supremacy of the Crown; at an-
other, it arrogated to itself the privilege's and functions of the
Executive Government of the country, and took upon itself powers
altogether so irregular and extraordinary, that he was at a loss to
conceive how any man who valued the popular part of our cans&
tution could stand up in vindication of the course of proceedings
which had marked its progress. It interfered most improperlrwitbi,
the administration of the justice of the country, and took to itself
privileges which he had learned to think were peculiar to thatllouse.
Would the /louse submit to such an assumption of authority by
any body ? They even went so far as to levy taxes. and Ito far
interfered with the administration of justice as to exercise powers
delegetecl alone to his Majesty's Attorney-General. It would not
be difficult to show thnt they did these things, end when proof was
given of their haring done so, he ;toped the Rouse would join with

him in a protest against such an arrogant sesummion of power and
authority. (Hear, hear.) It was maintained that it was not an
illegal body but he (31r. Peel) would contend that it was, for It
was a representative body, and every such body or asaociation of
men was declared by the law to be illegal. It had been said, that
the Homan Catholics of Ireland were identified in 'feeling and in.
terest with the Catholic Association. Opposed as he was .politi.
catty to their claims, he would not believe that they were—he
would not believe that they would adopt—such a sentiment as he
found in one of the addresses of that body. The passage to whirls
he begged to refer the House was this—" We conjure you, by the
hate you bear to Orangeman." (Hear, hear.) Now he had a bet.
ter opinion of the Roman Catholics of Ireland. than to suppose
they adopted this sentiment, Ile was at a loss to know bow the
memhers of that Astociatien—lay and clerical as they were, for
they consisted of both—could be brought to approve of and nue_
tion this. Indeed he did not know how the mrnibers of any Chris..
tian faith in the world could promulgate ir. It was irreconcilable
with every notion of true religion. (Hear, hear, hear.) If it
were time, as had been *awned, that the Homan Catholics and
the Catholic Aasoeistion were one and the same, wu not that a
strot.g and irresistible argument why a people holding aucti a due.
trine should be disqualihed from political power ? He would cm
do diem the injustice to .uppnss that this wiz their sentiment: bet
that the credit of it rested with a few factions demagogues of that
Assetiation. The Hon. and Learned Gentleman who addressed
the House tut night on the Address, alluded to the divisions in the
Cabinet an certain measures, and of :he readiness to sacrifice ov:.
alone to places. For his (Mr. Peel's) pan—
' Mr. BROUGHA :11—" I did not mean you."
Mr. PEEL. resumed. He was unwilling to separate himself
from those with whom lie acted. Of the .table Lord to whom he
alluded, he could only say, that there was no name which wou!d
go down to tVosterity with a higher character of integrity and eon.
intent policy. (Hear, hear.) He need not go into the detail tf
his public life, but the charge was one which was contradicted br
the whole tenor of the life of that Noble Lord. ( Hear. tear.) HS
was bound principally to answer for himself, and could only say,
that no unworthy motive or feeling of place ever actuated him. I
sacrificing place, he wax not aware that lie made any great sun.
five, but the opinions which he had advanced ....beady were those la
which he would adhere, and to none mire steadily than to ;Ist
which he expressed on the Catholic question, in the rectitude of
which daily experience only the more and more confirmed him._
(Hear, hear). The lion. Member for Westminster (Mr. If °Maw)
had said that if these measures were adopted, a military augments.
Clint would be necessary to carry them into effect. Now vain he
begged to say; that he had a better opinion of the Homan t:aths.
lies, and he was satisfied, if the Hvuse should be of cpir.fon that the
Association should cease to exist, the Hortt:n Catholics would
quietly acquiesce and submit to the law (Hear, hear,) and not ist
either so weak or so wicked u to require the intervention if mllitsry
force. (Hear, hoer.) . . _

Sir JOHN NEWPORT, in explanation said, be, in referring
to the speeches of the Right Hon. Gentleman. found him °opening
the Catholic, and certainly seldom attacking the Orangemen.
Mr. C. HUTCHINSON said, that the wishes of the peopleof
Ireland were in favour of the Catholic Association, but the As.
soeiution at the same time denied that they were the tem.:antenna
of the people; over and over again they denied this charge. TV,
knew the law ton well to violate it. Ho felt the force of the ani-
mated markets of his Right lion. Friend, the 11e saber for Water.
Curd, who had for years manfully supported the cause of ('atheric
Emancipation. In every thing that fell from him he most fully
concurred. He wished, on occasions like the present, rot to dehy
an Address of Thanks, but hr wonid beguile), of a dereliction of kin
duty, it he did not say that Ministers had put a falsehood into ace
King's Speech ; and lie challenged them if they could deny a.
But it was said the Association led to danger—aye, so it did,
to bigots, to alarmists, to their persecutors, to peremas who felt
lice some of the Members of the present Cabittee. blr. CConrell
had opened the book of Protestant persccutimie, and by and by
they would appear so odious, as that Catholic Emancipation mast
be passed with acclamation. Uatil that period there could be ro
security to the State, and cone elieuld there be. lie ofjectuil te,he
4th and Bth paragraphs of the Speech, inasmuch ae they were
a declaration of war against the Catholic population of Irelarc.
He believed decidedly that the violence of the Catholics would be
injurious to their muse, and so it would ; but what persons India
expressed thennelve% ? What public meeting said so ? None, per.
haps, but the Right Hen. Gentleman and those who felt like
him. He would not hare said even thus much on an occasion like
the present. but from the force of duty to Ireland and to England.
The Ministers were fortunate and utuformnate—fortunate at the
issue of the late war—unfortunate in their conduct to Ireland--
They were liberal to Hanover and America, liberal to strangers,
but unfortunate and illiberal, because on the very night when tire
talked of the general prosperity of the country, they, at the same
time, issue a declaration of war against six millions of a brave. a
peaceable, a grateful, and a loyal people. The people of Dried
must take alarm at such a statemere, as that they were to be gaggal
and prohibited from the utterance of their complaints. The espial
of England was going to every part of the world—to Inland perhait
a little ; but while a war was proclairaed against Inland—who oil
venture to send his capital thither ? The Noble Mover of the Ad.
dress, last night said, that not an additional soldin would be sett
Ireland. She was said to partake of the general prosperity; and
yet war was denounced against her. What could-that conduct be
but infatuation, and what but unfortunate in pursuing such a
course? It had been said in another place, thetahe system pur-
sued towards Ireland since the Union, had been one of partiality to
her interests ; he denied it. and had for years denied it. Why see
Ireland so poor, Because oppressed for centuries; and until a
more liberal policy were pursuant, she must be poorestd degraded.
That she should be relieved front such a condition, would be as it
ever had been, his most earnest supplication.
Sir T. LETIIBRIIME thanked hit Majesty's Ministers foe
Intimating their Intention to suppress the Cathode Association.
For the sake of the Catholics themselves, he thought it w mid be
highly advisable to do so. He was astonished that some Gentle.
men even qualified the conduct of the Catholic Associatioe ; but
he was surprised still more to find others ins farther, and justify
them altogether. lie had heard oat of that House, that sore of
the English Catholics had identified themselves with the Irish—
that he regretted ; but at the same he time hoped that no two Puha.
ments would be allowed to go on together, for he thought that one
was sufficient for the purpciees of the British Constitution. (len,
and a laugh.) However the friends of the Association might
differ, his conviction was, that it should be put down. That it
would be put down he little doubted, unless indeed the government
of the country elg feted a duty they mariffeatly owed it. That no
such dispositior existed on their parts, the gracious Speech
from the Throne assured him ; and, whatever miteht be the
difference of opinion on the larger question of Catholic Emanci-
pation, he was quite sure there could be none as to the total
necessity of putting down the Parliamentary Assoc'ation in Inland.
Lord NUGENT said he merely root to observe that a very
erroneous parallel had been drawn by the Right Honourable
Secretary for the Home Department, between the Catholic Avon-
ation of Inland, and that Association known in this country by
the name of the ComMunonal Association. The Right Hneour.
able Secretary commenced his observations with a taunt which he
fe:gse was double-edged. for while it was Levelled at the oppeniie
sloe of the House. it hit also at the mode of reasoning pursued by
hint. Good God ! had they not a right to ask the Right Honour-
able Secretary, why it was that the Constitutional Society,
which he admitted was illegal. was not put down ? The mores°,
as he now called upon the llt use to put down the Catholic Ave-
dation, which was not yet ennui d to be of a similar character.
Were the Ministers now to say that they knew of the illegality of
i the Constitutional Association, and never once attempted to put
it down or prosecute it ? If he remembered rightly, there was only
one instance in which a bin of indictment had been found wink
them, and when it came to trial they were acquitted. Butßatt was
said by others that both these Associations were illegal—if so, why
ask for new laws to suppress them ? If' they be contrary to law,
let them, again he said, be prosecuted ; but let not the crime be
fast executed, and then a law framed to punish it. (Hear, hear.)
It was not his intention to have occupied the attention of the House
for a single moment, if it was not front the few observations which
fell front an Hon. Baronet near him (Sir J. Lethbridge.) lie
stated that a degree of union existed between the Homan Catholics
of England and those of Ireland, and in saying so the Honour-
able Baronet was correct- He (Lord Nugent), was authorised to
say, that the Catholics of Great Britain concurred with the views
of the Catholic Association, and agreed with then, in the policy of
again petitioning both Houses of Parliamen:. lie had been informed,
and he believed correctly, that he would shorulp have to sub-
mit to the House a petition front the Roman Catholics of Grua:
Britain, and he was further told, that it was likely to receive three
times more signatures than ever any similar edition received be-
fore. Of this circumstance he was both happy and proud. because
it evidenced to him that the Roman Catholics of Great Britain
would not be prevented from standing forward Inc the rtghts and
the justice due to themselves and their brethern of Ireland. True
the English Catholics might have remaibed in silence, and con-
tinued to bear their chains, and if they hail done so, he would not
less have felt the importance of their claims. But yet he could not
help saying, that, had they done ,o, he would have regretted their
want of spirit, sympathy, and good faith, if they had longer cur.-
tinued to hold back.
Mr. PEET. and Lord NUGENT mutually explained.
A MEnnzat, whose name we could not learn, observed, that he
belonged to an Association for the purpose of employing English
capital in Ireland. and that so far from being deterred from bailor.
ing up their project, by the debate of last night, the Society were
the more firmly determined to persevere. He was happy to notice
the animation which, attended this debate, and he hoped it would
continue.
111 r. DENMAN was also harpy that the debate of last night had
not prevented the animation which vicompanietl the debate this
evening. Gentlemen should not travel too that in speaking of il-
legal Societies; for he was not quite ante that the Constitutoral
Association which was so much favoured by elembers or the
Cabinet, might not be yet considered en • contravention of the
letter of English law. He was not quite sure, that their legal es-
imence might not be considered in peril ; hut whether the Irish
Banking Company, alluded to by the last Honourable Speaker. or
the Irish Catholic Association, were contrary to law, he did not
say. All he would say was, if either or both, be contrary to law.
then let them be put down by law. But if the Catholic Aseneattien
rose mily a little against the spirit of the !ay.—that could form no
sufficient reason for new laws, for new oppressions, which,begitaiirg
in violence,muat end in ruin. Belt whether illegal or unconstituttetud.
what could the Ministry say, who not only did not putt down the it.
legal Constitutional Society, but who even never wagged a tongue
against it? Not only that, but they and their friends had spoken to
it* favour ; it was taken especial care of by the late Chancellor of the
Eichequer, and that nape-Hum in intperto was not handled or used
by an Attorney.fienand, but by a private individual attorney, who
Itturped the prerogatives of the ('own, for the avowed end n•-
torious purpose 'of putting ten end to all freedom of uhscunien.
