STAYS AND ELASTIC BELTS.

TURNHAIII-GREEN.
By Mr. SHUTTLEWORTH.
At the Mart, THIS DAY, at 12.
TIOHnIIA HOUSE, a genteel LEASEHOLD RE-
SIDENCE. cheerfully situated, four miles and a half from
Hyde Park.corner. on Turnbam-green ; containing two servants'
rooms, five bed-chambers, dining and drawing-rooms. breakfast-
parlour, kitchen, domestic offices and cellaring, with a large gar-
den, extending altogether 448 feet in depth ; held on a lease re-
newable at stated periods at the option of the tenant, making in
the whole a term of seventy-four years unexpired, at a very low
rent of 361. per annum.

May be viewed, and particulars had on the premiaes; at the
Black Horse, Turnhatn.green ; at the Mon : and of Mr. Shuttle-
worth. 28, Poultry.

NEXT PRESENTATION TO THE VALUABLE REC.

TORY OF ROVIIFORD,IN ESSEX.
By Mr. SHI'TTLEWORH.
At the Mart. THIS DAY. at 12.

THE NEXT PRESENTATION to the valuable
Rectory of ROCHFORD, near the fashionable watering
place. Sou Mend, with a good residence and offites. 4C acres of glebe,
the great and small tithes bf the parish. and other emoluments ;
estimated worth 700!. per annum. The present incumbent about
64 years of age.
Particulars may be had at the Star, AngeL and Pell Inns, ()g-
-rant ; the Sun and Hoop, Cambridge ; of Messrs. Ailiaton and
Hundleby, Solicitors. Preerorm's-court, Cornhill ; at the Mart
and of Mr. Shuttleworth. 2il, Poultry.

NEST PRESENTATION.
By Mr. SHUTTLEIVORTIL

At the Mart, THIS DAV, at IL unless an acceptable offer is

previously made by Private Contract.
THE NEXT PRESENTATION to the valuable
RECTORY of KEIXEDON HATCH. a very plea-
santly-situated Parish. comprising upwards of One Thousand Two
Hundred Acres, chiefly rich Arable Land, 3 miles from Brentwood,
3 from Chipping 4 hlgar, and only l 9 miles from London, in an de-
rated and salubrions part of the County of Essex, and most respect-
able neighbourhood, with an eseelitnt'Parsousge House and Glebe
lying immediately around it i estimated value between SOW. and
1001. per annum. Incumbent in his Nth year.

Panieulara may be had at the Hell end Star Inn. Oxford; Sun
and Hnop Inn. Cambridge; at the Mart; and or Mr. Shuttle-
worth, 23, Poultry.

MANCHEATE.R.SQUARE.
TOWN RESIDENCE ELEG A N-rLY FURNISHED.
By Mr. SHUTTLEIVORTH,

.1t the Mart, DAY. at 12, is One or TV/11 lota, at, 911211 be

determined upon at the time of sale, unless previouily disposed
of by private contract.
A N Excellent TOWN RESIDENCE, with coach-
hou.ee and stable attached; suitable for a Member of Parlia-
ment. private family. or newly married couple, in perfect repair,
and recently furnished in the most complete and fashionable man.
ner. very desirably situated No. 18, Manchester.stecet,3lanchester-
square, containing numerous airy bed chambers, an elegant suite
of three drawing.rootns, excellent dining parlour, library, dressing
rooms, wster closet, kitchen, housekeeper's room, domestic offices
aced cellaring.
May be viewed, and particulars had on the premises ; of Menus.
Collinson and Snn, Chenies-street, Bedford-square; of Messrs.
',rodeo. Crosse and Batty. Solicitors, Hatton-court ; at the Mart;
and of Mr. Shuttleworth, 28, Poultry.

ELEGANT VILLA. CHELSEA.
H• Mr. sHUTTLFIVORTH ,

At the Mart, THIS DAY, at 12, unless previously disposed of
by private contract

AVery desirable LEASEHOLD VILLA, detached,
and of handsome elevation, standing in the midst of 6 acme
of Land, disposed in pleasure-grounds. gardens, and ornamental
paddocks. very cheerfully situated at Chelsea, near the College, op-
posite the road leading to the Military Asylum, and within
of Buckingham-gate-and llyde Park-corner.
The residence is substantially erected, and contains numerous
airy bed-ebatnbers, a dining.room twenty-threefevt by fifteen feet,
drawing:room nineteen feet by fourteen feet, breakfast-rootn, capi-
tal kitchen and washhouse, fruit-room, servants' apartments, and
domestic of of every description ; a detached coach-house,
thrre.stall stable. brewhouse, barn, cart-lodge, poultry-yard, doe-
the whole forming a most convenient and desirable residence for a
respectable family, a Member of Parlisment,or any individual con.
netted with the public establishments in Westminster.

May be viewed with tickets only, which, with particulars, may
be bed at the Mart, and of 31r. Shuttleworth, 211, Poultry.

CAPITAL FREEHOLD ESTATES AND GROUND
RENTS.

Producing Seven Hundred end Ninety.-nine Pounds Four Shillings
per Annum, and the next Preseune ion to a valuable Rectory In
Easel. By Mr. SHUTTLEWORTII,
At the Man, THIS DAY. at 12 in 'Lots

THE following' FREEHOLD ESTATES and
GROUND RENTS, viz. :—A capital substantial RESI.
DENCE and Premises, situated No. 36, Comhill, the corner of
Birchin.lane, on lease to and in the occupation of the Trustees of
the British Commercial Insurance Company, for the term of thirty
years onexpired, at a net rent of 30/. per annum.
A spacions .sulistantial DWELLING-HOUSE, Warehouse,
and Premises. advantageously situated Nu. 6. Skinner-street, Hol-
born, let on lease. for a term of upwards of sixty years unexpired,
at a net rent of 16W. per annum.

A spacious seistantial DWELLING-HOUSE and Premises.
eligibly situated No. 40, Skinner-street. let on lease and in the oc.
eupation of 31r. Wright, carpet-manufacturer, for a term of twenty
years unexpired. at a net rent of BM per mum..
Two convenient DWELLING-HOUSES and Premises, de
sirably situated Nos. 36 and 37, Hatton-garden ; one on lease, the
other in the occupation of a tenant at will, at net rents, amounting
to 1201. per annum.

ROBINSON and VISTIRIN submit to Ladies 'heir
fashionable CURS F: Ts of various unique patterns, which
they engage to fit in a superior style of elegance and beauty, how.
ever difficult the figure. Their PATENT STAYS coun:eraet
and rectify spinal curvatures, and support and cure persons awry,
invisibly milking the form appear perfectly straight and shapely.
without any pernicious steel, padding, or pressure. ELAS I'IC
BELTS, Which reduce corpulency. visceral enlargement. umbilical
hernia, local dropsy, relieve and strengthen abdominal debility, and
give comfortable support before and after atcouchement. Country
residents instructed to send measures.

betters must be post paid—be correct in the names and address—
Robinson and Vistirin, No. 05. New Bond-street, two doors from
lirook.street. London.

SUPERIOR FOOD FOR CHILDREN, INVAIADS, AND
OTR ERS.

lIOBINSON'S PATESN'iiARLEY, for making sn-
perior Barley Water in ten minutes, and Patent GROATS,
for maktng superior Gruel in ten minutes. The Patentee solicits
attention to the following document:—
(Copy.)
" Apothecaries' Hall, London, Feb. 8, 1826.

" Sir.—l have analyzed your Groats and Barley Powder, which
ynu, having his ,lajesty's Letters Patent for the sole manufacturing
of the astn, propeily denominate • Patent Barley and l'atent
Groats; I have no hesitation in declaring them to be genuine
powders of the finest Barley and Oats I ever saw. 1 consider it a
pubhc advantage, and of great importance in the medical world,
that, by your mode of preparation, a valuable, fine, mucilaginous
beverage and food may be obtained in a few minutes.
" I
have also analyzed some samples—imitations of your articles
—which arc • warranted free front adulteration,' these I pronosnee
to be compositions of different meals, consequently, neither pure
barley water nor oat gruel can be made from them.

". I am, Sir, your obedient servant.
" To Mr. M. Robinson, " IttcitAun CLAUIZZ.
Red Idon.street, Ilolbom."

The above testimonial, from a gentleman who has already ren-
dered the public mach service by exposing various deleterious mix.
turd and adulterations in articles of general consumption, added to
the recommendation of the medical profession, make It unnecessary
for the proprietors to do more than state, that none are genuine
which do not bear the words" Robinson's Patent," 'lle Royal Arms,
and the signature of " 3latts. Robinson."
fle
Sold retail in papers of I lb. and canisters of 21b., by moat res et.
able druggists and grocers in every town throughout the kin doom ;
and wholesaleby the patentee and manufacturers, Matthias bin-
son and Co., No. &4, Red Lion-street, Holborn, London.

TOOTH-ACHE AND EAR-ACHE.
'JERRY'S ESSENCE has received the sanction and
support of the most distinguished personages in the King-
dom, together with the united testimony of the first Physicians in
Europe, and numerous favourable comments in highly respectable
Medical Journals, where it has been declared to be the best
thing ever discovered for the Tooth-ache and Ear-ache." It in-
.tantaneous4 relieves the most excruciating pain, preserves the
Teeth sound and limn, prevents further decay, effectually cures
the Scurvy in the Duty's, fastens loose Teeth, and renders them
'inn and serviceable to the latest period, and effectually pesetas
the Toorh.ache.
Sold in Bottles at la. lid. and 2s. 9d. by Butlers, Chymists, 4.
Cheapside, comer of Bt. Paul's; and 64, Sackville-street, Dublin
Savory and Co., KM, New Ilund.street, and 220, Regent-street ; and
by the principal Medicine l'entlerethroughout the United Kingdom.
Or whom may be had, :MORRIS'S BRUNSWICK CORN
I'I,AISTER, an (salient Remedy for Eradiating Corns,
Rankine ate.
Beisarefel to ask fa " Perry's Essence for the Toolls•osbs."

Also several LEASEHOLD GROUND RENTS, amply se-
cured. and issuing out of 32 dwelling-houses, garden-ground, and
premises; comprising the whole of Ewing's-buildings and Sack.
ville-row, AI ile.end.road, and streets adjacent, together a net rental
of 1401. 4s. per annum.
And the 3EXT PRESENTATION to the RECTORY of
ROC II FORD, near the fashionable IVatering-place, Southend,
with a gond residence and offices, 4!: acres of glebe, the great and
small tithes of the parish, and other emoluments, estimated worth
7001. per annum. The present incumbent about 64 years of age.
-- • • - - - -

Mar be viewed with leave of the tenants, and particulars may be
had till the sale of Messrs. Allison and Hundleby, Freeman's-court,
Cornbill ; at the Auction Mart; sad of Mr. Shuttleworth, N 0.28,
Poul:ry.

PA LAT I N E-HOUSE, STOK E-NEWINGTON.
Household Furniture, Cabinet Pianoforte, Cellar of Choice
Wines, Linen, China, Glass, Greenhouse Pleats, Garden Im-
plements, he.
By Mr. SHUTTLEWOR TB,
On the Premises, near. Went Hackney Church, Stoke-Newington,
on MONDAY NEXT, and following Day. at 11,
MBE genuine HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, Cellar
1 of choice Wines, comprising old port, matieira„ sherry, and
claret of favourite vintages, a grand cabinet pianoforte, an eight
day table dock, china, glass, table and bed linen, greenhouse
plants, melon frames, garden implements, and effects. The
furniture comprises 1-post, tent, and other bedsteads, feather beds
and bedding, window curtains, Brussels and other carpets, an
elegant drawing room suite, mahogany wardrobes and drawers,
dressing tables, dining room tables and chairs a pedestal sideboard,
dressing and ehirroey glasses, rosewood sofa, card, and work
tables, the usual kitchen requisites, an iron garden roller, useful
out-door articles, and miscellaneous effects.

AI sy be viewed on Saturday next, when Catalogues may be had
on the Premises ; and of Mr. Shuttlewoeth, 28, Poultry.

The splendid and unique Dressing-case, and Travelling Chariot,
by Adams, of Joseph Bayne, Esq., costly Furniture, Glass
Ware, China, &e.
It. PH I L l'S respectfully notifies that THIS DAY,
I at I, he shall SUBMIT by AUCTION, at his Great Rooms,
New Bond-street, the singularly elegant and costly DRESSING.
CASE, with the interior apparatus, wholly formed of silver gilt,
richly lied exquisitely chased, fitted to an expensive rosewood case,
mounted in silver and buhl. and lined with crimson velvet; designed
and executed by the late Mr. Love, jeweller, at an expense to Mr.
Rayne of 1.500 guineas. Also a handsome Travelling Chariot,
painted in claret brown and pickediout black, lined with fine cloth,
trimmed with silk lace, C springs, finished in a superior manner
by Adams, and nearly new. An assemblage of superb and elegant
furniture, manufactured in a very superior manner, including a
matchless carved sideboard and set of dining tables, 20 feet by 1:
feet, handsome library table and bookcases, and secretaires, suite
of rosewood and mahogany drawing room tables, four mahogany
ottomans enriched with burnished gold, 30 ditto chairs, sofas and
chaise lounges, consoles and pier tables, noble pier and chimney
glasses, a superb dinner service of French china, and splendid tier-
vice of rich cut glass ware, and magnificent chandeliers formed of
or-molu and rich cut glass. 1 age Turkey vivre, select library of
books and paintings, two gold-mounted fowling-pieces, and miscel-
laneous objects of ornament and value, selected without regard of
expense.
May be viewed, and catalogues descriptive of the above, and also
of the service of plate, had at Mr. Philpes, 73, Bond-meet.

T CLARK'S GENERAL OUTFITTING WARE-
-1 • HOUSE, for the EAST and WEST INDIES and
SOUTH AMERICA, EXETER CHANGE, STRAND.
Officers, Cadets, and Write's' going to India, and Gentlemen
proceeding to South Minden, or any oilier part of the Globe, will
And in this Establishment the whole of their Appointments,
Swords, Caps, Sashes, Belts, and Pistols, &c. together with a
large and well-manufactured stock of Sea Cots, Couches, and Bed.
ding; Cabin M'ash.hand Tables, Chairs, and Lamps ; See Chests,
Mule and Bullock Trunks, and every other description of Travel-
ling Equipage.
An assortment of Canteens, ready fitted with the necessary re.
luisitee for India, and other tropical climates: likewise a great
variety of Silver and Plated Articles, Knives and Forks. suitable
for families going abroad, Military and Hindostance Books
Maps, &c.
A fashionable Stock of Carriage, Curricle, Tandem, Pliseton,
Stanhope, and Chaise flames'', with every description oSaddlery,
&a. &c. for home use, East and West Indies, and South America,
which merit inspection from their quality, first stile of workman-
ship, and moderate prices.
All the Articles in dila Establishment are warranted, and of
emllent plan of fifty year. standing is strictly attended to the
Asking but one Ready Money Price, from which no abatement will
be made.

• . • ' - • • . - . ' " . '
ilt -4404 AtiSik . 't''' '•
' . ' ••••
7/ //7 • ,
7 7 i r -b• , -, (,•'"- 41
.? e ( ,A,Az ii € , --i 4
~. ..
in,
......edra,
-4
-1 lC' I L-t•t._ c. / An, .( • 1 ,
Ti
:'-e-e.' '''. 4, trIS 7•
~,
/
,A / •
cit.:lP:4"; a
• . . ,
i I
r 4
• , 1
- .
1

teen suet-P.9nd. He was not prepared to say, and so fat he age rd
with the Noble Earl opposite, that a state of slavery was absolutely
incompatible with the Christian religion; hut he mast contend
that it was contrary to its spirit and to its genius.--that it was
difficult to conceive • community in the enjoyment of its Merin,
without expelling front its bosom such a pestilence as this green*
of slavery. He objected to the supposition that the abcii-
tionissts sought an inconsiderate, rash manumission ; but though
they did not seek this, they might on very fair grounds desire that
what was a point of duty should not be recommended as a matter
of expediency only. Ile thought their Lordships imperativily
called on to adopt a resolution more consistent with their character.
their dignity, and their responsibility. The resolution before their
Lordships was ill calculated to express the feeling of those who
had approached and addressed them on this subject. He could rot
answer for some of the expressions which. tinder excited feelings.
might have been used in the Colonies, but they should make al.
lostances'for finch, and refer to those rather who had expressed
themselves more deliberately and calmly. Several petitions hod
been presented front men who did not come to 'alb conclusion. :
their peculiar situation in life led them to calculating habits of
mind. and their opinions were therefore rsluable. He had hintself
the honour of presenting one of these from Birmingham. These
men came forward without any 'Merman! motives; they sought
only to obtain for others their rights. He would refer to throe wl'o
moved iu a yet higher sphere of life, and who expressed a strong
and deep feeling on the subject. He alluded to the clergy. It *ma:
with pleasure he could refer so some on the other side of the House,
who had as Much consulted the dignity and welfare of their eitur,,:t
as the feeling due to the'r sacred profession. bj the course they had
adopted. These were individuals.vast likely to lake an im
linei false view of the ditties which 'Christianity prescribed. ft .v
had not come forward on such an occasion they would have to--
sc.ken that high ground on which they were placed by their
portant offices. lie had before referred to the supposition that it
was desired to rashly abolish slavery, which imputation he denicu ;
he would ever) go farther than this. If it was possible putidmiy
to bring the negroes to the same point of religious instruction to
which we had arrived in England, he would say he slionld dunk it
unadvisableto do so. He feared it would terrier the abuse of pus
even more easy than it was at present. The Noble Earl typos:
said Mkt Nye proprietors of the 11-est India Islands had advisor. i
religious Instruction; but he hoped this was not done because it
was considered Christianity erforced obedience to the powers that
are--because it imposed a bond of vassalage: the slaves should
know it would give them higher claims to justice and their rights
as men. lie would not answer for what would be the consequence
of their being' Instructed before thee were freed : they would bacon
alive to their degradations, and be guilty of all sorts of enorroilia,..
He thought the entrusting of these measures to the Colonial As-
sembly pronrised littlesumess. The resistance they had •Iready
made. though it Was not called contumacy, had been such, that if
any of the abolitionists had predlctod it they would have been ac-
cused of uttering a calumny. He thought the wording of the rem.
lotion neither embodied the hello, of the other House, nor of Abs.
community of this empire; and he could not but think their Low-
ships would best consult their dignite if they did not talk of tot-
pediency in regard to such an enormous evil as that under their
considetetion.

Lord FLLENBOROCGIf considered the question to be, should
they effect more good by agreeing to the resolution, or by adopting
a thfrerent course ? He was most anxious that the object of the raw.
lotion should be aUsined ; but he feared they would be unable to
attain it in the manner pmpoped. They had to decide how they mid
most easily, and most practically diminish human misery ; and it op-
prated to him the course they were advised to follow was calculated to
aggtarare it. Bewail ono ble from the statement which had been ma de
to ace thmugh the difficulties which appeared to embarrass this
question; nor did the Noble Earl himself appear to have yseve-
tented them. His Lordship said, if the measures proposed did.
not produce the desired effect—if thee were tejt,cteri by the Cola.
nial Assembly, it would then be for Government to determine what
it should do. Now, he refused to go on blindly ; he thought it
improper to commit the House by the measures before it. without
knowing what it contemplated in future. The Noble Earl opposite
said he had been entirely disappointed that the colonial legislators
had not effected more; but then he said they bad made a large
provision for the clergy, and had shown a praiseworthy disposition
to educate the slaves in the Christian religion. Ile would not tay.
it was, but it might hate been, the object ot the Legialature to bara
made the negroes better slaves by inducing them to become bitter
Christians. It was also possible thst the planters—he meant those
residing in the Colonies—for there was a groat difference to she
made between such as resided there and the residents here
(hear), by coinciding a little with the wishes of Parliament
Wipuld conciliate a powerful party. It did seem to him ob.
suttl to agree with this revolution, with the idea of bencti!mg
tlu.i negro. As an elucidation of his opinion he woult
pose a parallel : if the Noble Earl had seen a man ilitreating fits
horse, and knew that lie had seen the same man commit'Mg the
same offence three years ago, and that he then had gone up to bunt
in a dignified manner, anti represented to him the expedienc4 of
avoiding such a line of conduct, would his Lordship, on witnessing
a repetition of the offence, think it of any avail to repeat Ilia
remonstrance? Would he not rather say, " I shall he laughed
at, possibly abused, and it will be better, therefore, to take the of.
fender before Sir Richard Birnie under Mr. Martin's Act ?" Ho
objected to the resnlotion on precisely this principle—that nothios
so much excited contempt as making a threat without being aisle. to
enforce it. ItLet it not be forgotten too that this resolution sass re-
connaendation to the proprietors of slaves to adopt measures for the
amelioration of their condition. Now a recommendation to the
Bishops to admit the Catholics to a participation in civil rights atutt
privileges would be just as reasonable. It was further supposed
that the expression of public opinion would influence them. rabbi;
opinion might be very effective here ; but how could it be supposed
to operate on a West India planter ? They were not Englishmen
either by residence, by feeling, by education, or by
Public opinion would do there but little ; to effect any consrabie
good they must stretch out the arm of power. its the event of
Government not succeeding in the attainment of its abject, he had
heard it suggested that they might make a powerful appeal to the
Interests of the planters by altering the ditties on sugar. This he
thought could not be earned into effect without entailing gross in.
.imitice on those who might be very ready to agree to what was pro-
posed: Another remedy he had heard was, that Government might
legislate for the Colonies. What form of government would they
adopt ? and who was to administer law in opposition to the feeling of
the planters--law too enacted by Parliament, at such a distance front
the situation in which it was to take effect? These occaired car
him as some of the difficulties Government would have to encounter.

If lie referred to the present period he must observe. that while a
Slave Court existed—while five individuals had the power of hang-
ing whatever slaves they pleased, whether black or white, to talk
of ameliorating their condition was absurd. To talk of relieving
them from occupation on the Sabbath, of abolishing the whip, that
the latter might not offend their sight, and that the former might
contribute to their minor enjoyments--to talk of this while their life
was at stake, appeared to hint to be entertaining an incongruity so
gross as only to require that it should be mentioned to be obviated.
It is impossible to establish any good system for ameliorating the
condition of the slaves, unless the system adopted for the &dun-
nig-ration of justice be made entirely independent of the masters.
Ile did not with to prevent their Lordships from adopting any
measure which they might think proper for no desirable a purpose;
but the difficulty which he hail now stated wart one which could not
possibly he evaded. Their Lordships must consider the circum-
starices of the Colonies before they attempted to legislate for them.
He had received no light from the speech of the Noble Lord to
guide him as to the measures which were to be pursued in case the
Colonies should feel inclined to reject their LiscishapC recommenda-
tion. He would not take the first step without knowing the next.
The situation in which he saw himself placed was one of consider-
able difficulty, because he could not oppose the intentions of the
House in this affair without reluctance, while the circumstances

imperatively called upon him to state his opinion on the point
which he had just mentioned. If he were asked whether he ap-
proved of the measure in its present form, he must soy that he dui
not. The proper course would have been to adopt a new measure
entirely, having some relation to the measure which bad lain dor-
mant for three years, but with a reference to the line of conduct to
be pursued if the recommendation should be made without effect.
Nothing could tend 50 much to the degradation of Parliament,
nothing could tend so much to destroy the respect doe to the legfs.
lature, as a reanlu tint. thus passed, and renewed year after year,
without producing the slightest effect. Under these circumstances
the best way in his bortlehip'sopinion, was, that the petition should.
'be referred Oral Committee of the whole House. In the petition
presented by the Right Rev. Prelate (the Bishop of Bath and Tells
it was said to be hopeless to expect anything from the Colonists
themselves, and it was necessary that this country should act tor
itself.' On this subject, es on many others, tl•e people have clearer
ideas than Parliament; (hear, hear) and there is more difficulty
than is imagined on the pan of the masters. For his part he would
be sorry to disturb any of the intentions of the House which might
tend to the advantage of the slaves in the Colonies.
Lord LIVERPOOL said he felt anxious trimly is few words eon.
cerning the means that were to be used by Parliament in case the
Colonists should refuse to do anything on this recommendation. All
agreed in condemning slavery in she abstract ; all have the satoe
opinion with respect to slavery in the West India islands ; that it
is desirable to mitigate its evils as long as it exists, and to get rid
of it entirely as soon as that becomes practicable. lit under add
these circumstances it has been maintained that we ought to rule
no step in order to accomplish this object. With respect to u s
form of the motion now before their Lordships he had little to say ;
and if their Lordships asked why the Resolution had not been set
to them two or three years ago, when it first passed the House of
Common., he could give no answer but that he did Let know the
reason. In the usual course of parliamentary business he thous,
it should have been sent at that time; but if the delay had gives
the measure a greater chance of soccess, he would not regret the Jr.
regularity. The question was not now whether the Resolution
ought to have been sent to them then, but what was the duty of the
House with regard to the question now before then, % It is impel.
sible to deny that it is a question of immense difficulty.
The first question was, Is it tiesdrahle that the slate of alrivel,
should be ameliorated or not, and that it should be ameliorated
by such measures as should lead to its gradual extinction ?
(hi that there was no difference of opinion t even the Noble Lord
(Lord Ellenborough) did not differ in that respect. If that was
agreed upon, he did not thiak they could differ about the steps to
be taken to put ao end to it. • They would agree with him that this
was to be effected in the first piece by the reboots education of the

Ii

!~

v

l

'4l
11k

~ , 1
1! 1 ,
, ;
4
01.
,
1
