EMPLOYMENT OF rut: IRIS!! PEOPLE.

One of the most difficult, as, it is beyond a doubt, one
of the most important problems which can be submitted to
public consideratin, is that of devising, profitable means
for the employment of the population. In any country,
and at any time, this would be a most interesting question ;
but in Ireland, it is one of the last importance, whether
we consider the amonnt of the population, or their misery,
and consequent turbulence. It is, therefore, with great plea-
sure we find that the pro;7ess of Mr. l'ropper in the South of
Ireland, and the plane which this gentleman has developed,
have been attended with all the success which he or
the friends of Ireland could desire. Ile has been every-
where received with welcome, and resolutions have been
tossed at Cork, Waterford, elennvel, and Limerick, ap-
proving of his plans, and, in a gnat measure, adopting
his sentiments. Without pledging ourselves to all the de-
tails, and, indeed, feeling an objection to some of them,
we heard, with great satisfaction, of the preliminary meet-
ing held yesterday, at the instance of Mr. Cropper. We
attend dl this meeting, and were satisfied by Mr. Cropper,
that if the money could be found, there would be little dif-
ficulty in establishing a cotton manufactory in Ireland.
Mr. Cropper seems to think that there could be no diffi-
culty in obtaining a loan from government at one per cent.
'on a mortgage of the premises, to be raised by a Cotnpany
for carrying on this inanufactury. believe, with Mr.
Cropper, that government is very anxious to devise means
for the employment of the people, and that it would cheer-
fully advance such sums as might be considered necessary
to promote and facilitate such an object. It would be
strange indeed if it were otherwise. England now spends
about five millions a year in the government of Irchotel,
without receiving any return. if it could save any part of
this stint by the loan of three minims. there is no doubt
that it would adopt the latter plan. But then it is a prin-
ciple, we imagine, :or government to let commerce and ma-
nufactures almse, though unfortunately this principle has
been so often violated by England, and indeed by rem
State in Europe, that until lately it can only be found in
the elementary books upon pellucid eeenon.f. lint, with-
out pursuing this subject farther—without stating our im-
pression that it would be giving an unfair advantage to a
new Company over the vested interests of those already in
being, we should be delighted to find that the plan were
taken up by a Joint Stork ('enipany. Without looking to
the ulterior objects of Mr. Cropper. concerning the aboli-
tion of slavery, and the supply of India with lush cottons
f;r her sugars, it is enough for ua to know that lilanches-
ter avid Glasgow find it impossible to supply the demand—
that it andel not be supplied, in short, but for the conflu-
ence of Irish labourers in these and other marts. This cam-
sideration is quite sufficient for demonstrating the necessity
and p ractieability of the scheme. The present opening we
rrArti as auspicious. It depends upon ourselves to take
advantage of it; and at least we should come to resolutioes
declaratory of our cpittions.—Dutlin Evening Peal.

The committee of operative weavers in Glasgow state,
in one of their reports, that according to the estimate of a
well informed man, the value of geniis manufactured in
that city from stolen, materials, is not his than eighty
tltoetsatttl polindt per annum.
Friday the Right Honourable the Lord Mayor ordered
the prison( rs in Ncwga:e, Ludgate, IVhitecrost -street
poison. old die Comp'cr. each to receive one pound of meat,
etc pint of porter, and half a threepenny loaf, for their
Christmas-day's dinner, ill addition to the inereaseil
allow-
rnee of bread, meat, and coals, given by the City of
London.

We understand that the property of the late Miss
Mitchell, of Chichester, nearly twenty thousand pounds, is
likely to cause a Chancery suit, from her having did in-
testate; the claimants hong no nearer than cou,iiis of the
second And third ceneration, one of whom married a person
of the name of Hammond in that city, in a very humble
situation in life.

CAUTION FOR CIIIIIITMAI.--Latlies, let us entreat ye
not to forget the damp and cold nights of this season. Be-
ware of balls and midnight parties,--or rather, if the summer
is whieh qvii them. " A stitch in time saves nine."
Cover your throat, cars, legs, and feet well, before you
tempt the keen blast or cold shower of two o'clock in the
morning. Don't he aahaintsl to draw • pair of worsted
hose over your silk ones, nor blush to wrap yourself up in
a great cont, should your shawl be too ttimsy,—nay, spurn
not a " Iraft,-Ig" when the cock warns you of your
departure from the nierry meeting. These things,—if you
fear death or doctor's bill.—Med/eat :Weiser.
At a wile which recently took place at a gentleman's
hence near Knaresborough„ Mr. Michael Ward, late of the
White Horse, Inn, I nky. bought a han lwane mahogany
desk, for eight guineas. (hi examining the desk after he
got home, he found in a private drawer cash notes to the
amount of lOU which he immediately returned to the
owner, and was presented with an acknowledgment for his
hum sty.

LANS"' C1'0311.2(11, NESS Petiznxer.—On the toth
instant, this celebrated stone, which weighs alxntt thirteen
tons, and which fell from its station on the 19th October.
ISIS, stirring a violent storm of wind, was replaced by the
united and intlrfatiphle exertionn of Lieut. Goldsmith and
Capt. Giddy, with the aid of the materials and machinery
employed about the Logan Rock.—Deron
As William Bray, the ganiekimper of Sir George Womb-
well, of Stowlangtoft, Suftidk, was going his rounds lately,
a hawk passed over him, which he tired at and killed, and
goin:; to pick it up, he can in contact with the wire of a
spring gun, when part of the contents uas hxlgcal in his
g and ancle.
ZiNC l't.nzra eon EVCRAYING.—In Germany at pre-
sent, artists have begun to substitute 7.itlc plates instead of
copper plates, and also instead of stone for engraving's. The
artist draws on the zinc as on atone, and the expense of ti-
graving is thus saved. A !Argo work, bcinr a eollve;latt of
monuments of archiucturr. front zinc plates. has already
apixared at Darmstadt, and is highly spoken of. Tlcyro-
ss is raid to mike the econotcy of lithography trite tic
ciearness of cotper etigravir•;!.
Pent sy slant ast.—A glover of tics city. rarest Walk:r, ran
last week, fee a wager of :/.. fo,:r uso:e% ire 33 roi;:titcs '•
heir:: 1 l'i:•ute IS %.:conda Lsr !!lai
J.: :If.

THE BIM ISH PIIEMS.
