WON D EDITION.
This day is rwhilahad, price Those Shilling.,
TttA DICAL CAUSE. of the pre+ent Dis-
Vresies of the WEST INDIA YLANTERS. The
Scared Edit
reins Npft Uct. Uildervalnei Cojetibil
easiess, we find Ind bluff in the Reseal leampliteil which dues
Out aseimaud our .eiplicit assedi. indeed there is ma re-
markabie atuiucideucr &tweets litid'iriewe of the wallject,
and there advanced Muer Ganser ?isieliberi 41W wa dam Out
egprei oar whole upiaiva of Mr. lipmce's merits, lest we
'night he accused of indirectly extolls% our 0,1:W174MP.
btargh 'Review, .No. XXVI. p- 181.
Printed for T. Cadtell and W. Davies, /tai •
Of whom may be had, !lady published ga: ,
by Ibis isms
.latbur,
1. AHRICULTERE the hOURCE of the WEALTH of
iIIRITAIN. The Steol.4 Editiou, price 3a. 6d.
In this Work the strange milconceptions relative to thus
object of Britain, independmit of Connorree, are rectified;
its positions enforced by new facts sad argument% and a re-
frreure to the prr,iltely similar eilleiellf+ of Dr. Franklin,
)Jr. !Warthog, Sic and domestic %nem:down are penned
out fur all the ititlmrtant Article* (weir' trade.
z. Pitl.l.4lb INDL PENDENT of COM MERCE.
Nistb Edition, price us.

Lately published, in Two Volumes, price U. atwed,
AItIANNA; or AI()DERN MAMiERS:
A NOVEL.
Printed fur T. Cade!! need W. Davies, Stroud.
" The object of this Narrative, as the nuttier niftiness us,
is to prevent a skt tete tit the manners of the day, end yet
to avoid all personality; to 'elegize the viers and follies
which appear, without making the work the secret vehicle of
licau4al, or the concealed iminenicut of priests make.
This design is accompludied eth considerable select's. The
imxperienced reader will Mere meet with devereptions of
dienuers and prat tiers, which, iii being thus made acquaietetl
with them, be will he enabled to avoid; while those who are
immerged in the ocean of dissipation, east what is tailed
Grluninabie life, may litare discern the bad to /racy of their
coaduct. From this Novel, therefor*, instruction may be
gained • while the pleasing mew er iu which the tale is am.
estod, casing fail to make A iiiterestiog to the reader."
ustlilylletvitw, February Islip.
The. day es published, juice 111. Nu. XVIII. of
THL LOIN liUkititi MEDICAL awl
GICAL JOURNAL exhibiting a concise Virg of
the Islet/ a‘ml wont Auptittelit Discuveries hi Medicine, &u-
-ser', and Pharionry --rusPublislivil quarterly.
Printed fur Arch.halli Comstelde and Cu. Falnibtirtth end
rneettlele. liuutar, Park. :nail Itenter, 10, Ludgaiootrurt,
Leaden. Where may be had
I taekalinburgh Medical and Jurgicel Journal, Nos. I. to
XVIII. price 41. OD. sewed.

INTRODUCTION TO .TIIF STUDY OF EX ri:AN L-
OVA MSS! LIL
Just published, to owe vol. emu. prier os hoards.
OUTLIN ES of otos ATTEMPT too enotolibis
Knowledge of EXTE.UNEOUS FOSSILS, on Scien-
tific Principles
By MILIAM 11ARTIN, F.l-3.
" Flumes contemplatin inultiplicent babel usum, snot
in-
star nutiiintwoui memos:Amos pax de prirteritis Rluhi tiostri
fibs testanlor, obi ointitti silent 1110111.111W1114 historia."—
'DRUM A
Sold by the Author. Buxton; f•jJ Whits aodCn. Fleet-
street;- and Larsson sod Co. Pateraannwroi N
Lately was publialitd, in vocal ovo. pr/N1 tro.
elemmtly printed by Rowley, with a Sawhorse terse Ge.
uealaTical
t CONN ECTED SEItIES of NOTES,
ill.. on the CIIIEF REYOLUTIONS of the PRINI•1-
PAL STATF.S which composed the EMPIRF: CHAR-
LEM AG :it E, front his Coronation to su, to its dissolution
ro t on the Genealogies of the Imperial house of Haps-
hu eh, and of the Six Secular Eh:elms of t;erinnity ; and ots
Ronan, German. French., and English Nubility.
1;:t CHARLES BUTLER, Esq.
Printed for J. White and Co. Hurter 's-Head, Fleet-street.
.` Mr Roth., orients and prominently eahibite only those
points soil events front which important c.ronioroces have
&bowed; but, while the result of successful researches are

Blom cmounnicat il, sod the investigations sad coalmen.-
sits winch have led to them are omitted, the mast approved
works m whirh tl ey occur are poiuted oat at every atep,..-
The accurate sod distinct Geographical statements with
which sr are tom-died in this rotator, equally challenge
prow with the Ilk I op coons Mawr:cal notices which they d-
im, r.te awl t.of d..a rust mei its tif the present performance
bear the iinprif.lo4 of the Author's Professional habits;
the reader finds 'brought before him all the primer parties •
aeir rteseripti.ins are set Gatb--their pedigrees dedocit
their pusstssions delirtetheir tesare traced to deoreat,
great, or parchase-atheir civil or spiritual relatives dera
loval—aail the oloctriiwis and iroc.iiits, feudal rod
.which goeerned the air, sp,ilieJ to their trawinettusis,7a.
>To Mil. Re% iew, Nov. tan).
Of the same puhliAlien may he had, uniformly printed'
with the above, ilea Bdtler's lIQR,E ath edi-
ti,.A. "310 I.l{ 'WIMP
lir. Batter's 1101{.1: JU DICLE, tnt'erlition, (es hmols
This tureutifally orfaied by '

...as day is 111,1,1044 A - ly pew_ 3
Villa. copy aim illustrated with and
a View al:ono:1,11111, price 45/.
revised and corrected, of
IEIIOIILS of CI) LINT GRAM
By Ceitat ANTONY HAMILTON.
Translated from the Freuch. With Notes god Illustratioas,
by the tate Isaac Bred, not
Printed furl. White wed Co., Flert.street ; andLintgaran,
Hurst, Rem, awl trow, Paternoster-row.
Of these lively and interartiog Meavoins in which," with
as essy and earrinitc pciocit, the Authn; has petaled the
chief Characters likr the Coact of Charles the Neeusid, as they
were With grad truth and spirit dirtirrilicill to hint Is, Count
IGrartruout," an Edition is here offered, milord and entlwt-
Imbed in a style of elezame suitable to their merit, and is
• f wore convenient than any in which they have hitherto
appeai ed. The Triiiiiitation one hero carefully revised, sail
a few radii' bare been wade to the Notes, tend's, to
throw light urns such tosligaitl, as had escaped the notice of
tire former eat Bela a tttttt tutor rives the extreme scarcity
and high price of Illy last Editing), the Proprietors feel ems
6denl, that Ito in sent will nici t with a favourable reception
from the Politic
a

flint doy a pulalsaliml, it 4 lon. prier It. Stk. to
New Edition of •
LIERMIINS ON 1/IL FEItENT SUBJECTS.
075 By the late Rev. JOHN JORTIN, D.D.
Archdeacon of butriksts, Rector oat. thrnotas'a is As Zest,
uul Virar of Kenohartoo.
To winch are added, by the woe Anther,
The DIIPCTIONE of a Iit'TVRZ MTH. as It 11147
he collected heat the otd T.,0 swot ; sod roar Marrs to
the Clem of the Arelooleacoory.
Primed R.r J. Whore ond Co I'lert.streot Lononnos,
Hurst, Refs, nod Orme. Paternoster-row ; F. C. and J.
22006 m, St. Moore burch-yard. Vernon, Hand, and Sharpe,
Pewter, ; and F. 11 inviter, Stpuul.
Older same Publosho ro may be had, uniformly Fisted with
I hr *Moe,
UR *MITI N'S DISCOURSES CONCERNING the
TRUTH of rise CERISTIAN RELIGION ; awl RE-
X AIMS is Ecci.F.siAsTicAL iiisToky, res. it4s.
Ada, old bin LI FE of ERASMUS, 9 v :16S 1.1 boards : and
in :any seat *ill he published, in one colorer, DR. JOR-
TIN.% MX DISSERTATIONS. With this, which will
cutoplalle the present eolith.' of his Work., will ha shore, a net
4,4 f gesotal Wien, to bruit up the *hole uniformly.

w.

MONEY DIRECTLY.
MONEY advsorrrl dirrrtly, ou Bills, Notes or
!bind, or by Annuity. and on all sorts of real or
approved Personal Security. Thum who Irish to itscresse their
Portents, may always fond Secnrit its at this Odic', us vsbkli
they may lay mot their money stry Advantageously.
Apply to Messrs Warren and Cu. (on the first floor), al
10. Villiers stall, Strand.
Leiters, post pall, duty answeriA. Ladies of boon n roe-
tsar and Character, whether Single ue Altar.iul, urns be
egaaUJ arcounnuslatid.

FROM Pill LISA " CAETVE.
MAt U.

JON Of ataIISHAL SOU LT, TO THE
IPOILTUIN FIE, WITH IREMAILICII.
toman_Wlle• Witte Weelovable esicceasi% Obtained by
y Hib Majesty the Emperor sod &lug, toy attest
tat I Tin appeeteeit yolir territory, to take pelmet-
- .he *b it, in the louse allay roaster."
When the French before, in the month of Fe-
brisary last, ventured to paw the Minho, they in
like manner issued a paper with the ridieutrus title
of Proclamation ; they were, however defeated,
and panned to the frontiers of another province,
snore open, and where he hoped to encounter fewer
obstacles.4—They are mistaken, they will meet with
a barrier of brass—they may occupy some small
pert of the frontier country ; but all incessant and
relentless war shall make them abandon their en.
tarprize ; the whole of the country they can never
conquer.
" I do mot, therefore, expect that I shall tweet with say
rceiatioicr, bit Ostler mayactr 1 shall be received with the
lame cordiality with which we were received little wore than
• year 1160."
We received the French well iii November, 1807,
because his Royal Highness expressly commanders
it, and it was never expected that they would prove
so creel and rapacious as we found them. Spain
likewise then mode common twine with the
French'. Hors not Marshal Sunk know how we
were treated by Jusiot, who trampled on our in-
dependence and out constitution ; made slaves
of our youth, violated our women, defaced the
Mugs* of our saints. What horror! what des-
peration ! And can he Satter himself we will
receive him cordially ? Ali! had such u proposi-
tiow heels made to our ancestors, what fury would
have possessed their sands. Our utigiibours in
their MISTS against us ever advanced and relied on
sonic equivocal rights of succession ; and duoug
the eight centuries our Nlomuchy hue lasted, no
insolent stranger hos ever dared to say to us, 1 wish'
to be Lord of your Kingdom), receive us cordially.
But it was reserved for the present age to see and
hear monstrous extravagances of every kind.
" What effort caa resistance have ! What can you pre-
pare to yottreelves, shell all those arraire which frciiay hod
asseutbleti Sc Spain are destroyed r

This is n great falsehood ; the same armies exist
which dal exist; and if they did rat, why, after
having entered Madrid more than three mouths
ago, have you nut been able to advance either to
Castello-Branco or to &deka ? Besides, do you
not kiwis' that Portugul contain* three millions of
hiliabitants, and consequently 600,000 men ca-
petite of bearing arms, and all willing and eager to
:war them. Perhaps you imagine we lime not
arms; hut we have considerable quantities, mud our
Govertiment has no doubt uplifted to England
for more. Perhaps you think that our armies
are separated, and cannot be united. This might
have beeu the case under the old system, but cm -
tainly is not under the new; we have considered,
and are aware of the necessity of uniting our forces,
or ut least making them act in concert.
" That English army *hitt wads its appearance on the
Coutiatut may to foment the spirit of disorder and rebeltiva,
and indict all kinds of calamities, has been defeated, and
forced to embeds fur England, after hash % lest sate-lialf of
its soldier., its beat Geaerals, all its allOallaibaa. its horses
and haggae."
We are weary of so inuch repetition with respect
to the English army. Bessieres, iu Junaary, said.
that the English had lost 10,000 men ; and Stroll
says they lost 17,500, the half of 35,000, of which
the army of General Moore at lino isitisisted ; ue
shall no doubt soon 1w teld that all the English
were killed or taken, and not a single man re-tin-
barked. The French should know that several
British divisions are already .downilmirking in the
Tagus, and that more are expected; and, as
the British Cabinet knows that its first interest
is the interest of the peninsula, it is greatly
to lw hoped that a British force will land in the
t: Asturias, and, joioing these valiant mountaineers,
agree/oil to take Ferrol mud Comma, and attack the
of Souls.likewiselt willikewisebe very pro-
irctielt England should send efFeacioossuccours
'OW Cambium, to reconquer Barcelona, because
*at place remaining iu the power of the enemy,
greatly impedes the operations of the Patriots to
SW South of Spain.
" Portuguese is the' name of His Majesty the Emperor
Sod Kiag NalfUZ4la.
I offer you that peace kids you your-
eifreßluwe driven from your country." +s
Yee come to offer us peace I With whom then
emigre at war, bet with you ? We were at peace
what your arrival caused war. Your proposal
is self-contradictory. Tile peace we seek must be
morapatible with the sacred rights and honour of
sir august Soveteigre and with our national inde-
pendence. Do not change the meaning of wools;
whet you offer us is slavery and not rect.. You
propose that we should be quiet and suffer you to
seise without resistance the Government of the na-
tion ; this is truly a very extraordinary IllaUller of
heating for peace.
er I ogee yea protections for yourselves sad your property,.
sad /sr your religion, and the Ministers of that religion.
Napoleon, in this manner, offered to protect our
property fur a contribution of en millions of' ClUZA-
odors ; and M. Jimot increased this favour by dis-
tributiog it iii such a misuser as to produce 80.—
The saute Jutsot protected the plate mid gold in
*e churches, taking only the sacred utensil* ne-
cessary fur your deleuee; he was likewise willing
*divest religion of the superstitious b., which it
etasdisltsntoured; im other words, like Julian the
Apostate, to reduce it to that ridiculous simplicity,
effsich must resider it contemptible.
I offer yea, besides, an entire oblivion of the past, sad
IS more that yea shall receive the ekassacy of His Ma-
.}al/ the Emperor."
Clenteney from a man entirely a stranger to us,
and from so vindictive and ferocious a tyrant. It
is not possible either to wish it, or to hope it.
" Yon shall enjoy the beisellt of the sublime lastitatioss
of the same envoi Sovereign. It will tw easy fur me to
deliver %MB from the calamities which you cannot dray this
you emitter, rad assuage the evils which you have solfeetet.
if I arrange vote administrations, and urgamire anew the
Portegacse army."
We have experietiei d the sublime government of
your august Friend, and Lord proteet u. froin it!
Of our calamitie4, you are the cause; for Portugal
was rich and flourishing before your fatal arrival.
Your presence, far front ussuaging, would moat
miserably aggravate our evils. Our adiniundratieue
and our armies are already organised; and it Would
be the last of degradations to suffer yuur got cru-
meet again to dieergetiew them absolutely.
o There are moon you citizen' whose intentio' 'have
ever been pure, sad wee ongbt sow to e‘ereise their in/a-

•
rime to promote die re.establisl.inent of good order ....They
fluty be assured, their services wilt be well r.ceived, sod that
the most efficacious protection will be afforded them, what-
ever their situation, whether is the army, the /date, Of this
church."
If Marshal Soult means by these pure citizens
any partizans of the French Gorerumuit, they sire
a dreadful disgrace to their country. to say no more.
" kedeet, Poitugucce, on your sitnatiou."
It is the best way in the world fur defending our-
selves against onr enemies.
" .toad consider well these parrot's offers while it is time
but let year submission be prompt and sinuar, if pin
wish to avoid the evils from which 1 wothl save yon."
And so it is only for our good that you came from
Poland, to our distant country. Whet exalted
charity ; you are a new St. Friniciw lint the ri-
diculous custom which begun at the revolution, still
continue*. by which the modern French profess and
write the ilirttct contrary to whet they penciller.
" And runt country shall be made to shiuc with a new
splendowe "
No doubt, by causing Beira, Alta, and Algerve,
to produce some new Camoens. lest brilliancy,
we believe, will suit us better.
(Signed) The Mondial Duke of DA I.MATI
General Is Chief of the star
