PETITIONS KELATIVF. TO TIDE QUEF.N

Sir Wss. LEMON presented a Petition from a
Borough so the county of Cornwall, complaining of
the proceeding against the Quern, and praying the
Meuse to adopt the most effectual measures for
procuring the restoration of all her rights and privi-
legvs.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEVILL presented a Petition, signed by
1,700 luliabitanis of the City of York, adopted at
a meeting at which the Lord Mayor of that city
presided. It prayed fur the restitution of the Queen
to all her rights and privileges, and for the iin-
peachment of Miiinters fur having supported
the oeforious Milan Commi.sion.—Ordered to be
printed.
Mr.JAME.II presented a Petition, signed by above
one thoooo,of Infourants of the City of Carlisle,
propog that the House would take measures to
;procure the insertion of the Queen's name in the
Liturgy, and would am longer continue to repose
confidence ut throe Ministers who had adv.:veil the
adoption of the late tuoitstrous and unconstitutional
proceedings against her.—Ordered to be whole d.
Mr. Denison said lie had a Petition to ;present
from the Ship Caulkers .rif the Port of London.
iii thy Parishes of St. Mary. Irtotherhithe ; Ber-
mondsey ; St. Nicholas and St. Paul, Deptford,
vinaslar m it• pray r to the others which had been
pre.rtited. In his judgment a more impolotic,
wise. slid unjust measure thin the erasure of her
:Majesty's mime from the Liturgy, never was adopt-
ed ; and he felt convioced that the peace of the
country would never be rsstorcd but by replacing it.
The Pelit 00000 was then read, and on the motion
for printing it—
Sir E. KNATCHOULf. rose and objected to the
printing of these Petitions. lie grounded his objet.
lion on the principle of economy.—(Near. hear,
wed laughter.)—lie thought. at a nine when it
was necessary that the strictest ceoitoniv should be
enforced in every branch of the public repentlia
tore. it could hardly be thought exrdient that the
country should be burdened with the expense of
prititiog every ['ebb tttt of this sort, numerous as
they were how become.

Lketson said, that although he perfertly
criararrett la rill that had fallen trout the Hon.
Member upposste, regarding the 111'i:roily of ten..
nasty in the public expenditure, yet he could see
no reason why the sentiments of that part or his
c,obtitocolo. ohu had signed this Petition, should
not enjoy the saute advantages of publicity which
were exteodcd to others of like nature.
Lord Mwrox said, it gave him particular satis-

orients and universal suffrage, yet he was conviue,,,,,,.
of the uece►sity of a moderate Reform. very
Ordered to he printed. +e uas

Mr. W. WILLIAMS presented a similar Petitil:
rived by about Y,OOO Inhabitants of the Pariskm:C.
Lauda th. IP ILI
Sie It. Ftactusote presented -Petitions of !evrty
sonic dtscription from the Royal Burghs of Kit fir"
bum, Culross, and Iliarmisland. ''"d
the
Mr. SYKES presented a Petition from the Lati,h,c,
holtleis of the parish of Cottingliam, in the cousreeia
of York, on the subject of the agricultural dloYur
trevses, which he wished particularly to peg the
on tlie attention of the House. The Ifonourat4 b'S
Member stated, that the petitioners were ctiCe7;
vating their lands at a ruinous Its'. In the Spec Ain.
from the Throne nothing had been said of thequi-
dit.tresses. Ministris hod put into the mouth u the
the King an expression of gratification at the
crewed prosperity of some branches of coininei4.l.‘t
and manufactures. He should be very glad to anal ,
such an improvement, but he could inert with 4';'.'"
mall out of that House alio believed a word of '""
These petitioners prayed for the dirtuis!al of
Majesty's Ministers, sod he was convinced ti were
nine-tenths of the people of Eugland joined in Gnu-
wish. Much had been said in the lost Session

Parliament about the folly and intrchief of ton with
portion of the people, but what folly or issiscf"re..t.,":;
could equal that of the proceedings which It 1,.„K
been canted ou against the Queen; prociginti
which tended to degrade the ftoysl arr the
which were nursed by folly, supported by perjuti':;grid'
and died in disgrace.
Lind
The Petition was ordered to be printed. iy of
Mr. ,11derman Woon presented Petitions fiches.
the' IVards of Farrsii,gdon and of fitshopsso
praying for the insertion of the. Queen's tiattw M,.
the Liturgy, and for the restitution of all 13"'
rights and privileges.—Ordered to be printed.
Mr. fiontiousa said he held in his lute) sot
additional cominratsties on the insertion made "
the Noble Lord opposite the oilier night, of the opinion.binet
She people being roused iu favour of Ministers. The d s.j.
was a l'etitioo from the Inhabitants of the Parish of
at
,r
Geoagi., Haoover.square. It 'would tie proper to siboceii:h.
that the muck loyalists, as they might very properly
j.
termed, of that parish, had end uuuuu red to get op • taint Ad_
loyal Petition, which, after it had lei. for s;gioatiire fesr 1.
shy., had been segued by uuly 415 perms., while that vrt4
be held iii his basil had received MINTS' thousand silt' 80;.:
turn in the course of trot hours. It forayed fie the mart
.—Tur
bon of the %lorries name to the mid fur a Reforard
Parliainenthe second Petition was from the hookbaulin
nt
of the Cities of London and Westminster, and was a ais' the s'its`u7
nature—fie third Petition ha bad to preseat was from t.IA
I alsabit•uts of Langport, w bids prayed fur the rest°, ationA,a.,.
the Queen to all her rights and privilege..' sod Ow fur as
laity into the atrocities cnnisuittrd at Manchester, iter-
yet remained onisq•ired into.—(Hedr, hear )—He had •
a fourth Petition from the lnhabitauts.of Sidspuuth, prayi S„.
fur a cedes-as of the Queer's grievances, and tee the if"
missal of his Majesty's Minister.. He had been instrurdwi.er
byte persons.who placed these Petitions in his handily his
urge them as strongly as he cousW epos the atwokierstioa

With respect to the ermine of Ilse Ctneen's waste
. the Litergy he wished to have bet owe word with dr
os. and hammed Measlier for Gusitlford. *le' thought P'
Atoned Cerosteusas had token 'an ii-robetime view of
onAject whew he treated it me &Jen' questies.—("Ni
freaks Nr. jeautt Otidlino,Nsiki cries of "Raw,

He thought that she 'Legunsal Gr.lkw said 'the ether

melt Chet he took a legal view of the nostiers. Bat Omagh
,f..'!.-..7it might tfetrtratt yol•wasnhiooll.
,•, for Parliament to initial? into its expediesty as a eseamere
4 • of State. They still would have to invitee how far it was
e.xpedical that preen 'herald he perished before coavic.
• nun furcb.rgee Which Mould wt 'be made out to the sans.
•A ve. • factious of those before whom they 'were tried. With respect
to the prayer fee patter., it asiglitbe'eseeldered ti elm*
to persons as not properly ertancescil stilth the Miser aiskieet
the Petition ; bet So him it append, that they might now
4
'be eery girl); ciensidered I. counexiia. Poe altliottgb it had
' been 'Me cositinded that the people of Eastand, if not
.. directly, west it-least eh-malty represented is that Hour,
, and that Ilieseturi let that Hoes! the °pintoes of tie artistry
4 ..,
2, were fairly expreisid, yet, the Noble Earl at the head of
the Goverawiest merited to hive adopted a different Mew iif
the *object; for tiortrltbstaading be had persevered
iaYoh-
t loriag tip the prearediige 'drains* the Qom*, contrary to
• she deekrieStopialost of that House, whets beabandoned the
joy, ; Bill, he shred that be did so in caliphate, with the opiates
p.",eig„„l I ~:wf Hie of Ragland. It therefore followed, that iu the
• imistiooP7r.. Noble Earl that House did not speak the seu•
1.;11fr4 or Ai people of Eaglasid. With respect to the dim.
, niiesaf of *Widen, there cooled be no hereof their removal
• J... • • Ihm by petitioning. It formerly was a rule, that whenever
c. libey could not carry any meagre, the Ministers should re.
tire from °Bee ; bat such was not the practice of modern
times. Whatever failures the present Ministers committed,
whatever defeats they sustained, still they adhered to their
'offices. He remembered very well, although he was nut
e.:a item in Pseliament, that they staked their places on the cuts-
ti I the Property Tax, they were defeated in their
• attempt, but they retained their places notwithstanding;
end he was convinced that they felt so secure et • strong
and steady support from -some other quarter, that in spite
ni every obstacle they were determined to retain them to
the last. ludeed he should not be surprised if an attempt
were made to secure the inheritance tat their heirs, admi-
nistrators, and assignees.

Mr. Serjeant OtteLefie' said, that the doctrine
imputed to him by the Hon. Member for West-
minster, was too •beard fur any bet an idiot to hold; and he
had guarded hithaelf against being so misunderstood, by es-
meaty stating that be did not menu to give a legal opinion
tin the question.
Mr. 1401111101.162 mid, he never supposed the Learned
Gentleman to be an idiot —(Order, oreffer.Y,--He was the
lest man in the world to soy any thing its disparagement to
the Hen. Member.
The Pentioos were then ordered to be printed.
Mr. FYSIIR PALMER permuted u Petition from
some place in the comity of Berko, praying the se.
riot's attention of the House to the lamming distress of
•gricahnoe, and that they would adopt measures fur re-
storing the Queen to all her rights and privileges.—Also a
Petition from 1,300 of the Inhabitants of Readier, regret.
ing the proceedings against the Cuero, and praying the
House to withdraw its confidence from the Minister', and
to reject any new proceedings against the ilmon ; and to
reform the system of repreoeutstion.
Sir W. DE CRESPIGNT presented a Petition from the
Parish of Welton, 'Hatinpstrad, iso the county of Devon,
expressing dissatisfaction at the stale of public alfairs and
the present eyeless of Administration.
Mr. MACPHERSON GRANT presented a Petition from
the Royal Burgh of Wick.
Mr. DENatan presented a Petition from the
Towo of Nottingitain„ praying the Hoene would pe-
tition the Kong fee the re.turation of the Qreen's name to the
Liturgy ; that a Royal Palace might be given to her for her
residence; that she may be reinstated In all her rights; aid
fur the punishment of those who had conspired to prefer
charges ag cost her, supported by the. perjured testimony of
britoed nut suborned witnesses; and also dolt the House
Ismail not grant any supplies until their request be complied
itti —( Rear, hear )
The above Petitious were all ordered to be printed.
Mr. BIRCH presented a similar Petition from •Not-
tinhorn.
Mr. MARTIN, of Galosy, complisioed of vogue
charges of conspiracy, bribery, corruption, and
mibornation of perjury being mode organist Minis-
ters, and the persons connected with the Milan Commission.
He cook! make full allowance 'for a person in the situation
of her Majesty's Solicitor-General, who might have particu-
lar views of the case, and he gave the Learned Gentleman
full credit for the sincerity and honourable nature of his
feelings—bat be could Out make the slate allowances for
others.
Mr. DESNA, did not fcel that any apology was
(I Ile to the House on his account. Mint he had
repressed was the language of the Petitioners. and
not his own: he had not expressed one word of his
own on the subject, soul was not answerable for
titat contained in the Petition. It was a mistake,
however, to describe the Petition us one which
charged the Gentlemen nu the other side of the
I loupe with conoloiraev mud subornation of perjury.
The Petitioners merely stated their belief that eon-
s:ileac), did exist. and prayed She Mane to inquire
tilt whom or front what parties it had originated.
11'hether that was his own opinion or not, he hail
rot declared ; nor did lie think the present a pror.er
time for so doing, though he trusted t hut the time
' '

L

would come for i:zotnintition into that subject.

Mr. R. MARTIN said, that no Gentleman in the
Ifoube ought to be so well qualified to refute iinv
charges sat conspiracy or subornation of perjury, as
rittplall to Ministers, as the Mu. and Learned
trientlesuan who had
.111.4 sat down.

Tile Petition was ordered in be printed.
Mr. L. Kscc prerented a Petition from Houck-
3•t, Leicestershire, deprecating the c Wet of
liiiiiniters with reiloct to the Queen. in the emit-
-I.!irdiment of the Won Cuinino.sion, the ion
hrr 111101 e from the Liturgy, mill prioccultott
ri•rriz•ti tin ngstost. her. They nrnyrd the rrainra-
i:a4 !o her Nlajeoy of a!! her lighti,asol
Q.iren Cuo,ort ; that the would
otitis!). Itself, %,111 ali possible promptitude. to the
i!:•trestrii of nerictOture 811 d Collllllell'e tthn h pre-
vadtet throughout the country.—Orderid to be
printed.

Mr. P. MOORE presented st similar Petition from
Monmouth ; also another Petittoo from the woe,.
liio Lodge Society of Odd Fellows, Ur the same
place.—Tise former Petition was ordered to be
printed ; the latter war withdrewsi for the present,
•i* to give time to the Howe In ascertain if it would
1 PAr. •• , Ise regtd.sr to receive N Prillam of such a character
- ' as In the title of the body assumed by the sob-
a aCrilketa.
r 7 —•- Mr. LLOYD presented a similar Petition from
•:.4. i. .... :. i 'New Stiorehant.—Ordered to be printed.
"" Mr. Herrncore • presented a similar Perak,*
• '.. • from the People of Boston, its the County of
• Lincoln. The Hut:. Member noltled Ins hopes •f
• a weedy terininatithi to the strife and animosity
• - • which .had' been etcited by that moat odious sub_
. jece, so dishonouring to the dignity of the Crown,
and so repugnant to the feelings of the people.
Ile felt sore tliat no measure of conciliation would
he better received by the country. or tend more
directly end effectually to tranquillise it, as the

• II •

lf • *1•

I Y. O.

restoration of all her Majesty's rights -speedily and
willingly surronderod to her.
The Pititiani wse °Meted to be printed.
• Mr. 51101fTWIPOD liptleated a similar Petition
'from Margate. to *Klett fie gave cordial sup.
port. He • hoped that the prayer of the Petition
would be attended. tos lest the iseople should be
confirmed in an opinion, very prevalent at present,
that the House of Commons 1114 not represent the
people.—Ordered to be printed.
The Hoii. Member had another to present, which
was dated from a Lodge in the same place. whether
of Freemasons or not he could not undertake to
say, which stated the app►eltrnsions of the Peti-
notices that the lase proceedings *soloist her Ma.
jeaty had originated in a foreign conspiracy. This
l'et►tion he felt it his duty to present, notwith.
standing what had beets arged by the Him. Member
nutter the gallery (Mr. It. Martin.)
The SPEAKER suggested that it might be ad•
visable for the Hon. Member to withdraw this Peti-
tion, outs' the fair of another which haul been pre-
sented that evening from a society held at ■ lodge
(concer • g which it was questionable whether or
not the House could receive it all. us the (bow
could not be supposed cognizant of any such places
or assemblies) should be determined. ►f no ab.
jection existed to receiving the Petiti (((( now offered,
there could be Ito reason for postponing the recep-
tion of flat which had been already prevented.
Mr. HonYwOdo offered to withdraw the Pe.

Mr. Tt minim said, if he nnderstood the Speaker,
there could be no nece►sity for the Rao. Member to
withdraw the Petition altogether. All that was re-
qusated was a little delay in presenting it, to enable
the House to ascertain if any objections exuded
in point of form, to ►eceiring Petitions of such a
character. It was certain that Pent ttttt s Were not
receivable from such societies, when they subscrib-
ed themselves as such by means of a corporate seal,
accompanied by the signature of the Chairman
only ; but ►t was not so certain that a number of
persons subscribing their names to a Petition, signed
`at • lodge so- any other place (1,.r that could be of
very little consequence). were not entitled to have
their Petitions heard and considered.
The Petition was withdrawn.

Lord A LTHORP presented a similar Petition from
Wellingborough, maid*, r„. Kettering, and a
third from Daventry.—Received, and ordered to be
printed.
Colonel DAVIE/ presented a +in►ilar Petition
from Pollard.

Mr. H. G. BEN wirrr presented a similar Petition
from Ludlow.—Ordered to he prilitrd.
Lord STAN I. EY presented a Peliiinst from the
Inhabitants of Chorlev, iu Lancashire, praying that
the House would trite measurer for plicing her
Majesty in the fell and unqualified enjoyment of
all her rights and dignifies. His Lordship express.
ed his entire concurrence with the prayer of the Pe.
tilion. He presented another Petitino. numerously
signed, front the Inhabitants of Manchester; also
another front Coloe, in the Couuty Palatine of
Lancaster.—The Petitions were ordered to be
Mr. Nlowcii presented Petitions from Wontsge
and several other towns hi Berkshire.—Laid on the
table.

Mr. HUME presented • similar Petition from
Brecon.

Mr. KENNEDY presented various similar Peti-
tions from the County of Ayr. He took that op-
portunity of putting r question to ally of the Mi-
nisters of his Majesty'. Government respecting the
office of Lord Registrar of Scotland, vacant by the
death of a late Member of that House. He wished
to know if it was the intention of Government to
fill up the vacancy
Lord CASTLEREAGH declined giving any answer,
as it was a question he was nut prepared fur, and
the office had no connexion with his deportmei.t.
Mr. HosatsioN gave some explanalion, in which
he referred to the Act of 1817 for the regulation
of offices of the character of the one in question.
Mr. KENNEDY, as WC understood him, obs-rved,
that he was swore of the regulattoas of the Act of
1817. but the conduct of Mongers hid nut slitWil
ally willingness to be controlled by it.
The Petitions front Irvine and Kilmarnock were
then brought up slid 140 on the tilde.
Similar Petitions were presented by Sir C. Cole
from Swait•en; Mr. Byrn; limn the Siiip Owners of
the Port of London ; St. Leonard's, Shorediteli ; St.
Botolpli ; the Comproy of Shipwrights and Block-
makers; the Parishea of Hammersmith and Belt.
url Greeti.—Ortlered to be printed.
Sir R. WILSON presented a similar Petition
slgned by Q•JOt) from a v, re respectable body of
men, the Spanish L.arther Morocco Dressers, and
other branches of that traste.—/ Lung/der. )—II
was true that lite subscribers were tertian's* ; but they
were respectable, loyal, large payers of taxes, and
as much entitled to be hearth us the Alderman' of a
(lore boron;o.—(lleirr, hear.)—The one and it.
telligence of the Petition were worthy of attention.
The petitioners expressed their detestation of the
late pioceedings against her Majesty, the erasure
of her name from the Liturgy, which they consi-
dered us an outrage ulnnl jutilicr. introAril to
brand her Majesty with which should coal•
pet her to lite ail relic., sir if she r,ool yeti to retorts,
to Wills!' lief at she bar ..f Public opillinal St one
already degraded. 'They !mortised that political
inorleeolence should hive brood its way even
into the temples a here Religion and her kin-
dred charities ought only to preshlr. Various
bid hero the arguments made ore i.f is defence of that mea-
sure. The Chancellor of the Exchequer bad expressed a
hope that 1114, T1(.1111011, when, Cre agitated, would he discuss-
ed ass legal mid cuostitsitional question only. The Noble
Lord opposite, however, peiliaps betrayed by his official
haled,. had let the eat mint of the hag, declaring that if the
House should resolve to address the Throne fur the mama-
time of her Majesty's Wattle to the Liturgy, Minisseas would
be nu parties to any such proceeding, thus making the ques-
tion nothing bat issue of party, staking their placer us the
Wise .4 centrist:on, and huldnix out a menace to all their
place.hulders and squires in that Mose to deter them Is
moppoi ling the measure. The Petitiouers recommended the
restoration of her Majesty to bar rights, nut because it was
legal and just only, list braise it would trust is. 'magma.
lity. It 111/011111, as they expressed it, return the sword of
domestic dissention to its seabbsril, and extioguish the
lurch of civil discord. He said more thou the Petitioners.
He would say that mail her Majesty's rights were folly
restored, discord ought to prevail. He bad beam suspected
of exciting Ihs people to violence by leis speoches.-..
He was a friend to comfit estioual
Hot if ths people subsided ions a state of poses
without the complete mtoroliva of her Majesty's rights, it
trail be the peace of slaves mid sot of free 'objects.—

(Mar, hear, gni arwrware from Me Ministerial skle.)—He
repeated it, 'that 'discard ought to prevail rather than that
the Morro should be abridged iis any of her rights. He ab-
horred the ataxia' " faitpaselman paces belle juslisisee
esdefereet" He ;referred the chasreesuf discord to the des-
peration of slavery. He would as soon live easier the S.sphi
of Persia, ur fhe Dey of Algiers, as is a country where the
Goveronseat could out be hatisenced by the opinions of the
people. Anarchy win a disease, but tyranny was the death
of a State. He prowdoril soollser Petition frogs Bolton Le
Moor, is the (wooly of Lancaster.
Both Petitions were ordered to he printed.
Mr. WHITBREAD pnrsesited similar Petitions froze the
operative Sawyers of Lustiest and Westminster, hard from
the Parish of Edesuotow.

Mr. W. BOUGHTON stonily supported a Potties of
the like mature from Gresham Worcestershire.
The ilarquisof TAVISTOCK presented a similar Peti-
tion from the Corns, a Bedford.
Mr. R. BURRELL presorted a similar Petition from the
Parisi of Mary.laboar, which he supported byasi /Der.
getiespeeeb.

- -
All them Petitlose were received, and ordered to be
primed.
Mr. JERVOISE presented • similar Petition from the
Freeholders of Hanepebile, signed by upwards of 10,000.
Sir W. D CRUPIONY said, that buying been
one of the chief scion) in the firer —(Laughter)—
or getting up the Petition (for in future county
meetings were so be considered as farces), be wished to say
• few words me the subject. He pledged himself to the re-
spectability of the very great numbers of freeholders who
attended. He was samoished to hear of such so assembly
having been called • mob. By and by every assembly
would be called a molt, except battalions of ialhotry and
sosadruns of draguow.. Those very Gentlemen opposite
wbu bad, as he would my, dared to laugh—(Las-1
ought to have resealed such laolissge as degrading to the
country and an 'Remit to Parliament. He cared not from
what mighty mouths such expeessioas might come, but they
were disgrareful. H. could acles4e Ike greet taknts of a
• military Chieftain; best such persons ought to consider
that 11).1 were nut the in IVaterlow, or the Plillilllllll4, sue
in the wretched stales of Germany, where they were to be
cowed into.levish submission and 'ileac,.

Mr. %Viti.I.EBLEY PoLK would take the liberty
of offerilig a few observations in reply to what had
fallen f the Min. Baronet. He hoped be had
not misconceived the Honourable Member's el.
lusious; but he could inform hint that if sc.
quaiiited with Abe character of that Noble Per-
sonage, he would say that there war no individual
in this country, nay, 11l the world, whu valued
more highly the libertits of his country.—
( Load crier of " Hear, hear" and laughter from
(he Ilppositiugg Beggches.j—There was me mail in
this country who knew hini that did not value his
constitutional priucipirs. He belie%egl that Hush
Gentleman misunderstood the statement of his
Noble Relative, obi se great achievements had not
only been valued here but till over the world. He
did not mean to say that all county meeinigs were
farces, but that those meetings deserved that apptl.
knout where nothing revisited but disorder and
tumult, and where only one side could be heard.
He wa• not in she habit of weighing his words, not
being ■ regular public sepesker, ■nd that a hasty
observation had been snatched up by those who
were in the habit of bestowing more attention to
their words; but he was quite sure that there was
tin man in this country valued more highly thou his
Noble Relative the invaluable light of petitioniiig.
Sir W. De Cauriosir replied.
Mr. BIItING mid, that the Hon. Gentleman
hedrnistated the character of the meeting.

Mr. Wel.t.ssLair PoLE wished to correct the
Hon. Gentlemen : he had not said one word about
the meeting.
Lord Ilat.oitsVa presented a Petition from the
lidatbitants of Chester praying the restoration of
her Alajesty's same its the Liturgy, an investigation of the
Milan Commission, and the dismissal of his Majesty's
Ministers.
. . .

Sir THOMAS ACI.AND presented a Petition from
Dartmouth. It twos signed by use Magistrate, 400 Gentle-
men Yeomen, 150 Muter Manufacturers, 200 Artisans, and
407 Ladies, praying the immediate restoration of ber Ma-
jesty's name to the Liturgy.
The Petition was supported by Lord J. RUMLL.
A Petition woe presented from Taunton, by Mr. Baring ;
frum Dwain's; by Mr. Keith Douglas; from Norwich, by
51r. William Siniih ; and from Lanark, by Lord Archibald
Hamilton, all to the same purpose.

The Mouse having resolved itself iuto a Commit-
tee of Supply—
. . .

Mt.IiVEY swished to make one observation
nn that occasion. With respect to whether the oh-
strvetion said to hove fallen front a certain
tllltf-
lrinusindividual in another place, were time or not, he could
wit tell. That uhservatine might perhaps have Siren lm-
ported from the Sovereigns at Troppau' who meowedw con-
sider every thing a firer but poster ain't repine—(l*oyr)
but fur a real farce, recumineud him to a Committee rif Sup-
ply —(Much larghter.)—Hot he hoped the people would
take this mailer into their serious consideration. They
should hold public meetings for that purpose all over the
country. The people had lately taken a noble attitude, they
had preserved the Queen from being sacrificed by the M lois.
sera of the Gown—(//ear, hear)—they had preserved the
laws and constitution of the country from being subverted
by the Ministers of the Crown—and he !roped they would now
take into their serious consideration ills preservation of
their own properties against the %Miters of the Crown.—
(Loud applause.)
THE QUEEN.

The SPEAKER hiving re•nined the Chair—
Lord ARCHIBALD H•MILTON rose, in pursuance
of his previous notice, to move for the restoration
of her Majesty's name to Ihe Liturgy. There never
was no occasion on which he presenied himself to
that House when it was wore sieeessory to crave
their indulgence thou the present. It would be
quite superfluous in him, after all that had beet.
expressed in way of petition, to iusist on the Hike-
resit iiteportueice, or the deep interest which the
public at large ',eke in this great question. lie
tussled that the unimportance of the imlividnal who ad.
stressed theta would be amply atoned for by the nutrients'
petitions that had been presented to them, and he hoped the
House would take these wilily°, into i!air consisleruti.us,
and that his deliciency would be made up, not by the argu•
memo lie should bring forward, List by what this House
must well loom is the unanimous opinion of the country.
The House cook' trot be ignorant of the extraordinary fer-
ment that had hems excited through the conntry, ever since
these proceedings had been commenced—a ferment so great
as to p t nut only that Hume from attending to the
affairs of the public, but the public (runs attending to their
concerns tlwmaelves. With respect tu himself he had lust
one observation to make. He well knew that Gentle-
men Ulf the other aisle would say that he adopted this spies.
be made it a party question. ()ace fur all, he
begged In 'outset almost any suck sisfrience. He begged
the House to remember, that he did out wait for the ex-
pression of the public opinion, or fur the opinion of his
party. Me stood sip vu his place m a lime when he knew that
the Queen was persecuted and insulted—st a lime when the
Noble Lord opposite was obliged to have recourse to
such circutnlnculiutis to prossainice her Majesty's name,
which in itself was sin insult.—(fleur, Aenr, hear,—No
Mile was more aware loan be was of the necessity of a
eu4,l assl deliberate decision on this subject ; and when the
Chaseellier of lb, Exchequer and the Noble Lord opposite
would come forward and tell the House that this was • dry
kgel giantism, be would suppose himself is the situation of

that peraecnled Laths, and ask them, when they were ale k-
ing leer name out of the Liturgy, wheu they wrre casting
spun their Queen the moat opprobrious and the must unme-
rited insults, did they then vire it as a mere dry hp!
question?—(Lord eltrere.)—He would her; to remind the
Howse, that when the Hun. Meagher fur Beenitier (vilsoun
lie was sorry not to see in his place) had occupied so much
of their time, he (Lewd A. Mufti Itow, Limo stood np mad pro.
posed an Anieuilment, which formed the substance of Lis
present Mutiu ; and he would appeal to the House if that
motion had been then granted, whelks-1' the country weald
mot have been saved all the disturbance and contagion in
which they had been involved, mid whether the Throue ..a
the Constitution would not be on a Sinter fonnatatiou. He
mum legato repeat that he did sot cimailler this as a party
qisestiau, although he would never itiaelairn a f dr and open
hostility to the Noble Lord opposite. He coeceived th•t
this mestion, like ell others which wrre bronchi redo the
consideration of the House, might be traced ID Ministers;
and he would not have the least right to bring this question
before them, if not bottomed on their responsibility. Now,
in the first place, liv would be glad to know from the G.
'lnnen on the opposite side, how matters could posuebly se:
main in their present situation? How wag it possible for
the Quieell to remain in this country, situated as site is at
present? Was nothing to be done to stone foe the insults
that had heel, offered to her? Was her Majesty still to be
subjected to the column.' that were tinily posited out from
the press against her character? By this he would not he
meant to impose any restrictions on the press. His obj-ct
and his wish was to remove the cause of these calunatoes—a
cause of which the Ministeri of the Crown hail as much
reason to be ashamed, as the people to deplore.—(l/ear,
hoer, hear.)—Assi.lst all the distresses and calamities
in which this country has been involved, if lido such
a cosesten•tion of evils soy one could be selected mine
striking than another, it is certainly that uncoestitu-
tiousl measure to which lie alledell. In cuusequeitce of
the notice given the other night by his Noble Friend be-
hind hint (the Marquis; of Tesistork), he should coufine
himself as closely as he mold to the ajorstion of the
Liturgy, as souther opposition, would be given to consid. r
all the other parts of the mirstion. But it was impos-
sible for any man, in considering this question, nut
to visit on Ministers all the misfortunes in which it
had itivolverl the toiletry. Pelham, if the whole language
was searched the mildest term that its mild justice
could be applied to it was, that it was revolutionary in
the extreme. He gave it as his opinion, advisedly and de-
liberately, that no proceedings of any set of men, radicals
to reformers, iu that House or out of it, of which he was
aware, could possibly hr coissidered of so revolutionary a
nature as the conduct of his Majesty's ‘liiiisters„ in ad-
vising these u is fort,' nate proceed i —e Ilea r, heue.)—
The ground on which lie should call upon the House to
vote fur die measure a Web he should propose, Is, that it was
most unwise, Impolitic, end inexpedient, to - the 'lame
of her Majesty from the Liturgy. Anil the first thing ne-
cessary to be alone was to remind the House agile situation
is. which her Majesty hail been placed ay. that time. Gen-
herileit had talked of subsequent irritation, and ntrospec.
tive a fleet. The worthy Alderman, the other night, depre-
cated the erasure of her Majesty's name Gown the Litia6gy,
but condemned her on account of the Letter to the Knit;
•isil what was this in reality out condemning her for
our set, and punishing her fur another ?—(Heor, hoar.;—
It had been well compared by an Hots. Friend near him, to
the Inquisition, whom the expremiona that had fatless from
her on the rack hail been called the depositionv of witnesses.
But the treatment that bail been Aleuts to her Majesty was
not only impolitic and inexpedient, but unmanls and sou.
just, already persecuted as she had been to such an inhu-
man degree, what was the situation of her Majesty in this
• ? A stranger in our country, she was deceived by
our laws—she was a wife, bus hail ~o husband—no protec-
tor. This was her situation at home; and the moment she
quitted the country, she was beset with spies and isiformen,
all her steps and movements watched with the most scrupu
loos accuracy, and even foreign deplumatists were earragid
in this hotiourable employment. On her departure, she
was handed a letter of license. And would any man he the
country—would the House of C.oniumee-wwwild even
that mysterious person, the State, assert that, ad-
mining her alaksty bed been guilty to the fullest ex.
tent alleged against her, that she hail a right to be
punished with perish" • in her pocket. He should
offer but little on what was called the legal part of the
question. He would ask why her Majesty's emus was
utigivally excluded from the Liturgy! And he would be
glad to receive a plain answer to that question. It bad been
said that there were heavy charges against her Majesty; but
if those charge' were caul proved, why not restore her name
to the Liturgy? if they were proved, then why nut follow It
up to judgment, and not leave the matter in the vague un-
certain way in which his Majesty's Ministers had thought
proper to let it reel ! The Order of Council of the lath Febru.
ary states, that the Act of Uniformity priorities that stick site.
ratio*. May he made in the prayers fur the Knyal Family,
as may bee 00000 e so•cessary, and may he fitted to the ureasion ;
but he denied that in the Act any provision Wee made fee
the alteration of the prayers, it was merely a provision her
the alteration of the naines—he therefore asked arm
what authority, in a legal point of view, Isis Majesty's Mi-
nisters had made the alteration ? If the Legislature iutesoled
to grant a prerogative, why did not the Act express it? Now
the Art of Uniformity being the only authority alluded to
in the Order of Council, he supposed it was the *who'll',
relied upon. Nu positive directions were given by that
order to pray for George IV. but as it may be said the King
never dies, it might not be cusendered necessary as to bin;
hut if it were unnecessary to make that order on the accession
of Kiag (Large IV., if it were& matter of course to pray for
him, so also it was a matter of course to pray fur the Queen
Coinent. Further, lie would est his Majesty's Ministers
or their law advisere, to what extent they supposed that Act
gave them authority? He imagined they meant to contelid
that it gave a power to the Crown to ise according to
its caprice. If that were their opinion, he trusted it would
receive am answer Gum that House : but could it ever be
coutenikil that the Act gave authority to make the changes
in the Liturgy a sort of penal power?—for so it had beau
used, it was used for that express 'sorrow, and was in-
tended as a degradation to the Queen. He was satisfied
that the Act intended tin such hoer, and trusted that the
House would some to the emichisiou that his Majesty's Mi-
nisters were wrong. He did not intend to freshets what was
done by else head of the Church, the Archbishop of Canter-
bitty, but be must express some surprise that the head of
the Law, the Lord Chancellor, should preside at the Cowl.
tit where that order was given. There was one thing which
the alinisti-rs had done, which, if not illegal, was at least
nugatory. The order was sent to Scotland, where they
had nu jurisdiction; it was therefore a dead letter, or
a "Mintiest of law, road the consequence was, that
Scotland it hail remained as mere waste paper. The con-
duct of Nlinistirs, if out illegal on the whole (and lie said
this in the Iwo ing of the lord Advocate), certainly was so
as it regarded Scotland. There was one Halite so extraordi-
nary to that Order in Council that he could not help taking
some notice of it—the name he •Iledeil to was that of
Mr. Canning ; and however UllgtaCtoug it might seem so
comment ton au absent persou, be must go on, for of that
absenre itself he had to complain. Common report hail
said, that the Right Him. GrittlrMall had differed on hos
questiou with it's Majesty's Ministers, wildfire true oc 1101
lie could nut say, but was It too Midi to expect to see
him its bus plate to explain that difference.' If hie resigns.
lion of 'afire mow tied from pi iodide, as be would hare it
he toolenotoOls was it km much to have expected he would
have delayed his del, ono, Cur the C01:1111.411 a GI" dots for
the ;lentil( of her Majesty Rot be (Lord A. Ilainiltiiii)
was )et at a loss upon what principle the Rigid Ilim Geo.
tleinsit had Tented his other; lie had *milieu in far • of
the prosecution of her Majesty—his ,same was to the Order
in Cuoncil—and lie kept his situation !linoleum' the whole
of the pi...centime., nod as the close of them, open some
'weather differences snit explained, be had retired from office.
Had it been Ilia (:.card A. Hantiltim's) rase, soil he had
thought that his colleagues were acting iinjostle toward,
the Queen, he should hare bid the candour to hare stated
it ; but the Right Honourable Gentlemen hail left in doubt
whether he did or did not differ with his late colleagues.—
Having proceeded thus far it mignt be proper to state, that
be intended to conclude with a motion, that the House
should resolve that Ilse Order of Council, by which her Ma-
jesty's Game was struck out of the Liturgy, was ill.advised

and inexpedient. Not that he meant that to be the limn -.
he thought it would he proper that theMinistenshoulil
• censure from that House for the ill which they had c,
which might operate as a stimulus to du right, tu
to iuduee the House to think with him on that sic,
(though nut called upon to Cute on it.)—(Her, beer,
Lord Crtellereach.)—He was surprised to hear the
the Noble Lind ; be
rid"
be would find employ
enougl iii getting rid of the votes that mould be cur*
Had be at utter called spots the House to vesture her
jhety's name to the Liturgy, it would have beta timed-
mid that he had done what would" lb* perlhaally °fres,
to the King. It lead been seen that the proceed,,.
.0m Howie id Lords bail, uu its close, been shuttle
the questiust therefore which he was induced to ask wail
What effect do his Majesty's Ministers propose to
to that proceeding?" If they considered that vide as a,
fide verdict, why did they give it up' and if they di,
so consider it, why did they cuntiuue to pereecier
Majesty Why not replace her mime in the Liturgy
hoped to receive an explicit answer to that verdict au
mid theta the House would be better able to form n.,,
tarot. The Noble Lord here apulogised to the Hume I.
taming it so lung; but lissiug undertaken to bring tie
jerk before threes, be considered that he ought Out to 1114
hiinse:f the time of the House.—(Hoer, hear
affirmed, that the proceedings leggiest her Majesty hail
must tujerions to the Crown itself. On which account,
that the prayers of the Church were offered for the Rep.
wily! was it from auy considers, ion of the merits of the p
No, cm tainly nut. It was as the Royal Family, sad
save aunty persona! qualities whatever. It was must s
to the Royal Family to excite comparisons throughout:
country, as if oar was it and another was unit to be p,
for in the Church. If that House set such an example,
far might it he coiled lay the country He would
that this would out unly be au Injury to the
bait to the whole of the Royal Family. The Ilia
might tell of irreligion pervading the country,
would ask if there use any mode of proceeding sic
to promote irreligiuu, as making use of religoiu a.
maltase of Stale, or rather as au engine of the Mien.
But was this proceeding of Ow Lords a verdict air a j
meat ? Could they rely ma it Applying at Is. a Cu.
law, it bacanie ridic alum. A disisiiiii tales places
the Jutlgesorod becalm: the may°, ity mile not se great a.
expected, they abandon the sentence shogetber.
Nub:e Lord thelarrd they would du au mute nom
Majesty, lie would venture to say it was because they,
do no more, they hot carried their p sit... as
they could, mil then declare that they is their c'e
deist (rum farther pruceediug.—(Hear, heerr.)—He
lie fatigued the house—(Hear, Rear)—but there en
thing he particularly wished lilt' House to consider.
Ministers continue lace Nlayesty's name out of the Lit
granting us quivaletit (suit he keen of no mien
which they Could grant), be would ask the House is
situation the lavers, of thus country would be p
The Hi ttttt Gentlemen opposite might learn
thing from the odious impute tttttt s cast upon tier Ma'
the Papeis order their :Widener. If they were to en
to excite auy one who was disposed to curry favour
theist, bow was it possible to stop the deluge of ce
which would continue to be east, not only totem bet
jesty, but upon all the Royal Family—since every is
lien cast upon one party,escited a certain degree of
by the part issue of the other? Dial they imagine this as
Bet in what way could it be cured? The spit it whirl
hero shewu by the people, was, in his opal' ims, excite I
souse of justice, aril could hardly he expected to he ap
till the cause was removed. In the midst of the c
Mal and agricultural distress which pervaded the Co,
was it mashing that Cu,, the mot six months this thpi,
would be adverted to, to the almost entire cactus.
every other? if so, it would lead the people to ne
that the House of Commons slid not participate is
feelings of the country at large. He knew the Noble
and Isis colleagues were tionoinable and just nice.
he was therefore certain the proceedings whirl,
taken place could out have their entire spieled)
and he could only account for the support they gave
proceedings by supposiug that they had given • pledgc
if her Majesty should set faait in this aseintry, the.
would proceed, little thiuking that such an event wosci
pen. He could nut believe they advised it as a mum!
sure; but they now stood in that House responsible
apLoueetriciletyag udesheirevhedhaseil
vbeeerenrfroprr.ce,bad titres; tfohertnn.o
act
tiit Cuf,
st
more
a measurepoliticallyre.hi
base
they did
andeei :suit a
e than!v isest. merelyandiuc becauseasdlrei
of
had not strength enough to repel the sinister influence
pressed it upon them. The Noble Lord, in conclusion,
that the Miniaten bad acted most it...justly, unless they
to call the vote-verdict or the verdict.vote • COlretl
metal.

The motion was then read by the Speaker—
" Resolved, That the Order in Council, by which he
jesty's name Wild excluded from lb, Liturgy, appears to
House to have been ill-advised and inexpedient."
Mr. ELL,. said it had not been his inienti.
I eve tuken any part in the debate, but for
expressions in the speech of his Nobk Friend (if be
be so permitted to call him), which alluded so a
Hon. Friend of his now absent, which appeared to
call upon some Friend of that light Hon. Gentians,-
explanation of his conduct. His purpose in rising
deprecate any such course of proceeding, and to ask (
bearance from his friends on that side of the House, a
duce them to abstain from replying to any charge, or
eivation of charge, •gminat that Right Hon. Grails
From the first his Right lion. Friesid had ansionsed
determination to take no part in the proceedings
the Queen. From the moment the Address of the
failed of its object lie took no put. He was absent a
during the procvedings in the Lords, and he retorned
close atheist. proceedings. The slate of things then
him to think that the conduct which he bed their
pursued was in° longer compatible with the sits
which he held. He therefore surrendered his office.
having thus purchased the right to follow that line V
duct which be conceived proper, he again absented h
until the ferment which at present existed bad is
Hs would make one observation wills respect to his
Hun. Friend having coincided with Ministers le
chiding her Majesty's name from the Litton.
Hight Honourable Gentlemen hail himself, In •
which could hardly yet be effaced from the remote
of the House, stated the reasons which appeared
to justify that m r . He would net injure the e •
that speech by repeating the reasons assigned by hi
would merely observe, that in seliiing fool, ofiice he
wish to withdraw himself from any responsibility a •
to that measure. With respect to the curiosity es
by the Noble Lula as to Ike degree of difference
limit Right Hoo.Gentlemaii and his Colleague., Lc
beg him to satisfy himself by waiting fur that ft•cle
Geotlematio return. Without any breach of coon& ,
might say, that on all great questions of poloy,
tirely agreed with his Colleagues. The Honourable
her recalled to the recollection of the Home Or
factory manlier in is bias Mr. Cal Olin !AO
former chiles when presented in a Isegible shy
concluded with observing, that his confine' (wild
the one hand lie attributed to coy attachment to olfe
anshiti 4444 Of popular fame un the other, but could es
dictated by a conscientious regard to the duly lie us
the illustrious Persians concerned.

Mr. ROM NSON rove., and apologised in
ilitir%e for ri•iiig thus etriv iu the aelvite.
lug to the heves!, of the Noble toil, he begged to ss
the fret place, that there we. me seutittir“. I'S •ij
eattrtly concur' d, hr meant this. ihev (she Musistel•
to be the responsible persons. The Noble Lord wa. •
to &dealt that tiny had not mete.' 1. ant their cos
bat whatever might be the eubo (invoice he could out
to rest his acquittal upon any suet) ailtaisstuo. It was i!o,,
vice. sad by thou advice they tonal stand o fall. Ain(
charged will, violating their cloy to their Fotereltin
insuMing their Queen, it would be as act of too sad
cowardice if they did not !mildly avow their respossitot
(Hear, hear.)— Before replyissg to thi atjueteuteoflb
ble Lord, he would advert to circionstviess *llia lure
aad white) led to the proceedings against her Mbid
He weight tint enter at all ;auto the legal part of the speel
but be would say that the Meister, did not now,
